
5508	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great
The other device I'm able to test is the iPod Touch. I ran this down to no charge remaining and plugged in my fully recharged IMP52D. The iPod came back to full charge in 2 hours and I still had 3 lights remaining on my charger. I probably could have fully recharged my Touch a total of 3 times or more on one charge of the IMP52D.


So I did my research and decided I liked the idea of the WeBoost brand; they seemed reputable and had a fairly clear explanation of their products, various videos, etc. I would have liked the next model up, which requires installing an exterior antenna, but it wasn't practical in my circumstance. I live alone, I'm disabled, I don't have anyone to climb up to my roof to install the antenna, heck; I don't even own a tall ladder. And I can't afford to hire someone to do it either, so this model seemed more feasible without much hassle. Also, I've found that my "best spot" seems to change with the season, the dropping of leaves on the trees, the snow or lack of snow, etc., and I really didn't like the idea of a permanently placed antenna that's not easily adjustable. So with this model, I can move it to a different window if needed, or even change the angle slightly from inside, which I like.

3072	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The case if very hard and protects the scanner very well. I travel a lot internationally and am very happy with this purchase.
  There are only two buttons, both of which are hidden. One is relatively easy to find, the other requires a bit of hunting. This second button is also the volume control. Press it a bit too long and you've just turned off Bluetooth and lost your call.
Plastic Stylus
The GPS is still quite a drain on the battery (as with N95), and not as useful as all the hype.
2658	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For $29 including $5 in calls, what a DEAL!  Worked great in Israel for 12 days.  Love the GPS Internet Journal you can use to track your trip and share pictures and messages with folks back home.  Went on another trip to Mexico hoping it might work (eventho' info indicated it wouldn't and it it didn't!).
3152	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	In my opinion this is the best solution for so many mounting issues for all phones
The 510 suffers from none of this stupidity, which makes it - for me thus far anyway - my top pick.




3262	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice. Well constructed. Soft lining will not scratch screen.

8951	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfect in a pocket, backpack, purse, etc. My wife loves having a sleek and stylish battery to keep her iphone charged all day. It's nice to be on vacation, or a "staycation" at Disneyland and not have to make the whole trip come to a screeching halt having to charge mobile devices. With the iTorch we were able to keep moving without having to be tethered to an electrical outlet and waiting for phones to charge. The flashlight and laser pointer come in handy as well. Got a lot of jealous looks from other tourists wishing they had one to charge their phones.
966	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pros:

6515	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you have a weak cell signal and only have 3G I recommend this device. Very reliable, you only have to make sure your antenna's are pointed correctly because they are directional.
So the battery lasted the whole time I was using it with no signal tones to let me know it was dying as it had the last two days after 1.5 hours use.
Aside from charging your phone pretty quickly (if you're not in a dead spot) this charger will be able to charge your phone multiple times. It won't be able to charge it more than two times or so up to 100%, for that you'd need to check something with more than 5,200 mAh such as the New Trent: iCarrier IMP120D - (12000mAh) but it will provide at least six to seven more hours of usage, which is what you need to keep your phone alive until you get home to your sanctuary of electric outlets and unlimited energy.
8291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	what I was looking for
2083	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I previously had and used a CX6700 and hated every minute I had with that thing.  This isn't perfect, but a lot of the shortcoming have been fixed in this product by Palm.
All-in-all I'd very highly recommend the 7290 for anyone that needs a mobile email device, cell phone, and PDA.
1959	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	not what I was thought it was.
-stong solid feel

My only quibble so far is an occasional electronic "crackling" sound, even when the phone is quite close to the earpiece. It's not complete white noise, and it's not exactly like radio static; it has a bit of a "musical" hum to it as well as an AM-radio type of static.  It happens on some calls but not others. The person on the other end doesn't hear it, but I do.  When it does happen, it's not super loud, but it seems to get more annoying the longer the call lasts.

8427	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my second try at a good phone holder for the car. I have a Palm Treo 700p and also have the larger battery so it's been hard to find a holder that holds it tight. This one holds it just like I want. It has come off the windshield a few times, but that may be dur to the heat and it loses suction to windshield. A good buy for the money.

There is many good things abut this phone, just get it and you will see.
Lightweight handset with belt/pocket clip.

My one big caveat is to check your maps and make sure you update them immediately, if necessary.  I think Garmin will only allow the free update within 30 days of purchase.  Although the 200 was purchased in July 2008, the maps were not up to date (2006 maps) and I ran into problems updating them on Garmin's website and then forgot.  By the time I remembered, it was no longer free, and it just wasn't worth the cost to me.
Whatever you do, don't attempt to test the buzzer feature when the headset is in your ear - the buzzing is LOUD when it's placed right in the ear.  But if you needed to find it if lost in the room, be prepared to make the room very quiet to locate it.  It relies on the internal speaker to create the buzzing sound.
3997	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
4189	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Quite simply, the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset totally rocks!  Believe me, I've gone through quite a few Bluetooth headsets in the last couple of years, and so I have quite a few to compare this one to.

2032	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I think the best feature is that the boom turns it on/off which allows the unit to have a perceived longer battery life, since mine is off most of the time.  When I remove it from my ear, I flip the boom to off (making it smaller) and then pop it in the door grab area of my car.
The Plantronics Voyager 510 has proven its value overs more than three years of demanding use. It fits comfortably over your ear excellent incoming and outgoing audio clarity. Best of all is its outstanding ability to hold a charge for a long time. I can generally count on more than a week between charges, even during periods of heavy use.

The only bad thing I can say is that the charger is not standard mini usb, and it doesn't come with a car charger.  However, the battery life is terrific, I can get 2 days out of fairly heavy usage before having to charge it.
Very useful function (especially for travelers): The modem function works great either via the USB modem driver or the Bluetooth, with download speeds that could put some so-called `broadband' speeds to shame. This is great in places where you have no Wi-Fi or free Wi-Fi for your laptop (like in Airport terminals, etc).

6697	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Prior to installing the signal booster 12 feet up on the side of the house, under the eves, I had 1-2 bars with our AT&T phones and zero bars with my company phone (Verizon) inside the house.  The signal where I put up the outside antenna was 2 bars with the Verizon phone. We live approx. 3 miles from a tower and we have hills between us and the tower.


Bottom line: I have continued to drop this phone and my heart doesn't even skip a beat. Considering the heart skipping price for the phone and how dependent I've become on the little sucker, this case is invaluable!
5478	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Well, I purchased this unit to test out the iphone 3g's compatibility.  It connected fine with no issues.  When testing the sound quality, it wasn't so good.  There was a bad hiss in the background.  The high pitch sounds didn't sound right at all.  When playing video, the voice wasn't synced up.  Not sure if that's the iphone's problem or the LiquidAux BT.  I thought it was a cool idea, but it didn't work as expected.  If you are using it for music only, it might be ok.  But I have kids that love to watch movies and they wouldn't like the delayed voice effect.
1. Make sure to get the UPS tracking number for the return package. That is the only link between Amazon and Cingular. Amazon doesn't take any responsibility for the plan and if you don't have that tracking number then they will say they think you still have the phone.

1110	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent buy as you can create your own cig lighter socket anywhere you want in your car, add extras, etc.  No longer slaved to what you got in your stock vehicle.  I have one going to the rear seats and one to the trunk so I can use it as a socket for my tire air inflator.  Make sure to get an add a fuse kit as well to make the installation seamlessly easy and safe.

No Antenna
Now after 3-1/2 years, though my iPhone has been upgraded from 3GS to 4S, I am still happy with the holster and I went abroad with them several times with confidence. But aging is an inevitable process and the holster now looks very worn. I plan to buy an exact replacement if I can find a trustful vender.

Functionally, that's a great design, but for looks I would have liked the scanner to fit completely into the bottom, with a thinner top half for the cable.  As it stands I might be able to get a couple other cables or things into the top part so it's probably a net plus.
6967	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product good seller no problems
1211	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I was keeping the the cable plugged in to the device the whole time, and through time it blew up the fuse rendering the device useless as it doesn't start again..
1) Great Audio - I have a Blackberry Curve and sometimes the audio is a bit soft even on max volume. Using this headset, I usually use just 1/3 of the max volume! Now that's some audio amplification!
For $10 shipped, this thing's definitely something I would recommend highly.  For $30+, not so much.
4960	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It works but not for what I needed it for. The female end is thicker than the picture. This does not work where I needed it, where only apple size jack would fit.
5584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This radio is very compact and holds a charge very well so far. I purchased it primarily as a weather radio and for emergency use. The weather radio works very well. I have not used the two way marine radio as it is my understanding you have to be on the water in a watercraft or on the dock/shore to legally use marine band radios, but it is doing what I purchased it for. Price was good. Seems to be very well constructed and I have had good experiences with other Cobra products so I expect this to last for many years.
4378	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good sturdy case, perfect fit for my Iphone 5. Will buy another one love it

The IMP500 comes with an retractable USB charging cable, with mini-USB and micro-USB adapters. This cable can be used both for charging the unit, or in reverse for powering any device utilizing a micro or mini-USB port (virtually all non-Apple wireless phones). I can plug in my Bluetooth headset when the unit isn't needed to power my iPhone.

7027	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	One of the few cases that fits the S&W Model 1's, a lot thinner and lighter than the G&G cases that I'm replacing.
2528	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent

2.  Speakerphone: The speaker on this phone is of a real good quality. Of course the quality also depends on the signal strength.
Fit - After playing around with the different ear ear pieces and hooks, I finally have found a combination that works.  I have to use a ear hook, which isn't my favorite but after you get used to it, it isn't too bad.  Also, it fits much more securely with the hook and is more comfortable.

7770	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I won't try to top the  Doc. from Washington's review. Same experience here. This is the fifth bluetooth device I've purchased and blows all the others away. My purchase of the H710 was on the strength of a friend's use of an H700. He was the only caller with a bluetooth ear device from whom I could hear every word clearly. This H710 is absolutely the best on everything from utility to comfort. Don't even consider any other. A rare home run from Motorola. Quite a contrast from my wife's crap Motor-oh-no V3m Razr phone. (In comparison to my Samsung U900, another winner)
4662	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not last that long. Quality is not that great. If you work in Construction, this is not the phone pouch for you.
First, they claim that this unit will cover a home of 2500 sq ft. LIE.
Pros:
Be aware, though, this is JUST the physical metal stand. This does NOT include the charger itself; the photo is just for illustration only.
5438	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, Thank you.
I can't speak for the camera or the browser or most of the other functions.  Sorry, I don't use them.
974	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off. The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem. After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center, they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable "due to customer abuse." I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage (unless using it to make phone calls counts as "customer abuse"), but got the same comment, without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation. It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty. You'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works. After that, you're on your own.
(original review)
Easy to use-- paired very easily to my Samsung Messager III. I had it paired in about 30 seconds-- most of that time was just navigating my phone menu.

2821	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice phone, has alot of features, including a built in mp3 player, camera, internet etc. great for work and checking emails on the run.
3168	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I've been impressed by the windshield lock-grip of Garmin Nuvi units and even by the effectiveness of a 9-dollar silly-looking gooseneck that not only held my iPod in place but charged it and served as reliable FM transmitter to boot. This latter item item didn't score well with other Amazon customers--proof that you can't always trust the ratings.

5352	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product had an amazingly low price, and replaces an unruly adapter and headset combination.  The adapater alone had cost more than $20.  Now this product replaces everything in a single piece, with the added benefit of an inline control, all at a fraction of the price.  Great product, but now it reminds me I spent way too much on the first one.
4267	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far so good. Clear sound.

In addition, the useful distance of the small desktop antenna provided with this booster is only useful within a few feet. Ideally, it will provide signal within close proximity of your desk for a single room in your home but nowhere near what would be required to provide signal to an entire floor of your home for example. This information came from a very honest and helpful tech support person at Wilson.
3. Some of the route calculations are impractical.  A number of times, the nuvi200 has taken me through the longest routes possible instead of plotting a simple, more efficient course to get to a destination.

In the US, make sure you get the GSM 850/1900 version, which will work with AT&T/Cingular and with T-Mobile. I have AT&T. I transferred my contacts onto my SIM card on my old phone, put the SIM into the F3, and it worked instantly. The only drawback with AT&T is that the cell towers don't correctly notify the phone that you have a voicemail waiting, so you don't get an icon to warn you about voice-mails. It does correctly alert you if you missed a call, though. I hope AT&T adds official "support" for this phone in the future so that my voicemail icon will work properly. Otherwise works flawlessly.



6584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The device was tested in a stationary car and my bars on my phone went from 2 to 3 consistently when i plunged the unit in. As an added bonus it might have help my phones wifi reception. There are two big drawbacks. 1st there is an outside antenna that need to be placed on the center of your cars roof. Unless you have this device installed which should work there is wire hanging from your dash to your sunroof or window. 2nd my Samsung note 2 will not in the hold with its protective case.



5159	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got my n95  8gb  today and very happy about it. It has 3g so don't worry about it and everything on it works perfect and with internet calling option i am making free overseas calls....what can i ask for more?
8387	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Product! Just as I expected!
Avg.
1329	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This was my first clamshell phone, and I like that aspect of the phone, but that's about it.  It seems to have worse reception than my previous phones (all Nokia bar type) in the same coverage areas.  The biggest issue is definitely the battery.  I am NOT a heavy cell phone user so I like to just leave the phone in my car or gym bag and not worry about it for a couple days.  This phone will drain in 8 hours to 36 hours - with MINIMAL USAGE.  I don't know why it drains so quickly or with what seems to be random speeds, but it is extremely frustrating.  Also, I am not thrilled with the intuitiveness (or lack thereof) of the menus, but I am sure I would have become familiar with them in time.  I won't have a chance on this phone since I am looking to return mine ASAP.
I bought the essentials kit, and have enjoyed listening to music through the headphones. One day while I was cleaning the garage, I just played all the songs in shuffle mode and listened through the internal speaker and it wasn't too bad. My wife just got a 30G Video Ipod last month for her birthday, and she is jealous of my Chocolate phone already :)

Battery life is a tie.  Both are OK, but not as long as I would like (I've had to recharge mid-day a few times.  1-1.5 hours of talk appears to be the limit).
I definitely recommend this device for your Moto Q 9c and other phones.

WRONG!
 In closing I would like to recommend this product to anyone that owns and relies on portable electronics (just about everyone, right?). I couldn't be happier, and I can promise you it will get used!
5861	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Sound quality good, screen is absolutely unreadable.  Buy any other phone except this one.  I own one, thought of giving it away but didn't want to offend anyone else, not even an enemy.  I decided to bury it in my back yard, please don't tell the EPA.

If you want to send text messages to classmates get a SDKIII. If you are a professional looking for something to keep you productive while traveling you can't go wrong with the MDA.

-more themes and ringtones than my branded N75
2395	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i bought this one along with the more expensive Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset, in my opinion, the wep200 is as good as the Plantronic one, if not better.
Also, -- though this is probably just specific to my phone model-- but I have to actually press the button on the phone to activate the voice commands each time I want to make a call; it won't stay set to voice commands-- so I can't dial out using the bluetooth alone. It's a little bit of a bummer, but not a deal breaker for me. -- It works great though when calls come in-- music fades for the call, and then comes right back where you left off when you hang up.
For the price (Sub-$40) this can't be beat. Just make sure you know what you are getting into before you buy it.
All in all, its a great smart phone with a few improvements to be made on it.



If your priorities are quality sound, comfort, built-in battery, and reasonable price, these will be hard to beat. I like it so much I bought a second one for my wife.
I will say a couple of things that I don't like however. Clicking the button once turns on the laser, and clicking it again turns off the laser. I believe that this should turn on the battery pack. If no power draw is detected, it should auto turn off. To get the battery pack to turn on you have to hold the power button down.  Device draw or not, the battery pack stays on.  If you hold down the button again, you would think it would turn off the battery pack. This is incorrect. It in fact turns on the LED light.  Then you have to let go and hold the button again to turn off the battery pack and the light. There is no way to turn the battery pack on or off without also turning on the LED light.

The screen is just the right size to use the internet and the connection is just OK to suit my needs that is checking information such as weather, movies, rates of exchange etc. I wouldn't recommend it, however, for reading long newspaper articles, however, the letters are a little to small.

2. Very annoying when not using, no pouch, NO WHERE TO PUT IT!
105	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality! would recommend to all!

Comments: The Java applets, flashing lights and monkey tricks lose their charm very quickly. Have not yet figured out how to stop the circus. The user manual, well, as my optimistic boss used to say, its a good beginning.
5474	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I didn't plan on owning this product.  I have a Palm Pre and was just fine plugging a male-to-male 3.5mm connector into my phone to listen to podcasts in the car... until the phone got stuck in headset mode one day... well that's another story.  I have an aftermarket Sony Xplod radio that doesn't have Bluetooth, but does have an aux input.  So when I saw this product, I was pretty excited.  I read the reviews and saw the issues other people had with hissing and noisy calls, but figured I'd give it a try for a little over $20.  When it arrived, the instructions are little more than pictures. There isn't anything in the included instructions about pairing the remote with the cigarette lighter portion - I had to find that through this forum and through the Kensington FAQ.  However, it paired with my phone extremely easily, and after pressing the CENTER of the remote it also paired with the cigarette lighter.  The attached cable that is "cut off" in the pictures was just a little too short to reach from my cigarette lighter to the aux input on my stereo, but there was an included extension 3.5mm wire that allowed it to reach, although now I have this coil of extra wire under my dash. Sigh.  So, the moment of truth- play music through the phone.  Yes, it was very quiet and yes, when I had to turn up my stereo to hear the music, there was a loud hiss.  So, I was on the phone to customer service.  They needed a number from INSIDE the remote (not the cigarette lighter portion) to send out the ground loop isolator, but they agreed to send it out free of charge.  A few days later, I noticed that the volume on my phone's music player wasn't turned up... for some reason it reset to a low level when pairing with the Bluetooth?  But when I turned the phone up, I could turn my stereo down, and the hiss all but disappeared.  I will say that the sound is a slight bit "muddier" than the direct connect, it seems like the LiquidAux (or my phone, no way to tell) doesn't output very low frequencies as well, so the bass isn't quite as defined.  Again, that is before I adjusted the car stereo's equalizer to compensate.  I plugged my phone's charger into the charging port on the side of the LiquidAux and that worked fine.
2) Appearance- doesn't look out of place at a business function

All that said, while it may not be the most aesthetically pleasing Bluetooth headset, it is not the ugliest either.  It is interesting to note the design differences in the newer Jawbone model that Aliph just released, however.  They've presented a much more attractive version with a sleeker, less obtrusive style, seemingly proving that the manufacturer recognizes the customer's desire, frivolous though we may be, for a headset that is pleasing to the eye.

 Nickel-plated copper-alloy chemically-etched keypad
5701	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So easy to affix on my new cell cover! Works great! Easy hookup!
Bought this for my mother, who used it until she wore out the connectors. Until then, she used it daily and excessively (she's a talker... to say the least).

337	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far so good. Fully charged upon receiving and after moderate usage all day. Last night it was fully charged at midnight, so I unplugged it, and after almost 22 hours of moderate usage, it's at 77%. The past few days since I've installed it, the battery has not gone below 60%. That's usually from 5 am till 10 pm without being charged. I would really like to see these types of extended batteries for Windows Phones.
What I don't like:
3849	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	flip phone fits in it fine

Fully charged, the New Trent iTorch took my iPhone 5 from 17% to 100%.  The second time I used it, the iTorch recharged the iPhone from about 36% to 100%.  The third time, my phone was about 17% and the iTorch charged it to about 46% before the iTorch itself was drained.  Based off of this, it seems that the iTorch may charge my completely empty (0%) iPhone twice.
4 stars.
3) Beautifully constructed

7229	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The phone was exactly what I was wanting, but it either had a problem with the sim reader or was not unlocked.  I was very disappointed and sent it back.
Also, I wanted GPS and I did a ton of research and enough people got the "free" GPS software to work that I trusted others' experiences and the phone has practically paid for itself just for the amount of frustration/time the GPS has saved me!  Yes, Google Maps and Windows Live Mobile Maps DO work.  I took all default GPS settings and launch Google Maps to lock in on the satellite, then use Windows Live Mobile for my GPS navigation because it has voice recognition and the screen centers on my GPS location and will auto-recalculate if you go off route - haven't figured out how to make Google Maps do the same.  (I have no need to pay $10 a month for TeleNav - the free stuff works great)

The battery comes with a few adaptors so you can use it with Android or IOS based devices, assuming the Android devices are using the standard micro usb plugs. It does require that you use your existing cable from your iDevice so don't be peeved when you don't see one in the packaging.

2952	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have used these chargers on a couple of phones I have had now, and they are awesome. I bought 2, and i am glad I did. I bring them camping, to friends houses, and anywhere I think my phone might die on me. I just plug it in, and you can still use the phone while it is charging. This small charger can run your phone for a long time on just two batteries. It is suprising. These chargers are very durable, and you can get replacement tips if you lose them. You can also get tips for different phones/ portable electronics.
1998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Watch out people -- the notched circular connection on these ear cushions does not fit the opening on a Plantronic Voyager Pro -- the diameter is too small, and they fall out. However I ordered the "medium gel eartips",&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Medium-Eartips-for-Voyager-Pro-3-Pack/dp/B002QBS9KE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Medium Eartips for Voyager Pro [3 Pack</a>] pack of 3, and the connector on those does fit. So I'm keeping the gel eartips (not this item) and throwing out these foam ones.
3. I have had one of these on my P7000 for over a year, and it still looks like new.  Not a scratch on it. Optically, they are completely transparent, so you won't even notice they are there either.
1822	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	DONT LET THE NICE LOOK DECEIVE YOU!!!
6. The end of USB cable that attaches to the headset is NOT standard mini-USB. It would be so much better to carry just 1 USB cable so that I can charge the RAZR and the headset
9961	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
standard, a plastic insert in a pressboard box, not as eco-friendly as
9995	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	We received the BR50 battery a few days ago for my wife's RAZR cell phone.  She tried using it for a few days after charging it and it won't hold a charge after making a couple of calls. It is actually worse than the old battery we tried to replace. It turns out this "new" battery was made in 2006, according to the code on the battery.  The old battery that we were replacing was made in 2007! So we put the old battery back in. I probably won't bother to try to get a replacement since I only paid $7.29 for it. If you buy one of these try to verify the manufacture date ahead of time.

8710	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	MUY BIEN

Cons:

5114	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Item as described.
5826	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The replacement trackball does exactly what it's supposed to do... can't beat the price. I can't imagine how much I would have been charged if I'd taken my blackberry into a store to be fixed.

8077	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Tried many other devices and most had low or distorted speaker output, And you sounded like your in a tin can to the other party. This unit is as good as an expensive hard wired model I had in a privious car. Also works great with voice dial every time even on the freeway at 70 MPH. If your after portable Hands Free Bluetooth you will not find better.
Color scheme of chrome-silver boom, black body, and white button shroud is dismal (they should have stayed with all black)
under a draft test (just put an upgraded panel antenna on the window in the bathroom)


All my other headsets i had to press them to by ear to hear the other person even at max volume and it was annoying. The H710 is so loud that i had to turn down the volume. I am glad to get rid of all my other headsets (incl. jabra bt500)

arm band just fits normal size arms. If you have really large arms, probably won't fit you.
This isn't all I'd wish for but it's the best I could find at the time. Overall I'm 80% to 90% happy with it. I'd say it'a a good value.
588	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R1HG2HP0Y185FC" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E1mgkSKo0rS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61ljo5kJfhS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Great little box. Perfect for cell phone, mp3 player, wallets and anything that you don't want to crush and/or get wet. Much tougher then I expected. OtterBox has proven itself once again with a fantastic product.

* It's big
4219	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am an IT support manager and practically live with a headset when I'm not at my desk.
8601	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So easy to affix on my new cell cover! Works great! Easy hookup!
Since Samsung won't stand behind it - I'm boycotting ALL Samsung products - there you go!
FYI, I get 1/2 a charge on my iPad from this device and a full charge on my ipod.

- makes it easy to get the Blackberry out or lock it in quickly
5200	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to use at work.  I work all day on a PC and like to listen to the music loaded on my BlackBerry.  The cord from my ears to my BlackBerry was always getting in my way.  I didn't want to be connected by wires to it (I have pulled it off the desk a few times) but I still wanted to be able to skip through my music.
3191	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	No help at all. I live in a mobile home with weak signal, tried everything I could think of, no help, worthless.


5289	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this because it was good price and its works as intended. Not much can be said, its a Bluetooth headset.
6396	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	cheep made but it was cheep to buy so i guess you get what you pay for it worked nice before it broke
Any way, thank you Amazon.com.  You lived up to your reputation!!
For me, the Voyager 510 sounded great, but I couldn't get it to rest correctly against my face... the mic insisted on pointing OUT, away from my mouth. Could be my big head... I'm not sure.
9197	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was pleasantly surprised at how small this external backup battery is. Also the cord to charge the IMP500 has a double use then to charge my iPod Touch. As this battery has a standard USB port it can charge anything that uses a USB charge. I tried it on my Motorola RAZR and it worked fine. This is going to be very useful on our next overseas flight, and it will work on 240V 50HZ in France. It is a good design, well built, and I expect it to last a very long time.

Overall, I'd buy it again... the slime comes off relatively easily, and it works for what I need.
All in all it's an effective headset and an improvement over the Motorola H700 I had been using.

5916	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I would be lost with out this little darling.  I can get two phone charges off of one cycle of the power pack.  Or one phone charge and one iPad charge!  Also works wonderfully on the galaxy s5
UPDATE 11/6/2009: I just wanted to add that it's been over two years since I bought this and I'm still using it daily. It still works great even though it's been through the ringer - lost, dropped, even put through the laundry cycle! Still highly recommended.
Camera - It's pretty great! This is what I bought the phone for -- so it would allow me to have a decent camera with me at all times. The lens cover is a little flimsy but infinitely better than nothing at all. The camera is not that responsive, but the pictures turn out great.

1150	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It's a nice-looking product. It seems like I would have liked it. But...
4647	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
is very handy during presentations or product demonstrations. I thought
All that said, while it may not be the most aesthetically pleasing Bluetooth headset, it is not the ugliest either.  It is interesting to note the design differences in the newer Jawbone model that Aliph just released, however.  They've presented a much more attractive version with a sleeker, less obtrusive style, seemingly proving that the manufacturer recognizes the customer's desire, frivolous though we may be, for a headset that is pleasing to the eye.
The calendar is poor, an all day appointment will carry over to the next day.
9988	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's almost the same as the original battery.
So far, no problems, but I suspect that it will eventually wear out.
Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!

Aliph's Jawbone headset changed all that.  My friends and family no longer even suspect I'm in the car when I use it.  If they call me while I'm in a grocery store or department store, they hear neither the hubbub of the store nor the announcements over the building intercom.  Then I went to my favorite wing restaurant, which keeps the music pretty loud.  I stood directly under one of their speakers and asked my friend if she could hear it.  She thought she heard some people speaking faintly in the background.  She had no idea I was standing under a speaker with music blaring at me.
When I opened the box, I was pleasantly surprised.  It comes with a thin, clear, protective film that covers the screen as well as the keypad.  The only thing exposed in the front is the pearl ball.  The plastic body is extremely high grade.  Feels like that of a polymer pistol like military grade plastic.  And it's nice and thick.  Once the plastic is clipped together, to hold it together, there's a thick silicone shroud that form fits around it.  Together, the thing looks bulletproof.  It's very intelligently designed with all the openings well spaced and areas curved out of the way for my fingers to work.  It's a precision piece of engineering.  The belt holster is the most rugged one I've ever seen.  It tilts with nice positive clicks.  And it's designed to hold the phone backwards so that it keeps the screen tucked out of sight.  The holster also puts the phone to sleep when slid in.
My disappointment came when I merged my cell phone and PDA by buying a smartphone, an HP iPaq.  The headset connected to the new phone without a hitch and worked flawlessly... for a while.
As for sound quality, everything I hear is clear, with ample volume available.  People I speak to report equally clear sound without much, if any background noise.
3. Can only sort phone book first/last, not last/first; doesn't everyone sort by last name???



The reason why it's not a 5 is because the metal part that holds the latch came out. The little bolt won't go into the hole for some reason. It was broken when I got it. I didn't want to go through the hassle of returning it, so I just super glued it back, and it has held so far.
I was origionally looking for a simple BT headset for the car and a pair of ear buds for my new Blackberry.  The moment I saw this, I knew I had to get it.
8672	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This worked for me while I had the phone.  It is past tense now as a phone (and possibly a company).
SOFTWARE
- Both parties on the call are able to hear clearly without any problems
4630	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and service.
Other than that, it was deeply discounted and delivered promptly and as advertised. What more can you ask?
With a new home I was not in the mood to attach anything high up on the roof/window where the device might get a better signal to boost.  I also was not interested in drilling holes in my new home to hid  the wire...... so after limited increase in signal and satisfaction from my spouse I returned the device.
1. Standard usb port on the device allows for charging many devices, especially those that come with a usb-cord-plus-power-plug combination.
- Surprisingly tough material.

6701	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We bought this device because I needed strong cell phone reception in my basement office. We wanted to get rid of the land line.

Cons
Small size
------------------
* 3.5mm Stereo/Audio Jack is built-in. No adapter needed. Amen BlackBerry! Just plug my Shure buds in and I'm in audio bliss.
1279	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Although the sound quality was excellent, the volume is really low and combined with the over-the-ear design it results in its usefulness while driving or doing outdoor activities, when the handsfree function is required, therefore although a nice piece of equipment, it just doesn't delieverwhat it's supposed to. I purchased mine from Amazon, which i considered a serious seller, but after i took it to a repair shop after dropping it in coffee, the guy laughed at me and showed me its VERY cheap (<$2)ERICSSON speaker! so, since when does Motorola use ericsson components in their headsets?
Edit Dec 2015: And I know what the title of my review says but for some reason the link is gone and I can't find the one I have anymore....



(Perhaps some day the manufacturers will figure out that they don't really gain anything by having all these variant charger interfaces, and will standardize on one?  Nah.)
Cons: the battery strength indicator light system can be confusing at first. Also, it's very easy to accidentally push the laser button (not that the cats mind!) or the flashlight button.
858	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great little set of headphones. I got these for my dad to take along for his walks so he can easily answer the phone, and also not have to worry about misplacing the headphones. They fit him great, but I definitely won't be getting a pair for myself as they are a tad too tight around the sides. The bass is very weak, but that isn't a problem with the music he likes to listen to, but the overall sound is great for oldies, adult contemporary, jazz, blues, etc. The volume is definitely high enough for spoken word as well.
795	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really liked the product recommended 100% I feel totally happy not hesitate to buy recommended ..... sending was done perfectly
Pros:


7243	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this phone for my mother-in-law, and it worked great for the first year and a half.  After that the battery life sucks.
Will charge your smartphone at least two times over

325	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My brother is THRILLED with this and insists on 5 stars, which I'm also happy to give.
It works:

There are a couple things that annoy me about this phone and keep it from a full 5 star rating.  First, the stupid Palm connector at the bottom.  I've always hated the Palm connectors.  Why the company can't switch to mini-USB like the rest of the world is a mystery to me.  The jack isn't the easiest to pull out, it's big, and I have to buy all new car chargers for it.  Also, there's no cradle.  My previous Palm devices have a cradle and I miss it, although this is cheaply remedied with some poking around the internet.  The stylus is also very thin, lightweight, and cheap.  As a result it's doesn't provide enough tactile feel and weight to effectively use the touchscreen.  I had to purchase a replacement metal stylus to bring the touchscreen use up to par.  Again, a cheap fix, just a little annoying.  Even with these shortcomings I would still be inclined to give the Centro 5-stars except for:
Worth the money, hope a newer version improves the comfort level.
At full price the case would be too expensive for my taste.  At 2/3 the price it's just right.  At 1/3 the price buy two to stock up.

9511	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have had this unit for a couple of years now I guess and it's still operating flawlessly for me. Live in an area where cell phone service is not that great. Placed unit on window inside of house facing the closest cell phone tower we knew that our carrier operated. Almost full signal in the house (living room) after install.



4191	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I'd seen the Jawbone commercials - you know, the guy with all the loud yard equipment in the background, and wondered if the noise reduction you REALLY got was as dramatic as the commercial would  have you believe.

Sincerely,
1861	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and excellent seller, a real asset for Amazon

What I use it for: Blackberry Bold 9650, Kindle, and iPod Touch
6861	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Satisfied with the product.  Good value for the price.



pocket. I love that the charger comes with a LED flashlight and a laser
Jan. 2010 update
3248	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It's cute but no protection at all. Broke my holster to my outterbox, so I thought I'd switch up and just when I did, my phone broke away fell and my screen cracked.....no good
1567	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I fail to understand the high ratings for this headset. I dislike it.
No More dropped calls............


Most recent Headsets I've used:
* LED light - it is not very bright. In a very dark area, it will be enough to light up a very limited area close to the eyes, but not more than that. Yes, a brighter LED would drain the battery (when used), but it may not be a bad idea to increase the light output to make it more useful (user will use the light only when needed)
4908	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love it to extend my headphones so i don't have to take the case off my phone!
1002	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	These seemed to only create a sticky mess behind my battery cover. My signal never boosted.
7258	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ty
3264	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good case that only adds a little bulk to the back. The front ridges are slightly lifted so it protects the screen when its face down. The stand is great and compact, but my only issue with it is that it tends to not want to stay clicked into the case after multiple uses. I taped mine down because I didn't want to snap it off. And depending on the surface, the stand sometimes then to slid out backwards under the phone. The buttons are kind of difficult to press because the borders are pretty rigid. Its a nice case and I love the cool color schemes and its not too thick which was the deciding factor. Gave it a 4 star only due to the stand and the occasional issues with the ability to click the buttons.
The only warning I'd give is that the battery tends to get hot. I imagine that's typical of all such devices but since I've never heard another, I really can't say. It's not so hot that it seems dangerous, but I do try to make sure that it has some breathing room while charging so it doesn't overheat.
Pro:
3239	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	these are good quality screen protectors. and you get two per box so that's a plus as well. make sure you put them on in a "dust free" environment, even though i was careful to wipe them down a speck or two getting under the protector can make a big difference in how many bubbles you can't get out.
3088	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this has a nice wide color screen with amazing clarity and picture quality.  Syncs to Windows PC and MS Office with ease.  Great feature is the off phone battery recharging and the included second battery.  Having one battery to recharge and using the other until the phone dies should keep the life of the battery longer.  Not having to worry about plugging in to recharge is totally awesome.  Nice to see this feature return.  When cellphone first came out this was a standard feature, then it was optional, then it was gone.  Get the extra long life battery if you plan to use this as a video or MP3 music player.  Video conversion is a bit spotty and frustrating.  Many videos will convert and then not display.  Music is no problem.  Any MP3 or MS Windows media player audio format will play.  Convert is easy with Windows Media Player 10 or 11.  Sorry Win2k users (forget NT or Win9X or Me), video conversion is not available on any MS OS older than XP and Windows Media Player 10 and 11 are only on XP.  Get a MicroSD card and put your music on that card and you can play it from there.  Pictures can also be stored on the SD card or in the 64Megs of internal memory.  Since this is a MS Smartphone, there are lots of 3rd party software and games for this phone.  Be aware of the aspect ratio, this is a landscape display and not portrait.  If you get games or applications for it be  sure of the aspect ratio.  This is a 240H by 320W display.  Size your pictures to the display and you will be happy with the clarity and sharpness.
Many users have complained about the END key being located on the side of the phone. It's a valid complaint, because if you hold the phone normally during a call, you'll often accidentally hit the END key while in the middle of a conversation and terminate the call. To avoid this, you have to hold the phone just so, and there is little room for error.
1519	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this because of all the positive reviews and was surprised when it was not very good but Plantronics does not support my cell phone the Treo 755P. It would have been nice to know this from the web site prior to purchasing. I love the sound quality of the Jawbone but it does not fit me-and many others.
would purchase again.
9903	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product!!! Recommended 100%!!!
8553	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got a newer version of this tip which is better than the picture. Looks and fit better than the original I had from the shack.
1647	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Over the last 2 years, I have tried over 10 different models of bluetooth headsets from different manufacturers. By far, Voyager 510 has the best all around performance - clarity, loudness, battery standby time, pairing, static free, ...
1.  Call clarity [never experienced a drop call]
iPhone in bedroom 30 feet away:
3614	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I tried the flip case and it was nice but always seemed to be in the way when I wanted to take a pic.  This case is great, nice tight fit, and easy to hold onto.  Does not add any bulk to my phone.
2714	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Before the Pearl, I was using the blackberry 7100t, with Tmobile. The 7100t is big and bulky, and it was a bit slow, but I loved having my email with my  phone. What I wanted was something that looked like a regular phone, but had blackberry functionality. The pearl is a dream come true -- it's sleek, thin, a beautiful and comfortable phone, top quality reception, and it even has an MP3 player.
7801	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I thought my H700 was great, until my wife washed it :-(, but the H710 outshines it's older brother. So what if it has adopted the mini usb connector design; they still give you a charger (well you end up paying for it too) and the adaptors are also on the market.

2. Added to that they ship is very late
2. The speaker does not line up in front of my eardrum unless I rotate the unit with the mic facing almost upward.

Any way, thank you Amazon.com.  You lived up to your reputation!!
6378	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good holster.  Does what it's supposed to do, hold your cell phone, but what make this so good is the price.  Again, go to Verizon and see how much this cost and you'll understand.  The shipping cost more than the holster but it's still worth the price.
UPDATE 05/12/2008 - If I could I would downgrade my rating from four stars to two.  The clip is just so much worse and so much more of an inconvenience than I would have imagined.  It's actually worse than having no clip at all because I've managed have my phone come right off my jeans about three times now which nearly resulted in me leaving it behind wherever I was at the time.  It's a good thing the case provides good protection too because my phone has also fallen right off while I was walking or climbing stairs.  Do yourself a favor and avoid this potentially rather expensive mistake of a case.


2370	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This blue tooth is great but th ear hook breaks easily so be aware and order a couple of pairs of the ear hooks to have on hand.
it. I rate this item 5 stars & would recommend it to family & friends.
2391	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Aside from it falling out of the ear, it's one of the best bluetooth headsets i've had. I took the advice of another reviewer here and bought the Jabra ear jells. That definitely helps it stay in my ear, but i think i lost a bit of volume with it. Overall it's definitely worth the price.
2503	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This headset fit great in my ear, its look is very cool, but a few flaws:
I'd give this a 1 star but my previous review was a 2 star and I can't change it.
Of course, being a quad-band, video, camera, multi-zoom, bluetooth, infrared device w/ browser, the general ease of operation can only be so easy. That 'said,' many a senior probably couldn't be bothered w/ messing with it all or putting to test call quality in rural U.S. and New Zealand.
So far it is a keeper!
9157	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this item earlier 2011. It's been a life saver in many situations especially when I traveled. I am using this device for smart phones that I also use it as MP3 player, video player, GPS on the road, WIFI hotspot to share data with my tablet...etc. The tiny internal phone battery just won't last for a few hours. With IMP500 huge 5000mah capacity, I don't need to get near a computer or AC outlet for a few days on a trip.
7532	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excelent product, thx

The bad:
It also has a laser light and flashlight feature, but I have never found a need to use either of those.
Ah, but you want to know about the biggie, right? You want to know all about the music capability!

For $10 shipped, this thing's definitely something I would recommend highly.  For $30+, not so much.

the first feeling of this phone is: big, big like good-old 51xx

1614	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like the 510 headset. I have owned several. The sound quality is excellent. If you use Bluetooth headsets, consider this one.

8616	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits my needs.
-Signficant third party applications
quality is crappy when you zoom w/ the camera
I used to have a Motorola over the ear BT set, and this totally blows it out of the water, both in comfort and quality.  I'm no longer asking my callers to repeat what they're saying, or rolling up my windows and turning off the music just because I'm on a call.
I will either find some one who has high end meters to rent or buy top quality equipment.
I got the black version, and I nick named it KIT after the night rider car, it reminds me of it. Yeah I am a dork!

charge seems to last long enough for the long con calls I get stuck in
However it did work, if both ends spoke loudly and clearly it worked perfectly, but who wants to be that meticulous while talking on the phone?


6547	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I went from 1 bar to an (almost solid) 3 bars. I was hoping to get a little more than that but it is a LOT better than it was before! The signal thru the Straight Talk Home Phone now sounds clear instead of sounding like a cell call about to drop out.
2989	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second KRZR. I love this phone. I finally broke my first one, but I pushed it to the limits. It had been washed, soaked jet skiing, dropped, kicked, chewed up by my dog (twice) and finally destroyed by me trying to replace pieces without the right screwdriver. This phone lasted through it all. The best feature is that if you dry it out after immersing it in water, it still works. If you are hard on phones, I would recommend this one.
6991	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have been protecting the screen of my BB curve for the past 3 yrs. I custom cut it from a long universal plastic screen protector. For a change, I order this product and dismayed of it. The good side of it are a.) it has a tiny cleaning cloth; and b.) 100% exactly the same size of BB screen. The bad side are: 1.) it can't be re-applied if you mess-up; and 2.) one of the 2 tabs that said "please peel of this mask before application" is harder to remove. The paste on it had dried signifying that it is an old stock.

5799	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't really like it cause it never worked. It never opened up I mean come on. Tried every ways to make it start.
2860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	a good alternate to the oem cable.  I can't find the OEM cable!!!
Good product for the price.

4028	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding.  Works like a charm in executing the "in holster" and "out of holster" functions in my custom profile.  For the past few days I had been carrying around the 8300 in a shirt that had a buttoned front pocket (and having to wash the shirt every night) ... bad news is that it is in the 90's here, and it is a winter shirt! I'm glad to get rid of that shirt!  The clip is perfect for my belt, and the swivel works great.

8435	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have dropped my phone a couple of times on hard surfaces with no damage.  I would highly recommend.


To make up for the lose of my Lifeproof case I also purchased a set of the Moko waterproof cases. They were really cheap and seem to be made well enough for my use. I wanted something that I could use on my boat and motorcycle. These fit the bill and the phone with both back plates fit in the case easily. I find that once you place your phone in the bag you can press the air out to get a vacuum seal. This makes using the phone much easier. This is also the same company that I bough 2 wireless charging phone holders for my vehicles. They work very well and are much better than constantly dealing with a charging cord.
I used to put the set in my pocket between calls.  Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.  I contacted the company and they indicates that this is because if the loop doesn't break, the headset itself would break instead.
150	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fast delivery, works well. Not very long.

All in all, a very handy product, priced the way it should be.  The only drawback is that it will periodically come loose from the windshield--you just have to make sure to wet the suction cup thoroughly.  But if you have a clean, smooth, flat place on your dash, it would work better by not hanging upside down.



-Cost would be right if it didn't fail so badly in the sound quality department


Recommendations for improvement: Allow for a bypass so that you can both charge the unit and charge a device connected to the unit at the same time. Consider changing your power cable to a standard micro-usb to allow it to charge using industry-standard chargers (both AC and DC).
8136	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	beautiful leather, and sturdy
Another improvement suggestion would be to allow you to manually turn off the battery pack -- currently, you have to leave it on and let a timeout shut it off. Perhaps New Trent could allow the user to long-hold the power button to manually force shut off?

The battery cover.  Ugh, the manifestation of evil itself!  You have to take the battery cover off to remove the SD micro card.  You also have to take the batter cover off to reset the unit.  Now, I've only had one system crash in the first 3 weeks, but that was because I was trying to load some really old AOL software that wasn't designed for this Palm OS version--and I paid the price.  The cover isn't the worst thing to get off, but putting it back on sure is.  I've kind of gotten the hang of it, but man, total loss of a star because of it.  There is no inset reset button on the back of this phone like other Palm devices of yesteryear.  Having one of these small reset buttons in the back could have made me somewhat overlook the battery cover.  Bummer.  Palm, what were you thinking?

5334	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	My old Nokia 6101, which is almost three years old, has served me well and still works like a champ.  The only reason I even considered getting a new phone was because I wanted Bluetooth.  The 6263 seemed like the ideal replacement for my trusty 6101.
6790	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great all around
This external battery fit the bill perfectly to assist me on my weekly travels and instruction in the class room at work.
Speaking of ears, I can wear this thing rather comfortably for an hour or two at a time without too much discomfort. (I never had this on for more than a couple of hours at a time.)

- Need a better manual with more details


8647	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	...not super easy to put on, doesn't last a long time.  Wouldn't buy again or recommend...there has to be a better option out there....?
6912	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It seem every device that uses button batteries use a different size.  Since I have several watches and other devices that use these batteries it is convenient and inexpensive to order on line.
1571	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I don't have a Bluetooth phone, but bought the 510 to work with my MacBook (and Mac Mini). Well it works great. No drivers, it just works. I'm using it with Skype, Photo Booth, and as a headset for Itunes and other apps that would normally use the speakers but I need private listening.

3789	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have an XM radio SkyDock plugged in to my 2006 Toyota 4runner.  The design of the Skydock's lighter plug makes it very stable and very difficult to remove.  I added one of these unit's inside my center console then cut off the plug end and soldered the wires to the terminals on the existing lighter socket.  Haven't had a single problem yet.

It's a little larger the i expected but comfortable even over glasses. (yes don't forget that your glasses will interfere with most over-the-ear setups.
174	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like this charger because I don't have to pull in and out of the socket in the car.  When I plug the phone in ut turns on.  When I unplug it goes off.  Saves the wear and tear of the car socket.
Latest update 12/22/04
5327	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It fits my WRX hatchback. I put socks around the top suction cups to protect my roof.



1431	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've used this Bluetooth for close to three years. It worked very well for a long time, but recently the sound quality is beginning to wane, making it hard to hear. It fades in and out from moderately good sound to really poor sound.
2169	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like my phone i got it the first day it came out and when i got it i mean it takes some getting use to but I like the features, the camera, the phone is ok not wow, love the keyboard, and i really like my windows media player on it and all the things you can do. I don't know what most people were expecting but i think my expection of the phone is what i expected....
The HS850 that I got from Amazon came with a charger and minimal instructions, but I had no issues.  After being plugged in for one overnight cycle it was ready to go.  The fact that the mike boom also acts as an on/off switch is great, as it tends to conserve battery life.  Are there better units on the market ?  Most likely.  But I feel that I've gotten some decent value out of this handy headset from Motorola.

6128	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The itouch is perfect for me since I travel and do presentations. Its got a led pointer which is great for presentations and the battery also charges my iphone. What's great is that it is a 3-in-1 (charger, flashlight and led pointer). The extra benefit is that it is compact and small eough to fit in my suit pocket. Great product..
1326	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice fitting case.  It works better for women though who store their phones in their purse and have no need for the belt clip.  For men, you're better off leaving the clip off and just storing the phone in your pocket.  A non-swivel type clip might have been better for this.  It really is huge and a little clumsy.  The leather case itself is really nice, a great fit.  It looks as good as it does on the photo.  If you can do without that belt clip it's even nicer.

2	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	DON'T CARE FOR IT.  GAVE IT AS A GIFT AND THEY WERE OKAY WITH IT.  JUST NOT WHAT I EXPECTED.

sorry
2971	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's a gift for my sister, since she has a red color samsung cellphone, it's match perfectly.
6756	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good Batteries
I agree with the others about the pro's of the case. I really don't see any con's. I mean, how slim do you expect the phone to be with *any* case? Be realistic. :)
6556	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works very well. Great product.
The battery life is good for a product of this size. It charges my devices quickly, and the device itself does not take too long to charge.
Part of the review package is a white paper telling reviewers how to access the iPhone's Field Test Mode to measure the cell tower signal strength. I tapped in the code (*3001#12345#*) and went to Cell Information.
If you have to travel internationally, these things are a lifesaver. Instead of using travel adapters directly with your electronic devices, it might be better to use these to charge your devices. Just my two cents.


3741	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very Handy Item for tight spots on your vehicle.
7. Like all other BT headsets, static is still a problem. When no static is present, people can still tell I'm on cellphone or using BT headset, even I'm in a quiet room. And I must say the RAZR's audio and mic quality is pretty darn good.
646	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this Item because it didn't filt my Palm Z22 at all. DO NOT BUY THIS FOR THE Z-22.

I knew this and didn't expect miracles for my AT&T phone or my girl friend's Verizon phone, I'd really only hoped to turn a serviceable signal that dropped calls on a semi regular basis and often wouldn't receive texts for several hours after they were sent, into something that would be reliable enough that we could avoid getting a land line. I thought this was probably possible as we regularly get 3-4 bars in the walkway outside the building. With those expectations I've been satisfied with the product.
4)  It is convenient that it is GPS capable, however, I feel ripped off paying $10 a month for GPS when other GPS units (Garmin, TomTom, Magellan, etc.) are free.
- Reasonably priced
Ipad - 3rd Gen w/ Retina Display

9281	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Received this product yesterday.  It is completely unusable, as the LG Voyager fits so tightly into the case, that it's nearly impossible to remove the phone once inserted.
Ring tones that were too soft,
729	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great model of bluetooth headset, and you can't beat the price.  This model is especially easy to use with the "open the boom" feature to automatically connect to your phone.  This price is $30 cheaper than most wholesalers can get it for!
5140	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	After years of being tethered to my cordless phone in order to use a headset, I finally gave in and decided to try the Calisto.  I had very high hopes. Plantronics = good.  Bluetooth = good.  Small unit = good since I get up from the desk to go to my small warehouse.

5765	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My only quam is that it is light. If it were heavier then it wouldn't move so much when transfering phone 2 or fro the dock
2082	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My Treo 700w has become a perfect compliment to my work laptop. For better or worse, my Treo has become an intregal part of how I do business. It works (usually seamlessly) with my Microsoft Outlook and calendar (My phone vibrates 15 minutes prior to all of my meetings). My Outlook contact list (and all of those phone numbers!) are instantly transferred into the phone's contact list- it really has revolutionized the way I organize all of my business trips! On a trip I list all of my visits, agendas, contacts and directions into my Outlook account and presto they are linked straight into the Treo and available to me while I am on the road.
5135	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I guess I'm the first reviewer on this as I could not find anything on this myself before purchasing.  My needs are a home-based business and I'm constantly on a headset taking orders and dictation.  My wired headset got very staticky and annoying as each time I went to answer my phone and reach for the headset, the wires would pull at everything in its path!  I'd answer my phone with half my desk stuff on the floor!
Pros:

- Internet connectivity - sure it is "watered down" webpages, but it does give me pitch-by-pitch updates on my favorite baseball games!
Dave
I've had this a little over a year. The battery isn't as good as it used to be, but I still get at least one full GS3 charge off of it.
BIG thumbs up on performance!  Now, we'll just have to see how it holds up in the elements.
Cons:
4833	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this Bluetooth literally for years now. I love that it just flips open to turn it on. I also like how it rests on my ear.

5498	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works good.  However the dual sided Velcro at the end of the strap rubs your ribcage.  It's really aggravating and can cause some serious rash after about 3 miles if you do not adjust it on your arm. Other than that it doesn't slide around or move when running, even at long distances. Would recommend but be warned about the rubbing Velcro.
  -Middle button is for navigation/enter

7724	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits really well, great quality. Seems like it will last a while. Seems like it gives the iphone a good amount of padding too, so should protect from a fall.

4: that's it.

2136	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	nice solid case with hard foam lining, its held up well and kept contents inside dry, clips are solid and case is rugged.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jabra-BT250v-Bluetooth-Headset-with-Vibrating-Alert-Retail-Packaged/dp/B0007UC5U6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jabra BT250v Bluetooth Headset with Vibrating Alert [Retail Packaged</a>]
The Cobra is about 1/2 the cost

On the other hand, the k850i does have a few built-in applications that are notably absent from the N95: A flashlight application (uses the LED autofocus beam), mouse/keyboard emulation to control your bluetooth-enabled computer (e.g. for presentation), and a stopwatch/timer app.
8155	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what i needed and still using it. You can't go wrong for that price.
8548	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Los materiales de este iGo son de muy buena calidad y muy confortable,ademas no tengo ningun problema con esta IGo y la recomiendo mucho gracias.
8117	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	In all fairness, these meets the job for which I purchased it. However, please be aware that this is not meant to use with more than one medium to large sized smart phone.  I have an iPhone se and a Galaxy S7.  I could fit one more SE but nothing larger on the available outer slot.  Also, the front tray is very narrow

Cons:
Like an earlier reviewer said, it would be nice to be able to turn it off when not in use (to conserve the charge), but I charge it every night anyway.
Battery life and call quality are great.  The phone lasts me about 4 days before it needs to be recharged.  I am by no means a power-user though.
-Decent range (I can leave my phone in the living room and wander about my apartment without issue)
6779	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	All 5 batteries tested dead! Worthless!!
To delete the messages from the phone is impossible, the headers will remain there, unless I delete all the messages from the server. I want my messages on the server, as a backup, but now i need to move them to another folder, for the sake of the Nokia!
1162	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Although this product is considerably more expensive than "cheap" USB hubs it is well worth the money. After tiring of buying $15 USB hubs that could not even last one year, I decided to splurge. The decision was well worth it. This was so for a number of reasons. First and foremost the product is well made and durable (at least for a USB hub). It is not some really cheap piece of plastic or hastilly assembled collection of aluminum pieces that will last only a few months. Secondly, the USB hub ports are adequately spaced from each other. They are not 0.0001 inches from each other. Hence it is relatively easy to attach/detach usb cables very quickly and with minimal effort. Thirdly, the product looks aesthetic. Fourthly, the product has a light that lets you know that it is correctly plugged in working. Fifth, the size it nice. It is neither too large or too small.

2458	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love this headset; it basically has surround sound so that even in your noisy car you can hear really well. The earbuds are comfortable and it came with two extra pairs of earbud covers, which is really handy. The only thing I wish these had was a more functional button; you really can only answer calls with it, I haven't figured out how to make calls yet. But I like it far better than a noisy bluetooth, and people can hear me better too .

2787	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	She was having trouble keeping a charge for any period of time. This order came fast, I charged it up and away she went.
9475	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I live in a rural area with marginal cell phone reception and had high hopes for this unit.  Unfortunately, I ended up disappointed.
2675	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	used a LG Fusic in here just fine. Not a good fit for non-folding phones.


I previously (from another source locally) purchased what appears to be this exact case, knowing it was vinyl since I looked at it in person, and purchased it since I couldn't find one that fit my phone as well as this one in leather.  It lasted about 2 or 3 weeks and the belt clip sheered right off of the case and dropped to the ground one day.
7444	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had many BT headsets so far and here's the low down on them.
White adapter received from seller "eTECH" (mailing label said "iflash Inc") - 1 star:

2616	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this headset all the time for my PS3 and it works perfectly. It may not last an entire day of gaming but on available nights it lasts the whole time and is clear and low profile for online game chatting.
2481	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	THE HEADSET WILL NOT STAY ATTACHED TO MY HEAD... LOOKS LIKE I WASTED MY MONEY
8264	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Looked for an otterbox for my husband and found this.  For the price I decided to give it a try, it is about 1/3 the price of the one that he was going to get from Sprint.  We received in a few days and it works just fine. He works in construction so his phone is always getting dirty, and dusty.  Would definitely buy it again.
HUGE capacity, and far more flexibility than my "standard" chargers.  I like that the front of the unit even has a legend on it for what the lights mean for colors or codes signify so you know what's happening without having to dig out the manual.

6484	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this with hopes it would help me on a camping trip! My parents visit the same place alot and they losecell service about 20 minutes away and while they are there... I got this 2 days before me and my son were to meet up with parents at there favorite campground. I hooked it up the night before, it took abt 5 minutes. Through WHOLE trip I never lost signal, even within that 20 min stretch to campground and maintained signal why in campground... it was a weaker signal.. But versus no signal at all I was completely impressed with how it worked and how well it worked for being there smallest product in there line! I was able to text and use Facebook messenger while camping to stay in touch with family and friends! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT for mobile traveling to maintain contact and might I add allow my phone's GPS to get me all the way to said campground without messing up!
When I read other reviews, other reviewers noted that it picks up dust - I have not found that to be an issue at all.
Excellent product and great price too.





It is very functional, easy to use. Camera of 1.3 MP is good enough.
61	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Beautiful case.  No complaints at all...other than the day I got it, my husband gave me an Evo 3D!  That's okay.  This case will be my step-daughters Christmas present.
1421	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great sound quality, comfort for wearing long hours and excellent battery life.  However, a little old school in the size and type, and requires a special proprietary charger.  Wish this charged via micro USB

I could not make this fit.  When it came loose, which was often, those I called had great trouble hearing me.  With the A/C on high in the car, the wind noise added to the problems unless I covered the item.
9188	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We bought this external battery pack in anticipation of a LONG (28 hour) trip with our 2 year old to see my wife's family in Singapore and Malaysia. It was the best purchase we made.
Apparently blue light 1 only illuminates when a device is connected AND the battery pack is on -
There is a short (maybe 3 inches tall) antenna that has a magnetic bottom toe be mounted on the roof of your vehicle.  Being magnetic, it will stay there when you drive at any speed.  There is a wire that goes from there and plugs in to a cradle.  I don't know the exact length but the cord is quite long to compensate for different placement in the front or back of your car.  This cord is thin enough and durable enough that you can close your door completely on the cord.  A big key is that the cord that runs from your antenna needs to run to your base where your phone is attached.  What this means is that you have to ensure that the wire is secured to different areas of the interior of your car so the wires aren't going anywhere.  This is something you would want to logistically think about before you install it.  How will you hide that wire?  What will you use to secure the wire?  I have zip ties and I have found different things in the car to zip tie the wire too but I am not sure how ideal that is.
2088	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	If you're a former Blackberry user, like me, you'll likely hate this phone.  If you're a former Palm PDA user, you'll hate this as a PDA (and probably as a phone as well).  My company recently switched from the Blackberry platform to Windows Mobile.  For secrity reasons, the only device initially approved for use on the WM platform is the Treo 700W, so I had no choice but to go with this dog.  It tries to do everything but ends up doing nothing well.  My review will focus on a comparison with the Blackberry platform (I was using a 7290).
1233	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After having replaced my 250 3 times at the verizon store I asked to be given the 250V instead of a 4th 250, they did and so far so good, I think Jabra knew the 250 had some defects , each 250 i had died (stopped pairing) in about 2 months, the 250V seems to have no problems and works much better with my Motorola V710.



The camera, buttons, and everything else is receded a little into the phone, which makes damage in case of a fall very unlikely. Most of the back is transparent to display the apple logo and phone information. The only problem that I've ever had is that because of the design when flipping the silent switch on, it takes a bit of effort to flip it back without long nails to pry it from it's place, but this is the only fault I could find and is barely worth mentioning.
It work perfect, the camera is just amazing, is not as cool as the iphone but its a great choice (y)
The automatic lifter for the receiver works fine, although our commercial telephone system is definitely not well-designed for this.  The cradle for the handset is open at the bottom so, initially, when the lifter activated, the handset would slide downward and wouldn't re-seat in the cradle when I disconnected. I solved this by actually running the handset cord directly under the phone itself to hold the cord in place so there is no play when it lifts - and when I disconnect, it sets back in place.

- None so far :)
It is comfortable and light. / Depending on the size of your face, your cheek may block the microphone resulting in muffled sound.
for dialing, I expected that it would somehow work with my phone's built in voice dialing (like pressing the button once would activate voice dial).  There is no documentation describing that this would be the case, but I guess it was my expectation since my phone's wired headset works this way, and I expected the bluetooth speakerphone would work this way as well.  For my phone, hitting the Jabra button would dial the last number that I dialed.
This one by far is the best.  Great quality clear and crisp.
Ah, but you want to know about the biggie, right? You want to know all about the music capability!
Summary
LED light may or may not be useful but why not. New Trent offers great deals if you purchase more than one of their products on amazon.
If add it from their website (most of time it ends up ERROR and ask you to call the service representative), the webpage asks a lot of unnecessary information, then sends hundreds digits you have to key in to your cell phone.
5488	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	durable

2719	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	on the Suncom network here in Fayetteville, NC and my call quality 28314 is EXCELLENT. period. the inside display is BRILLIANT...i mean you upload any of your photographs and the display is so photo realistic because of the 24bit (16 million- One byte (eight bits) per channel gives 256 (28) intensites for each of the channels which gives 16,777,216 colors for each pixel (often approximated as 16 million despite the fact that it's closer to 17 million). The human eye is popularly believed to be capable of discriminating between as many as 10 million colors. so if you ever wanted to carry all your personal photos from your digital camera to show off this is awsome now you will need to buy the usb adaptor cable separetly so its best to buy at the same time. no Infrared...but the cable is cheap like 6 bucks...also you will ahve to buy a micro SD card up to 2 gb for storage.ok so what made this phone so above else is the sound of how loud it is...even when i hookup my jabra BT250v or BT150 its SO LOUD i have to lower the volume rocker ...and the speakerphone my god...also this run symbian s60 3rd edition so its really fast...compared to my last NOKIA 6230i...which had issues...but call quality was great...now the worst part...the batter talk time is really that reported 3 hours something....so if you talk alot get yourself a car travel or expect to at least plug in every other day...i love it mainly for that awsome internal screen...and sound quality..the camera was better then my cousins motorola razor but not as good as my old nokia 6230i...i know its 1.3 megapixels for all of them but for some reason they are not all equal....lets see if your Tmobile their version is the 6133 but its reported that it has 48 polyphonic sounds vs this version of 64. and this version doesnt have an fm radio nor a infrared. but if you want that then the 6131 european version has it...but its a european spec model so the battery charger is bulky and needs a 220 adaptor(cheap)well its a great phone and i think its also better then the sony w810i which i used as a loaner phone...speakerphone quality and sound quality could not TOUCH THE NOKIA 6126...I SWEAR IT...NOT TO MENTION the screen...couldnt come close...
I still couldn't bring myself to get her a cell phone, but what do I do?  I remembered seeing a little girl years ago with something that looked like a phone, but not quite - she said it was a "fly."  Well, that's the part I remembered.  Thank goodness for Google; enter the Firefly!!!  I was elated for "Santa" to get this for my princess, and so was she until we realized no one knew what it was or how to get it activated. Emailed the company, it responded with "take it to T-mobile or Verizon."  Both companies looked at me like I had five heads citing there was nothing special, it's a phone and the lowest plans were $35/mth. Even my Sprint offered some crazy high plan.  Negative!  I just wanted something for emergencies*.




3417	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Since the Wii does not support high definition, this cable will not really help you get a better picture.  Contrast ratios may be a bit better so your blacks are blacker but that is about it.  However, depending on your other equipment, for cable management purposes this may be just for you.  With my A/V receiver, what type of video you put in is the type that comes out.  Therefore when I have my computer output that is component going to my receiver then to my TV, I only need to change the receiver channel to swap over to the Wii instead of also having to change the TV too.  For this convience, it was worth the 7 dollars.


i upgraded from the treo 650 for a few reasons: wifi, outlook directpush. found wifi to be not that big of a deal actually.

6056	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this unit free when I purchased the New Trent iCarrier 12000mAh Dual USB External Battery Pack. It's the perfect size for the wife's purse and packs a punch for her iPhone 5. Has a laser to drive the cats nuts and a small led flash light if she needs it. Looks nice and has a nice velvet pouch to keep it in.


Earpiece-  There was a big problem I ran into and that was the earpiece.  It is simply to quiet.  If I am at the mall or somewhere sorta loud but not to loud I can barely hear the person on the other end and for that I have to give that idea 1 star.
Now you only need one charger to charge all your devices. Very Nice.
1630	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Form factor does not compete with the super-tiny headsets out now, but I'll gladly sacrifice size for comfort and performance.  The clarity is amazing on both ends, I can wear it for hours at a time should I choose, and the wind deflection is fantastic.

The Good:
7676	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned this phone for a couple of years now. Bought it off the Nokia website before it was readily available here. This replaced a well used 6200. This phone is very nearly bullet proof! I have dropped it (repeatedly - though not on purpose) I am a believer in simplicity, no flips, no sliders, in-short not many moving parts. The E51 has great call quality, a very functional wifi feature and browser, and a very good music playback sound (when paired with a good bluetooth headset or even with the wired earphones that come with the phone. I don't use it much for data apps (because At&t's pricing)unless I have a wifi signal. As other reviews have mentioned, it does get fairly warm with extended use, but I usually have it in a holster and use a bluetooth earpiece, so it isn't a factor for me.

What would I like to change?  1) The very high low-voltage cutoff.  Chances are you're using these in an emergency situation when power isn't available or nearby.  These are the times when you want EVERY last ounce of power, even if it's only 5 minutes worth of charging time.  2) The charging tips are detatchable and are too easy to lose and a longer cord would be appreciated, especially when trying to talk on the phone and charge.  3) A different battery door design.  The current design is solid, but can be a bit challenging to replace the door after changing batteries.
4552	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased a bunch of these since my Girlfriend tends to destroy them on a regular basis regardless of the build quality.  I had bought similar chargers before that did OK. These ones however didn't work even right out of the packaging or stopped working after a few uses.  I only have one left that works about half the time.
3017	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	For $10 more, upgrade to an N80 w/ uPNP, video calling, WiFi, bar code reader, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, PDF, Safari browser, higher resolution screen

Also, make sure this is the right cover for your Pearl.  The older models have a different camera orientation (vertical instead of horizontal).
3632	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It looked great for my Motorola Android. One thing I was a little hesitant about when I ordered it was the fit. Did some one take the time to measure this thing well? No they didn't is too tight and too dense. By the phone going in too tight is difficult to pull out but more difficult is feeling the vibrations(I don't) or hearing the ringing (I don't ). Too tight also means having difficulty pulling it out to call being that I can't get the phone call from it since I don't know when someone rings. Another well photograph product from "China" other wise a piece of junk.

*After installing the tower in my back yard, the unit performs GREAT! I just bought some 5 ft tv masts from Lowe's and anchored one with concrete. If you have a house, you can mount it in the attic, or on the side of the house. Another thing to try is moving the antenna inside your house-it seems to transmit in 2 directions, the antenna is flat on two sides not round. It was just a matter of messing with it long enough to find what direction worked the best in our house.

Buy this one, you'll love it.
I bought this to keep using the sending unit after the clip had broken off.
6035 has a single list contact so you can navigate to the name quickly
The good news, is that when I simply put the antenna in the back of my car and let it get signals through my back window, I did get better reception. So maybe that is the best way to use it. It may not give you maximum reception, but it gives me marginally better and that is worth the purchase.
  3.  Needs something rubber on it to grip.  It slides all over the desk very easily and cause of the weight can carry the phone with it off the desk.
The additional red laser pointer and flashlight are both useful and very convenient additional features, and once the instructions on their use were read and understood, were both fairly easy to use. The storage pouch was also a nice addition and helped with storing and transporting the iTorch.
The size is appealing, and the storage case charger is great.  It does work well, low noise, and good range.  However, it only has about four hours of use before you need to recharge.  But, if you have to balance it in your ear, and keep still, or hold it, it kinda defeats the purpose.  It being so small and falling out ALL the time also leaves you wondering where it went, and who is either sitting or stepping on it.
2784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	One can never have enough batteries. I keep two extras charged all the time. At the price I paid it is the best value in the world.
1409	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Mother in law could not use it. Too complicated. Then she lost it. Go figure.
Aliph's Jawbone headset changed all that.  My friends and family no longer even suspect I'm in the car when I use it.  If they call me while I'm in a grocery store or department store, they hear neither the hubbub of the store nor the announcements over the building intercom.  Then I went to my favorite wing restaurant, which keeps the music pretty loud.  I stood directly under one of their speakers and asked my friend if she could hear it.  She thought she heard some people speaking faintly in the background.  She had no idea I was standing under a speaker with music blaring at me.


7215	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works very good with no problem

7515	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Belt clip broke too fast
plug in the iTorch at night so that it was fully charged each day. With all
All in all, I like the unit.  It is definitely more compact than the NT52D, and has the pointer and LED light as well.  Much better for travel.  I'd say of the 3 that I do have (NT52D, NT600C, and this one), I'd buy this one if I was only going to get one of the three.  If it had the extra features like the NT600C as well, it would be perfect.
5692	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Returning as soon as I locate the pieces or not

DON'T KNOW IF DROPPING IT REPEATEDLY ON THE FLOORBOARD,
Great product, highly recommend.
I had the phone out at the barn again after installing the Otterbox and there is NO dust or dog/horse hair or hay under it or on the screen AT ALL and that is a first. The Body Glove case I had before had to be removed and the phone had to be cleaned every time I took the phone with me to do horse stuff.
-Expensive
The function and design of this headset are first rate. Right out of the box it was easy to pair with my Motorola v505 phone.
619	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bought this map for my office--to mark the places i visited with pins.  i framed the map and used a foam backboard to hold the pins. the frame and backboard were pretty inexpensive and didn't take very long to assemble. the only downside is that the names of the cities are pretty small--and depending what types of pins you use--the pin may cover up the city.

4099	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect...Fast Shipping...No issues
7465	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a good data/charger cable for many Samsung phones.  Plus at more than 1/2 the price for the same cable at the AT&T store, it is a good deal.  Sad that Samsung uses a special port instead of a standard mini USB.
9868	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	thanks
-Nice fit and finish
5876	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The quality of the product looked pretty fair when it arrived. I snapped the back piece on without a problem. I went to snap the front cover on and only 3 out of the 4 corners fit!!! I tried multiple ways to "make it work but the front cover was just too small. When I went to pop the back piece back off it took about 20 minutes of delicate prying to get it back off and almost broke my phone in the process.

8201	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	after she lost hers. I was surprised I could still find one and it works for both syncing and charging.
BT headsets are way overpriced, especially when they say "Plantronics" on the side
3337	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price, compatible with my HDTV!
Surprisingly decent stereo sound (what do you expect for $4, Bose?), and great call quality.

UP DATE  pops off never got to use it but a couple of times for an hr or so, Dont waste money or time on it
2) Next cut off a 6 inch piece of the nylon tape and using a VERY small amount of CA, tack the top edge of the tape to the BACK of the band where the crack has occured (which should be exactly in the middle of the band in most cases). Use just enough so it sticks as you don't want too much CA getting into the ribbon. It should be hanging down now in the back like a tail. Note: Use the saran wrap to help hold the tape in place as you are tacking it in place as you DO NOT want this stuff to get on your fingers...

8747	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Helped a bunch! "There is no fear where love exists. Rather, perfect love banishes fear, for fear involves punishment, and the person who lives in fear has not been perfected in love." 1 John 4:18

1327	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this phone. It feels well made and has a beautiful quality generously proportioned screen; a definite plus for folks who like games on their cells. Although the Amazon listing calls it a Tri-band phone, it is in fact Quad-band. Most importantly for me, it speaks Mac. Using a data cable ( pick up a cheapie on ebay ) it functions flawlessly with iSync for iCal and Address Book. The only thing that I'm not very pleased about is that contact email and addresses don't seem to transfer to the phone ( the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 ). There might be a way to accomplish this, but I haven't been able to figure out how to do it.
6035 come standard speed dial feature


6. far better reception inside buildings than my previous SE T610 (w/ Tmo)

7180	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Replaced a factory battery so the phone would stay on longer and it worked. It was an older phone though, but never the less it served its purpose.
BTW, posting this review as I look at an amazing mountain range, and have plans on extending our trip since I can finally work without connectivity issues.  Already told about 10 other RV's about this product as I see them holding there phones in the air searching for signal.  I think I should start selling these myself.  Everyone of them clicked "Buy it Now".

After the first charge it should last you 5 days! That's amazing.
56	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The case is pretty and looks closely to the one pictured.  Instead of the bow being on a slant or angle, it is straight across the back.  When I took it out of the package, a couple of crystals already fell off before I put it on the phone.  No biggie, I can glue more or buy more if necessary.  The bow has something pink on the side, I'm not sure if it's excess non-clear glue or perhaps some paint.  Either way, it's a pretty case.
- Kinda plasticky feeling
-it's easier to just plug in this wired headset at any time than fool around with the settings for syncing with the Bluetooth when you want to by on headset.
5412	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	did not charge the phone, would cost more to ship back than it is worth, I guess it is the chance you take.
6551	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great

 I don't want to sound like a fanboy, but in the world of backup power for the digital devices we all have to carry, the IMP52D from New Trent packs a lot of support into a very small package. It's by no means the largest power pack produced by New Trent, but it does live up to the big standard that this company has established over the last few years
Sync program has bugs, with deleting and all day appointments.
I don't use the volume or the mute button on the headset, so I cannot comment on the buttons.
775	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok
Fortunately I immediately located an OEM cable right here on Amazon that cost only slightly more and works perfectly. I received it in just a couple of days, too. So I'd urge anyone who needs a cable fast and without drama to get the genuine item and not the cheap generic.
- I like that New Trent included a thick fabric pouch to keep it from being damaged.
3178	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to mount a portable Garmin to my dash for Phantom Alerts.  It works great and is much better than the mounts that come with Garmin or that can be purchased as an accessory.
*Easy to read both displays
9301	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I keep coming back and buying more.  They are perfect for the iPhone especially when you are using the Mophie battery pack.

The skin complements the holster. Its not as smooth to pull from the holster but its not bad either...I figured it would be the death of the holster really but to my surprise it still fits and operates as it should.
Overall this is a great product for the price and if your considering any of the other mentioned products, buy this one because the others are crap in comparison.
5875	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If your anything like me, I hate getting my new LG Voyager dirty or getting finger prints all over the chrome and glossy black parts. As well as avioding dropping it!! And while I was browsing through the accessories I found this gem. I ordered it and when I opened it, I could tell it was similar to the case found at my local Verizon Store, maybe a little variation, but the exact same. It fits perfectly over the phone as well as protects it from bumps as well as scratches around the cell (not including the screen itself). The only thing that I see to be a problem with this case is that, the back part of the case seems to be a little weak and I can see myself in the future accidentally breaking it in half while taking the case off. Also, I noticed that little dust particles can get caught between the case and the phone, which is noticable and sometimes annoying. But I normally clean the case maybe every other day with a microfiber cloth, and it comes right off. *phew*
Feature-wise, the H700 is great! The buttons are easy to use and understand and the flip mic is great idea...the phone rings, just flip it open (keep it closed to conserve power) and the call is answered immediately; flip it closed to end the call and it powers down as well. The H700 also features a button for answering and ending calls if you don't want to power down the unit.
-takes microUSB to charge
4524	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	What I like most about this headset is ironically the thing that bothers me the most as well! That is the fact that the earpiece goes directly in the ear, this makes it a noise cancelling head set which is great because I really can hear the person that I'm talking to. Unfortunately this also takes a little getting used to because the noise cancelling is only in one ear, so that you feel like you have  water in your ear or something. You will not want to walk around with this in your ear like you see people doing with other devices. As far as it staying in my ear, I've had no problems with that and so far no one has complained that they can't hear me. I especially like how light it is and because I wear glasses, this device doesn't interfere with my frames. I also like the sliding boom to open or close a call. All in all a very nice head set and I had no problem pairing up with the motorola Razr2 V8
7198	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Medium for iPhone 4 in its protective shell fits just right. The front stash pocket under the flap is great for flat items like credit and transit cards, and cash; will fit earbuds if you're very careful. There is next to no padding so be careful if you drop your bag down without thinking. Quality is good, soft fuzzy lining, strap-on secured by hook-and-loop.
7142	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a steal! Cable worked perfectly, and the price was beyond amazing! I've never seen a data cable for ANY device as cheap as this one - it was even cheaper than a standard USB cable! Remarkable value for an essential item!

Bottom line: It does the job but it isn't attractive and don't count on it staying on for long bu for the price, why not?
Pros:

6. The phone!

I brought my iPod for him to watch movies and some of his favorite TV shows on to pass the time. We also had our cell phones and my wife had her Kindle. With the poor battery life of most of these devices, I knew I needed something to charge them with when there were no accessible power outlets. This device was extremely easy to use and the connectors are great. I have my iPod in a case but it connected without any problems so I could plug it in while our son kept watching Diego. It also charged all the other devices with the included tips.
Surprisingly enough, even though the inside main display is near impossible to see in direct sunlight, the mini display can be seen perfecty well (in almost all sorts of lighting conditions, for that matter).  It seems they use different kind of LCDs for them and I wish they'd use the same on the main display as the mini one.

4. Nice enough little camera with a zoom and flash.

9675	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like it.

In a world with iPhones and Blackberries, the handset's tiny screen is very basic and can be hard to read. Would prefer a more modern and larger display. Despite the keys on the handset being small, I have had no problems mis-dialing numbers.
5146	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well designed, fits superbly, grippy - you are not going to drop your phone holding this case.  Only drawback which really isn't a drawback?  It is bulkier than the original nokia cases which also makes it more protective!
1748	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These are some decent headphones, but if you use them they WILL break.  It's only a matter of time.  I did some research and found the following tips to prevent/fix the breaking:
Despite what I would consider the low resolution of the camera and screen, the slow speed performance over the wireless network (apparrently the later models of Treo are broadband speed now), and the fact that Palm Software basically came out with a set of winners back in the 1990s and never improved notably, don't let the critical attitude I write this review in deceive you.  I love this thing.  It's perfect for me and my needs--personally, as well as in business.


* Proprietary charger (why not mini-USB, except to make more money?)


2609	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product
5204	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is a little different in the style and design but I think thats a feature. I am not sure what the other reviewer was saying about its compatibility but I had no problems connecting with my Macbook Pro and my HTC Touch Pro. My favorite feature is that I can use any set of headphones with the tag for the best sound isolation. I am a bit of an Audiophile so I love my Etymotic ER-4 and ER-6 and they work perfectly with this BT. I will say that the Jabra included headphones are not bad and are actually built well. They are also very convenient with the shortened cable so perfect for wearing and putting the BT at the right height.
I also noted that this thing got very warm, almost hot. My older Wilson Electronics Sleek has never been anything but room temperature .

I have owned various boosters over the years, starting with a hard-wired wilson one that had to be plugged into a port on the phone. After that one died (and most phones no longer had ports anyway), I got the "sleek" cradle booster. It worked pretty well, but as phones got larger, the small size did not accommodate them as well. My sleek lasted a few years (not nearly as long as the original wired amp) and also died. I looked at the newer offerings and considered the 4G-M and 4G-X units, but decided to save the money and go cradle type again.
7566	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have had this for about 2 weeks and the metal clip was coming off.  I then switched to the belt loop and the stiching came apart within days.  Too bad it fits the phone nicely, but the rest is crap.  I have a Reiko cell phone case for my work IPhone (simalar to this) and that works great, if I can find one for the Note 3 I am getting it.  Stay away from this.
4695	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	very practical and plugs almost all over the world.

Cons:
7431	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Previously I've had 3 Motorola headsets and was happy with all of them.  Recently my Motorola HS850 wouldn't connect properly (to be charged). I decided to use a credit with a company to buy the Motorola H700.  The salesman talked me into buying a Plantronics Voyager 510 which was $15 more.  I hated it!!
Be sure to check out the range of preamps this company offers before you buy.  They have several models with different features.  Different versions have level controls, extra inputs or ability to work with moving coil cartridges.  You can probably get the exact thing you need.
If you want a stronger signal, bite the bullet and get the more expensive Wilson product.
6735	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great price

Once powered on you can choose to keep the phone in "Voice Guidance" mode. This is actually a really user-friendly feature. After you push the Menu button (located to the left of the navigation pad) you can navigate through menu items with the pad and the voice tells you what menu item you are on. This totally makes up for the B/W screen and lackluster icons.
7248	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great phone for anyone who does not want to be locked into a carrier's contract. The description of the product was very good and matched the phone that was received. Delivery was sooner than expected. I would recommend both the phone and the vendor

While with all of its bells and whistles, the T809 is still very much wicked and relevant. Unfortunately, after the first few months the battery life began to decline (okay, nosedive is more like it!). A few months ago, I'd purchased a new battery and it has made no difference, so it must be the phone itself. I'm on the verge of purchasing a new phone as the battery life in my T809 only lasts about 4 hours on some days. As a result, I have to carry my charger everywhere. And I couldn't help but notice that T-Mobile doesn't even carry/offer this model anymore. Hmmm...

5944	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It worked great and charged my iphone 5 in an hour from 40%. Too bad I dropped it into a lake.

The range is not that great but I can't fault the headset as Treo is known to incorporate substandard BT electronics into their phones - which make the range very, very poor.  Once in a while, if the phone is in my right pocket and headset in my left ear, there is a slight crackling noise.  It's not bad though, but can be annoying.  Pulling it out of my pocket immediately relieves the problem.
I thought I'd mention it's a soft silicone band, the initial picture made me think it would be a more rubbery feeling band. But other than that, no complaints!

First of all the phone itself is excellent. both on and
.  JK
3960	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This one replaces one that broke shortly after purchase.  The push in-pull out mic is poorly designed and the spring loaded device is easily susceptible to breaking.  Otherwise it has great battery life and good range.  No other issues I can think of.
CAMERA

- Applications: Facebook, Aim, Instant messenger, Email, internet.
Russ
docked a star because the cable it came with was faulty out of the box. used one of my own cables and everything's great.
271	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	wow
Cool Features
Update: After about a year it died.  However, the cell coverage where I works seems to have improved, so I no longer need it.

1948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Cardo scala-500 BT headset is a comfortable, reliable and excellent device for BT communications in the car or an environment where your cell phone is close by. I use mine with an LG VX-8600 ( verizon), and my son uses his with an LG VX 8300, and both work flawlessly in the car, and with the phone in your pocket. But, as I have found with this device and  virtually every other BT earpiece I have tried ( quite a few BTW)....don't get too far away from your phone. Distance from the source is the enemy of Blue Tooth,but I use mine in the car, and the unit performs admirably in that environment....and I would recommend this ear piece highly.
8237	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Very flimsy product. The charger has been  replaced many times. Still get a junk one off here and they break sometimes as I take them out of the box. Very low quality.
Before the YX500, I could not reliably connect to my T-Mobile service inside my home. At best, I could get one bar near certain windows. I could get satisfactory reception by taking my phone outside and seeking out a "line of sight" path to the cell tower. After installing the unit with my antenna attached to the chimney on my TV antenna mast, I can use my phone pretty much throughout my home. Placement of the base station is more sensitive than I would have liked to see. The issue is that it's transmission strength is usable, but weaker than I would have liked to see.  My expectation was that I would be 3/5 bars as a minimum, and the reality is that I lose a bar ever ten or so feet. This is mostly OK since I get 5 bars when close to the unit (within 10 feet). So, you must make sure it is centrally located and that your principle location in the house (say, your desk or office) does not cause the booster to be on the other side of the funrnace/AC (if you have central HVAC), water heater, etc. Remember, avoid metal, especially grounded metal, objects. They absorb or block the radio waves you are trying to receive. In any case, I temporarily set up the antenna and the unit as recommended in the instructions and moved the components around to get the best signal strength on my phone's meter. One of the reviewers commented that he "can't see radio waves" and neither can I. We can all MEASURE them, however, and that is what we are doing in a crude way with our cell phone signal strength meter.

7429	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This purchase is a replacement for a broken headset.  Works great.  Easy to use.



1978	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Our new battery from eCom means that I no longer hear "system trouble, low battery" when I set or unset our house alarm.  The best part is that it arrive AHEAD of the promised delivery date.  How often does that happen?  Great service and great price, I'll be buying replacement UPS batteries from them as well!

Awesome price.  Would have paid double if I'd bought this at an electronics superstore.
* The unit is comfortable to wear for long periods due to the foam earpiece and very flexible rubber design.
5)  Freezes.  I am not the only one who had this problem, but this phone seems to freeze quite a lot.  I've known some people who are on their third and even fourth reformatting of the phone to get a fresh start and make it freeze less.  I guess that is just typical Microsoft Windows but I'm not having this problem on the 700wx.  A few times I would not have anything at all running but the system just got stuck and I couldn't answer phone calls until I reboot the device.

2791	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I would have gone 5 stars, but nothing can be perfect. Amazingly, this battery cost just a fraction of what the same one cost me a few years ago, but seems to be of the same high quality. When you're out and about, it doesn't hurt to carry a spare to keep you in touch with the world.
I'm sending mine back and getting another H700.
9161	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I honestly don/t know where to start so let's go with....amazing, convenient and does everything it says and more. I have had my Iphone 3GS since December of 2009 when I received it as a X-mas gift and it is the best phone I have ever used. Now the one drawback to having an Iphone is since there is "an App for everything"...there is also another reason for my battery to drain. I have a case...check....I have my friends wherever I go...check.....now where is that wall socket....wait I am at a concert...5 percent battery..yikes....well after searching through many products and solutions I received a newsletter about deals online and came across this item from New Trent. I charged my phone fully 4 times....even though their description says only three I somehow managed four. Also, experts say you should not leave your phone plugged in over night because it can hurt your battery since leaving it in all night keeps charging way after it is fully charged. I did not know this but this device actually shuts off when your device is full. So if I am to lazy to get up to find a wall socket across the house or I am on a airplane ride or even just at a family function I will always know New Trent has my back.
He is always crawling under vehicles, working in grease and dirt, and sometimes has to perform vehicle repairs on the side of the road in the rain. Needless to say, we needed a rugged headset. =)

6033	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The NewTrent iTorch (IMP52D) is a good looking, well built, slim charger that feels great in hand. It's substantial
- Dropped calls when a Call Waiting call is ignored.
6133	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I used the battery many times , it was helpful , but I thought that I can recharge my IPhone more than 3 times.
2670	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Just as cheaply made as it looks.

1666	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This unit replaced a Motorola HS850 conscripted by my wife :-)

5356	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased my Blackbeery 2 weeks ago and it was very obvious that I needed a better case than what came with it.  I researched many different cases and decided that this was the ticket.  It arrived promptly and I immediately put it to use.  The first thing that I noticed was how rugged it was.  The entire set up is worthy of the extra money spend.  I have piece of mind knowing that my Blackberry is well protected and it is fully functional with this case.  Excellent product.
A737 AS AN MP3 PLAYER: 1 star

2103	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Looks just like the factory replacement item and works well. I would recommend this product to others as well for the price.
Everything needed for installation is included in the box. The instructions are particularly helpful because they included both written and clear graphic instructions, which precluded the need for an installation video. The kit comes with relatively short 3" Mini-Magnetic Mount Antenna that is mounted on top of the vehicle. Mounting an antenna on the roof of my car using only a magnet seemed insufficient at best. However, I soon discovered that this antenna sports a pretty impressive magnet. The instructions include several location recommendations for best mounting and reception:
7490	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy having this for my Iphone, it is easy to manage and arrange the icons on the phone. It works better than having to actually touch the icons yourself and leaving marks on the phone. I really enjoy having this item. I have recommended this item to my friends who have Iphones.

Cons: May require some initial practice to put it on the first times
3) The back of the case has a clear window to show off the Apple logo and the shiny back of the iPhone.

2453	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	These Motorola headphones are included in the V-Cast Music Essentials kit sold by Verizon and are worthless if you want to use them in anyplace that has any ambient noise. The earpieces are hyper-stylish flat discs with rather sharp edges that cannot seat in your ear at all (unless you have ear canals the size of dimes); they seat in your ear worse than iPod headphones, makiing it impossible to use them on, say, the bus. What they were thinking, I'll never know: using them in the car is illegal (both ears can't be covered) and they are useless for exercising: they fall out just sitting there, never mind trying to jog with them. Someone is going to make a mint making in-ear adapters; Motorola would be well advised to just offer a microphone/clip thing you can plug a pair of decent in-ears into in future.
3957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my wife, who has no integrated BT feature in her car. The set-up was easy. Out of the box, we were able to pair her iPhone in less than a minute. After a letting it fully charge, it was ready to go. The magnetic mount makes it easy to place/remove it when running in and out of the car. The magnet's also strong that it makes it feasible to open the mic using only a 1-finger, simple push pops it out. Based on her feedback, it's easy to use and the speaker is loud. I've talked to her while she's using it and I could clearly her her. She loves it and I'm glad I chose this product.
-The earbuds are small enough that they don't get caught when you take off your helmet.
7549	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very good & heavy duty.  Would LOVE if it had a rotating clip instead of just stationary one but is very usable like it is.
2649	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	When I first used it, I thought this one is going back to where it came from! Everything looked flimsy and designed with no regards to the Human ears, and the sound quality sounded like somebody was talking to me through a tin can. But I took a deep breath and decided to give it a chance. And here I am, got used to it.
quality is so much better with the Nokia.
I've had other batteries, but one thing I love about this one is its size. It is much smaller than a lot of other ones yet provides ample power for my devices. I don't feel like I need to make extra space in my gadget bag for this and its portability may be the best thing about it.
  Does't matter if its in his pocket or touches the Sceen.
All in all, I highly recommend the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset.  When I finally break or lose this one, I will look at replacing it with another Aliph model before any other manufacturer.
5880	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my Iphone 3G.  It seems every day I find something new it can do.  But all the function comes with a price - really lousy battery life.  The darn thing drains like a sieve when I use wireless - which is a pain as that is often the fastest connection and offers the best flexibility when using all those fantastic Apps.
6880	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The batteries are great - 1 star off as one of the battery blister packs was open and the battery was dead. For the price, I can't complain as the whole pack cost about what I would've paid for just 1 battery retail.
The CallerID with picture is a nice touch, but it doesn't fill the screen! You have a 3x2 in screen and when the callerid picture is displayed its 1/2" x 1/2 " What a waist of space.

If you have an iphone, you need an otterbox DEFENDER case (to protect against drops or crushing) and this waterproof otterbox - both under $20 each on amazon! Small price to pay to protect ones iphone investment! Would also recommend a capitative stylus, particularly the ones that secure into the earbud jack. VERY handy!
3938	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a great headset but the plastic ear cap does not fit very well. Volume, controls, and the fit of the headset are great. The only issue is the plastic ear cap will easily slip off. I upgraded from a Jabra BT500 and the ear caps on that headset fit much better. Other than that small issue, I would highly recommend this headset.
5650	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The igo products are very reasonably priced and versatile. Once you have the base charger all you have to do is replace the tip for your particular needs.
The Plantronics Voyager 815 is very light and comfortable. You hardly know it's there! The sound is great. I hear everybody, they hear me. The unit seals very well in the ear. In fact, when it is in your ear, and you are not on a call, it keeps all sound out. It took a very short time to get used to, but minor compared to all the other benefits!
2326	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this phone for my Dad. He is elderly and the new smart phones are a nightmare for him. Good to see they are still available and it was in great condition.

Overall, this headset is far from the great product many people have indicated.  I am still looking for the Great Bluetooth Headset.
8997	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am really impressed at how New Trent was able to fit a 5200mAh battery into such a small design.  I also like the fact that it has a charging/de-charging indicator and has the bonus of having a laser pointer and LED flashlight.  This would be the perfect battery to keep in a laptop bag for meetings or presentations.  I also like the fact that it is charged by a micro USB cable and doesn't require any special adapters.  I would rate it a 5/5.

While the red laser and super bright led lights on the device might come in handy in certain situations, since I wanted battery for charging my phone, I probably won't use them and deplete the battery for lighting very often.
I have a Samsung Galaxy Note II and was looking for a vertical holster. It's a large phone and awkward to carry on your person. I tried a horizontal holster which was just too big (it was designed for a phone with an Otterbox).
Highly recommend if you have a A2DP cellphone.(Low end models and ipods/iphones don't support this feature). So if you don't own a A2DP device this is not your item.
The case fits securely, and while the back is still a little slick (ie, doesn't have a whole lot of traction), it's still better than just the phone itself. I haven't dropped my phone since putting this cover on, so I can't say for sure whether it protects it from that or not, or at least protects it from popping off into 3 pieces like I did a few times before I got this case (phone, backing, battery, all in 3 seperate directions...gotta love when that happens). Anyway, I would certainly recommend this to someone, and the only reason I have it 4 out of 5 stars is because it would be nice if it covered a little more of the front, especially the screen, which for those of us girls who wear makeup, you can all appreciate something that prevents the classic "foundation smear" across your screen after you've talked to someone on your phone, especially on warmer days...which we have a lot of in Florida...
is the portable charger for you. At 5200aMh, it's half the size of New

8845	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	With this 5200mAh external battery you can use it to charge up your mobile device. I've had iphones since the beginning of time and towards the end of the life of the phone needed a power boost. I'd plug this in to the phone and it would help me to hold a charge for hours.
1. Battery doesn't hold a charge

1823	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this phone for mother's day from my husband, and it's great. It takes wonderful pictures when you forget your real camera at home. I took pictures of our daughter in the hospital, and it takes great in-door shots so her daddy could see how she was doing. My husband was thrilled to see the photos I took. The phone works great and since we live so far up north in the Redwood forests, we get clear, perfect reception. I was so thrilled with this new phone, I love it and take it everywhere. Comes with several fun things to add to the phone too. Try one out, you'll love it too. I haven't had anything go wrong yet,and I've dropped it a few times, with nothing breaking. I have the silver one, it's thin, comfortable to hold, and easy to dial, without trying not to hit other buttons in the process. My friends all want one too! So far, this is the best phone yet.


I've owned both now and, have to say that there are
9623	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT AT LOW PRICE
9217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this unit for my wife.  I've used this product for nearly tw0 years and loved it.  She was using another brand and it SUCKED, couldn't hear 1/2 the time...cut out at others...a piece of junk, so when it went down I just order her the H710..SHE LOVES IT.  I would recommend to ALL.

The only thing I find hard is "typing" on those keys because they are so far at the bottom of the device that it tends to pitch backwards because I have to hold it at the very bottom. I would love to see a phone where the display is at the bottom and the keys on top so I can hold it with my whole hand instead of my tippy tips of my fingers. I also end up not using the internet much because it's soooooo slow and you can only see a teensy part of the website at a time (unless you zoom out, in which case you can't read jack). But it's good for those times where you're out with friends and just need to know how old Sally field is (62, in case you wondered).

7370	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The phone is an excellent phone and all the features work.  I have owned four previous to this one.  Two were U.S. versions and two foreign versions.  The reason I ordered this phone is because U.S. Versions had a few features that the foreign versions didn't and U.S. English was used.  This phone is not a U.S. version.  It says Chine Mobile on the back and uses British English.  So, the advertising is incorrect.


8937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP52D, iTorch external battery is a nice option from NewTrent for backup battery for your smartphone. I personally have an iPhone 4S and my wife as an iPhone 4. It will also charge tablets as well (only at 1A so its can seem to take a little while to do so). Since the capacity is 5200mAh, it won't fully charge an iPad 4th generation but it does come in handy when you need a least 2 or more charges on your phone. The device is compact and is smaller than most smartphones (it is thicker but width and length are smaller) and is easy to carry around with you. The capacity would be enough to get your through some heavy phone usage on a long flight or a few days of camping if the phone was used sparingly.



Overall - this is a very well designed, comfortable & headset, and I love it!

Am using the air-vent clip option and it's sturdy and doesn't block the whole vent, so I still get air coming through. Love it, and great price. Will probably buy another soon for my truck.
1251	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	As a long-time Motorola bluetooth headset user, I can tell you from painful experience that there are fundamental flaws in the HS850.  In fact, I went through FOUR HS850 headsets (under warranty) before Motorola decided to upgrade me to the H700 (despite the lower model number, the H700 is a newer model).
132	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It stops working after 3 days and i won't recommend it at all. So look for another charger not this one
-it's not free?
Would you like to guess what HP told me?  If you guessed "Call Motorola", you win the cupie doll.  After calling both manufacturers repeatedly, begging for any input they could give, HP admitted that this headset was not one of a very small group of headsets specifically approved as compatible with the phone.  They added that not being on the list does not necessarily mean it won't work, after all it worked just fine for random periods of time (read: I very well could have a defective headset in my hands).
In contrast, I also have the Sony DRBT21G/B headset -- the sound there is richer but it is bulky and dorky looking when going to the gym.
3. Very loud.
I've had no troubles of any kind with my phone as well.  I have less than no interest in some of the features that some reviewers regret not having, like a camera.
This device appears to be well built, the mounting hardware is a nice touch, and it will charge my iPhone 3G via its USB ports. If you need the features this offers, but you're in doubt about getting this, I would recommend you go ahead and go for it. It's cheap but looks nice, especially if you have a black interior like I do.
People compare this phone to the iphone and, thats fine.
192	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it's a charger for dirt cheap and the shipping wasn't more than the item. I wish they had the batteries i needed as well for my phone. but great all an all
The charger on this unit is just dandy! (did I just say "dandy?") It keeps it fully charged and within easy reach at all times. I have two power sockets at my disposal in my Suburban, so I could afford to lose a socket to have it charging all the time.
3026	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This phone works best when plugged into an AC power supply. Thus for most users who may need to be away from power outlets for long periods of use, this phone is not a good option.
4319	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I'm a grizzled veteran of the BT headset wars, and I'm always changing to find the "perfect" headset. This is the closest I've come so far.
Pros:

7578	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The threading on the belt loop holder became loose (about 25%) after about 2 months or light use. That made the case completely unusable. I uploaded a picture of the problem after I tore the holder all the way off to illustrate the poor stitching.
3719	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great, just as described


This product is lousy and isn't worth a hill of beans.  I returned it promptly.
Suggestion 2: To prolong the life of your screens, continue to use your Blackberry case.
5198	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have an AT&T HTC Fuze phone and the Jabra BT-3030 works perfectly with this phone.  The earbuds are a lot higher quality than I expected.  Several things impress me about this unit.  The microphone on the dog tag picks up my voice very well, despite haning on my neck.  The controls work very well when playing music on the phone.  The distance the unit works from the phone is excellent as well.  I am partially hard of hearing and several of the people I talk to using this phone are also hard of hearing, yet, they hear me quite well and I can hear them clearly and easily as well.  I highly recommend this BT-3030 headset for anyone.  I am ordering a 2nd so one can charge while I am using the other.
 * After about 1/2 hour, blue light 2 is continuously lit - light 3 & 4 come on, one at a time, left to right, and stay lit until all 3 are on - then lights 3 & 4 shut off and the cycle repeats -
3730	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Provides additional outlets in this digital age for automobiles.  Easy to install and use.

UPDATE:  Stopped charging after a month.
8761	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Sound quality good, screen is absolutely unreadable.  Buy any other phone except this one.  I own one, thought of giving it away but didn't want to offend anyone else, not even an enemy.  I decided to bury it in my back yard, please don't tell the EPA.
M500 - very poor - lower than the 300, beeps
Apparently wind noise is very difficult to cancel- it makes me want to put a foam or fabric wind screen on it- that's the only problem I have with the sound.
8200	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	What can I say - Apple produces great products. I purchased the cradle for a 2nd Generation iPod that I found after years of being "lost". The product arrived in great time. Plugged in the cradle, docked the iPod and synched with not issues. money well spent on the iPod and the replacement cradle.
8700	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I just bought my fourth Motorola RAZR (April 2013) ...(this one was the RAZR V3i) since 2004.  I needed a quad band international unlocked version since I do a lot of travel overseas.  Once again for a great phone, yes without all smart phone capabilities that some might desire, this one still packs a great punch for the price. It does everything that you need in a basic phone for a great price and without all the hassle of buying into a Verison or T-Mobile plan !! I am glad that I bought a RAZR again.  Also, The texting capabilities were an improvement over the Motorola RAZR 3 that I still use.....but it will be my back up,if needed.
Also disappointed in the lack of a USB or AC charger.  My fault for not noticing that this only comes with a car charger - not very convenient for how we typically charge.
1479	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I waited to review this product to see if time would show it is no good, and it did not show me that.  This is the best blue tooth device i have ever seen or used and have already convinced 3 other people to switch.  The battery lasts for I would guess about 8 hrs of talk time and 2-3 weeks without a charge with me only using it a little each day.  The sound is better than using my phone and people can hear me without any static. The only improvement that I can think of is to put a battery meeter to let you know how much power is left instead of it just dying on you.  I just try to charge it every 1-2 weeks now before it dies and it is great.
7840	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I only bought this because my 3.5mm input is protected by my case, so I needed a smaller input to get in there, that's why I bought this. It works perfectly fine, but I occasionally notice some feedback/hissing noise, not always. I try to wiggle it around a bit or adjust the connection, to no avail. So I will knock off one star for that. I'll remove the case to my phone and use a regular RCA cord without this adapter and the hiss is gone, so it definitely is this adapter.

2635	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this headset because I had a scala 500 previously and was impressed with it (especially for the price).  This headset however turned out to be a disappointment.  I had used it with my Nokia 9300i, a BlackBerry and my land line using a Bluetooth adapter.  This headset can switch between two phones which is a big plus since I have a phone for work and my own personal phone - but it doesn't always work.  It usually works the first time and then doesn't reconnect until I power it off AND turn off the bluetooth on the handset and turn them both back on.  I did get the switching to work with the land line and my Nokia, but the headset didn't work well with the land line - too low of a volume.  There are also times the headset will disconnect for no reason although this only happened once while I was on a call.  I also get a lot of "can you repeat that" or "I can't hear you" which again is disappointing because the Scala 500 did not have these issues.  My headset also split along the plastic seem and had to be glued back together - the scala 500 I had went through a washer and dryer and still worked!  I just think the 700 is actually a step backwards from the 500 and therefore cannot recommend it.
Additional things to note:
There are also tons of sites on the internet to walk you through this, with full pictures and video of the replacement procedure.
5477	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I dunno what all the hubbub about use with the iPhone is about.  The only problem I have with my iPhone 3Gs is that it does not do forward and back track. That, however is a function of a particular bluetooth profile that the iphone does not support, not Kensington's fault.  I find this to be the a pretty optimal solution regardless of the track buttons. I jump in my car, glance down to make sure it's already repaired, hit the play button on the remote, and the iphone starts playing through my stereo right where I left off.  When I get out of the car, it pauses for me.  If I need to change tracks I reach in my pocket and hold down the home button and use the voice controls via the kensington unit to move to the another track/playlist/artist/album. Switching to incoming calls is seamless as well.

The light also comes with a laser pointer. I don't see the need for it in my application (maybe an SOS signaling light for long distances?), but its a nice touch and since this battery doesn't cost any more than comparable batteries its a nice plus.
The volume controls are pretty small yet still tactile, but they're so high up the body (one on either side, unlike the 200) that I either have to move the unit or press my ear cartilage to depress the button facing down - this is fairly minor though. Pairing the unit is quick and simple, but I haven't run into a headset yet that wasn't, including a couple other models I sent back. Turning it on and off is a 4-second hold on the main button, 1 second shorter than the 200, and for shutdown it makes a unique double-hang-up sound AND flashes blue then red. In terms of battery life, I haven't run into any problems, and it charges quick enough for me.
-  The on/off button feels a bit flimsy however, it could be better.
9674	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described.  Good value.
I barely got to use the Jawbone three times before the earplug into which the earhook slides came loose, exposing the wires.  I have cases for all my headsets to protect them and gingerly care for them.


4849	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what seller described product to be. Definately worth every cent.  I use it throughout the day, I drive for a living and need my hands free and this product is wonderful. I would Definately buy it again and have already recommended to family, friends and coworkers!

The only other phone that compares with this on the market is the Sony Ericson w800i, but is much more expensive and I have not had good experience with Sony Ericson phones. I have used Samsung for the last two years, I love the user interface and they are very durable. I even went into a spa with one and it still worked after drying out!
2954	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought one of these at O'Hare, when my cell phone gave me a low battery warning as I was waiting for my plane. No time to plug it in, and I didn't have a car charger cable that I could use in the airplane. So, I grabbed one of these just before I boarded the plane. I used it to make one last phone call, than threw the whole thing in my briefcase. My phone was fully charged an hour or so later. I keep it around now as a backup, in case I get a low battery warning at a time when I can't charge.

Such advice is best to purchase packs of 5, are cheaper than when you buy one, and if you have anything else you need to change, you will have replacement

OK. My review...

BATTERY: I turn on the Bluetooth and WIFI whenever I need them. The battery holds up for a full 24 hours for me, but I'd not go 2 days without charging it. I charge mine up every night, just to be sure. I don't have a charger at work or in the car. At this point, I don't need them.
350	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I puchased this battery combo for my wife.
2108	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pros:
  error to get used to.

1638	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This bluetooth headset works great and the only reason that I did not give it 5 stars is because sometimes it takes a little bit to establish a connection with my cell phone.  However, this rarely happens and have had this problem with other bluetooth headsets.  Setup is extremely easy and have had no other problems with the device.
OEM sent a counterfeit fake battery --- not OEM. How can you tell? Because Motorola OEM batteries are made in Japan. These say clearly that they are made in china. I had the same problem and returned the same battery from Wireless Phone Accessories and Batteries4Less.

Would I buy the Dash instead of the 8700g if I was buying now?  Probably.  Such is life when it comes to technology.  Always changing.
This item is definitely worth the money!  I love never having to worry how low my battery is getting because no matter where I am, I can charge it back up.



1878	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	BEFORE U BUY THIS DAM THING THINK ABOUT IT TWICE. THIS CASE IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ME LOOSING MY PHONE ON THE BUS DUE TO A LOOSE BELT CLIP BUTTON. MOMENTS BEFORE I GOT OFF THE BUS I CLIPPED MY PHONE ONTO MY BELT AND WHEN I GOT OFF TO USE IT IT WAS GONE. I HAD THE SAME PROBLEM BEFORE BUT VERY NICE PEOPLE HAD TOLD ME THAT I FORGOT MY PHONE IN THE PASSENGER SEAT I WAS SITTING ON. THE ONE TIME I DID NOT GET A WARNING WAS PROBALLY WHEN SOMEONE FELL IN LOVE WITH MY MOTOROLA RAZR V3T AND DECIDED TO KEEP IT. IF U REALLY WANT THIS CASE I RECOMMEND THAT U REMOVE THE CLIP ON FEATURE SINCE THIS COVER HAS THAT ABILITY, YOU JUST SLIDE THE BUTTON OFF THAT HOLDS THE BELT HOLSTER AND JUST KEEP THE PHONE IN YOURE POCKET JUST TO BE SAFE. LESSON LEARNED FOR ME AND FROM NOW ON I WILL KEEP MY PHONE IN MY POCKET. NO MORE BELT CLIP HOLSTERS SINCE THESE PHONES ARE SUPER NICE AND EXPENSIVE AND THERES A 95% CHANCE THAT YOU MAY NEVER RECOVER IT IF U EVER LOOSE IT!
596	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had the Samsung V205 and then I decided to try the E715 out. FYI to people with battery problems, with these kind of batteries, you must let it drain completely and then charge it.. kind of like building up your battery life and doing this a few times, it will improve your battery life immensely. I've been a T-Mobile customer for a while now and I stay with them because: 1) They are now no. 1 in customer service, 2) Great rate plans, 3) It works great where I need it the most!
9583	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We live in a rural area in a recent (2yr old) home with radiant barrier and concrete board exterior.  We have always had to go outside to use our phones and even then it was spotty.  I install the exterior antenna on our TV antenna pole and we now get 4 bars in our home office.  The suprise was we get 3-4 bars all though the house, and even on our front porch the signal is improved.  Very happy wish we had installed it 2 years ago.  Nice to be able to use the phones in air conditioning.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wilson-Electronics-Desktop-Adjustable-Gain-Cell-Phone-Signal-Booster-for-Home-or-Office-For-Multiple-Users/dp/B0014KOB6Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wilson Electronics Desktop Adjustable Gain Cell Phone Signal Booster for Home or Office  - For Multiple Users</a>
MODELS:
It can help but not for 100%. So IMO the price should be adequate OR 100% result.
I bought several cases and found one that fit, and used just the Clip.
3) The back of the case has a clear window to show off the Apple logo and the shiny back of the iPhone.
6998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased 2 of these on Monday they were delivered on Thursday. Nice fast shipping through the postal service. Product was exactly what we ordered. Will definatley order again for our BlackBerrys. We were paying $16.00 for one pack of these at the local Mall. . never again :)

8773	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It was OK and it did its job until I dropped it one time, it broke in 2 pieces...you get what you pay for.
4164	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Jawbone is a very good headset.  It works well.  I haven't had any problems with it.
The only downfall to the Palmone Treo's today, is price. That is because they are still new to the PDA phone market. Once they start making more and more phones, the prices will come down. And once they restructure their PDA manufacturing and company purpose in general, the prices will come down. I don't normally write reviews on phones, because I used to be a Die-Hard Motorola phone fan, and I guess still am. But if Palmone keeps making phones this perfect, then I will only buy their phones for the rest of my life! I can not say enough good things about these phones! Try one and see what I am talking about. Use it with Sprint PCS's $10 unlimited Visions access!
1268	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wonder how many of these bad reviews are results of fake products purchased off Ebay.  I had a hs820 and a hs850 that I thought were poor performers until I tried a genuine Motorola product.  I could not believe the difference in performance and just how good the fakes looked.  Just watch out, if it is from China or Hong Kong leave it alone...no matter the price.
1. It is bigger then most other devices.
After using this phone for a month, I am finding that this phone is a battery killer. Even on standby, and making no calls, it will run the battery down to nothing in about 8-10 hours. I live only a few blocks from a cell tower, and my old phone would last for days on a charge. Have purchased 2 new batteries (Motorola), charged them according directions -- with the same results. Not sure what the problem is with this phone.
1)  It's got Bluetooth, but you can't voice dial from a Bluetooth headset (at least, not natively -- there might be an app fix, but I don't know of one).
7043	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	That was a gift they still use it


Separating the unit on light from the battery capacity lights (I would think most people think all 4 leds represent the battery life and when charging the unit the first one is off)

9597	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Prior to installing the signal booster 12 feet up on the side of the house, under the eves, I had 1-2 bars with our AT&T phones and zero bars with my company phone (Verizon) inside the house.  The signal where I put up the outside antenna was 2 bars with the Verizon phone. We live approx. 3 miles from a tower and we have hills between us and the tower.
We recently took a several day road trip in a new vehicle that didn't have navigation.  First time we used the iPhone maps program, which after a while, noticed it was draining the iPhone battery at a faster rate than our ETA to our destination.  I plugged this unit into the phone, arriving a few hours later at our destination with a fully charged battery.  On this particular leg of our trip, we charged 3 iPhones on the one charge, with more to spare.  Totally pleased with the product, considering buying more for the wife and kids as they occasionally could use a spare charge.


5004	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good

1422	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I first bought the version of this headset that has a dongle for my PC to do VOIP calls. I needed it for work and used it A LOT, I really put it through its paces. It worked great for months, so I bought the version of this headset for my husband that doesn't have the dongle. Both worked for months. Then mine won't turn on. Customer service gave me some suggestions, none of which worked. They sent me a new one. I was delighted. The new one worked for almost a year then -- no power on, again. Then my husband's won't turn on.

6596	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't really work and I don't know if I was doing something wrong or what but could never boost anything. Maybe I did something wrong. And it seemed like it was a toy in it's quality. For that I give it 2 **.
-----
8300	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great dock for the curve.  You may not notice but the blackberry insignia on the front is actually an LED which lights up when the curve is in the cradle, charging.  Great for a bedside cradle if you use your curve as an alarm clock.  Also great for work.  Looks great.  This requires a charging cable which plugs into the back(sold separately).
2850	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excelent
Definitely a cheap and functional trick.


More than pleased with this product, and I would recommend it to anyone who uses their iOS devices frequently. You'll never be left looking for an outlet when you're out and about again.
Very study and well built

I initially tried the included pouch, Otterbox case, and the Seidio snap-on case.  For various reasons, I ended up with the rubberized skin as my "case" of choice.  It's simple to remove and put on, has all the proper cutouts for the controls, camera and charging port.  It provides a better grip than without it, but does pick up lint and debris.  The reason I got the dark grey over the black is that the lint does not show up as much as it does on the black.
Overall I am really pleased with the quality of the Voyager.
660	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Used in conjunction with a 15" cargo net to mount a Gamecube on the center arm rest box thing in my 98 Accord.  For this cause, it works perfectly.  Provides an apparently ridiculous amount of friction as the Gamecube has no sliding play in it at all.  Size is also perfect.  It's less than an inch wider than a Gamecube and whatever length longer.  Sufficient at any rate.  The only problem I have now is that I sometimes elbow the Gamecube's carry handle when I shift into second and, because this product works so well, it kinda hurts!

772	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works Great!
6796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good as advertised.
On the upside, as soon as we got the green lights, ALL OF OUR CELL CONNECTIVITY problems disappeared immediately. Various family members have a few different phones, 4g, 3g's and a cheapo pay as you go emergency phone which I'm not sure about. The 4g  phone now has full bars everywhere in the house all the time. The ones I know to be 3g is pretty much the same.. it occasionally goes down by one bar, but it's still 3 bars and no calls have dropped. On the cheapo phone, there have been no connectivity problems and no drops.  It's also worth noting that since we got it installed, we've had some really harsh weather.  There's been cloud coverage that completely kills our XM stereos and our neighbors dish network yet we've had no problems at all. B/c of that, b/c it does what it's advertised to do and does it really well, I'm very pleased with it. We've been fighting connectivity issues for a few years now and had always heard too much negative stuff about boosters to really give them a try.  By now we heard enough good (including Amazon reviews) that I figured it was worth the risk and i'm very glad we go it.  My parents live on an island on the coast of SC with really horrendously bad coverage and we ordered them a unit which I'll post back about once it's installed. My guess though is that it'll help.
4350	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this and a base type charger cause the wife-unit lost hers long ago. This one is pretty handy as she can carry it in her purse and recharge it in the car if needed (plugin usb charger required).

The case looks & feels as if it is actually a part of the phone,yet,should provide more than adequate protection against everyday use & occasional misuse/accidental bumps/etc.....
4634	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice for the price
The reason this has 4 stars and not 5 is that it fits the DROID X a little oddly.  It is actually somewhat difficult to insert and remove it from the case if you put the camera end down.  I find it to be almost a two handed operation.  That being said, it holds it very securely and will not fall out even if the flap was not closed.  With the camera end down, the flap closes completely and easily.  Also, with the camera end down you can access the top button on the phone as well part of the side volume toggle (probably enough to be able to press and silence the phone without taking it out of the case).

I just got another one of these for a friend, and after the second outing, it started acting up (it would operate fine for about 10 minutes, then "lock up" and would not respond to any commands or inputs from the buttons.  The unit has been sent back to Cobra, and based on past experience, I am hopeful that they will replace the unit without any fuss.  I'll update the review when I hear back from them.
8724	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I snapped in this trackball and it works great.  Mine was having problems I think because I had dropped the phone a few too many times.  It think that's probably the only reason I would have problems with this one.  At this price maybe I should order a spare to have on hand.
It's a 1.3 megapixel camera, which is pretty weak by 2007/2008 standards.  There is also no flash.  The camera actually takes decent pics, though.  I never even consider the camera on the phone when I buy it, but if it's really important to you, you probably want at least a 2 megapixel one with a flash...so maybe pass the Centro on by.
there is virtually no tech support and the knowledge base is non existance.
5524	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This product is so noisy and cheap I couldn't stand leaving mounted! Buy a better one. Don't waste your money on this garbage. O yea I bought two, both broke before use. And they were awesome enough to send me two more immediately!!  Nicely done guys!!
5925	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am very satisfied with this power pack. It is attractive and functional. I've burnt out 2 power packs that encase my cell phone and this power pack has out lasted and out performed them both. A must have if you game a lot.
3834	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The ultimate insulin pump case.  I use an Animas Ping pump, and the very worst thing about it is the stupid clip, which loosens up in a disturbing manner within days of replacement.
5202	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This found and synced right up with the Moto Q 9c.  The sound is clear and the mic does not need to be right up to your face.  I thought the chain may be a little long, but the mic picks up the voice just fine.  In a setting where the ambient noise level increases, you may need to bring it closer to your face to be heard.
9031	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a New Trent iTorch IMP52D 5200mAh External Battery Charger that I use with my iPhone 5.
What a waste of a phone.  My guess - this is totally a windows problem.  But then again, Palm is the one who decide to give this thing so little open memory to work with.  Probably why is crashes so much.
Hope this helps someone.

Pairing - I was able to pair this headset with my LG VX-9800 on the first try. The instructions in the manual are straightforward so I will not repeat them hear. The experience is similar to what I had with the BT250v.
I now no longer need to carry any bulky, ugly, power bricks with me to keep charged up. All I need is this little gem. Very nice Nokia !


4476	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product!  It is just what I had asked for to complete the project
If you decide to purchase this device, I would recommend going to the Garmin website to acquire the free map updates (one-time only) and other cool free stuff such as a huge selection of vehicle icons that you may use for your GPS.


5036	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect purchase.  I used this adapter with my Spigen Galaxy S4 case:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/B00G0CL2V8/dp/B00G0CL2V8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">B00G0CL2V8</a>&nbsp;in order to use some 3.5mm cables that could not otherwise fit through the case.  Note that a lot of the sellers of this adapter are located in Hong Kong and have a massive delivery wait time.  There is one located in New York that shipped the adapter promptly for only a dollar or so more.

3611	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This fit perfectly, great look. I I received the cover and soon after dropped the phone and bounced and  no scratches. Did its job.
Verdict:  THIS PHONE ROCKS, and it's so damn cute!

I also like using the voice command option on my phone which is great while driving. I just issue my command ... CALL [whoever] and it repeats my command then dials. Everyone says my voice is clear and there is no distortion. I can hear everyone just fine except those cell phones who should get a H710 with Noise Cancellation so I can hear them clearly. :)
OVERALL


This is too much trouble, is not friendly or fast.
For bluetooth phones or PCs it's only slightly trickier as you need to use the password which is "0000" but once they are paired up, all you need to do is select "connect" on the device to be listened to & then turn on the BT3030.
The only problem I currently have with The Trent is  that I somehow "misplaced it ~1-2 weeks ago" and though I've searched & searched for it, so far it has all been to no avail. Guess I'll be begging for one on Father's Day.

Thanks.

*Great bluetooth range and performance



Loud sound for a little package.
-Batter life is just ok



MP3 works ok - the volume is too low for me to really enjoy the music. The Windows Media player does its job, though.
3523	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We have used several of these on our galaxy phones. We ordered this one not because our other one wore out, but because my husband( a truck driver) had a black one and gave my daughter his old phone. It still looked new after 3 yrs! She wanted a "girl colored one" Lol  VERY VERY GOOD buy. we will never use another kind again.  The only problem Iv found with these covers is the lighter colors like pink shows dirt you cant clean off not even with bleach.
3244	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrive on time good case
N85 & N86: These newer models are sliders which look cheap. One of them has an 8mp camera, but no Xenon flash to accompany it.

8498	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love this item; although I don't use the belt clip I love the way it fits my device. It snuggly fits my palm!!!


Possible improvements:
note the phone is not factory reset so numbers,photos,media and call history were still in the device so i had verizon clear it and reset it due to a lock placed on the security settings recommend factory reset before selling any product just so theirs no issue on privicy
6773	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent


1928	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Practical and excellent design, beautifully made, the best pouch for cell phone I have ever had.
3) Phone: It makes phone calls well.  The sound is good, the reception is good, the speakerphone is good.  Its alarm and clock functions are fine, its internal phonebook is weak but functional, and it can text in an emergency.

Bottom line, I expected more from this phone with all the hype from Motorola. But that's what happens when you give in to the media I suppose. If you get this for free then I guess it's OK, but I would never pay for this phone.
Moto "Q" fits perfect if using the standard battery. With the extended battery & cover gets a little tight.

6265	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	the connection cord is a mini usb and it broke on me the first week, i have no idea how to contact the company
With the battery came a back cover (that does not have the NFC antenna in it, so NFC doesn't work; I really like the NFC feature, but don't find it easy/convenient/practical enough to use it enough to make its absence noticeable to me, at least so far), and a "case" that covers the back and sides of the phone. I was surprised to find that included; I guess I didn't notice it in one of the product pictures, even though it's there.
basic task. Form factor, for instance. The IMP52D is perfectly sized to



If you live or drive through remote areas with weak cell phone signals this is a nice backup unit to have.
It could of been a 5* but i recieved only one

But hey, if your PC has Bluetooth, you could pair your BT500 to the PC and use it for your Skype calls.  This works effectively as well.
7080	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My phone wasn't holding a charge anymore, so I hesitantly purchased this, thinking since it was so cheap I was getting ripped off, however, the product came as described and brought my phone back to life with full-battery power!
583	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	if you put your phone in it while the phone is on the heat from the device will create a little condensation inside. guess that means it is watertight and as advertised

292	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	awesome
605	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great phone by Motorola - leaps and bounds over the previous user interfaces.  I use the speakerphone all the time, along with the two-way text messaging.  I also like the different profiles, which enable you to quickly switch profiles for meetings (i.e. vibe only).  Believe it or not, I don't even use the direct connect features, as no one I know really uses that feature for personal use.  We just use text messages most of the time.  More than anything, I recommend buying the body glove cover/clip ... search for "Body Glove Scuba, i730".  It's like a tuxedo for your i730.
9714	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great fit super price

4445	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The battery I received was I ust as bad as the old one, unfortunately. These likely have been sitting in a storage facility since the time slim Motorola cellular phones were popular (ie, years and years ago). I guess that, within reason, I should not have expected better. I am not looking forward to telling my mother that it is not worth exchanging.
Now, for the phone....It's got close to as sensitive reception as my old i1000 plus, which had AWESOME reception. The speakerphone on this model is EXCELLENT, definitely an improvement over the other Nextel models. Battery life is STILL on the "fairly horrible" end of things...charge it every night or you'll run out in the middle of your workday on the 2nd day, especially if you use data features a lot like I do. Luckily, recharge time is VERY quick (under 2 hours with mine) with included rapid charger.
-Pair-swap feature is amazing.  I can have easily switch the connection between my Blackberry and my Playstation3 by simply pressing the rocker button twice.

6411	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent screen protector
I decided to give the Jabra a real-world torture-test right out of the box.  We recently purchased a new smart fortwo -- the European micro-car that has just gone on the market in the USA.  It is definitely much louder inside than our other cars, as the engine is directly behind the driver's seat and these cars have very little sound-deadening material.

4182	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The Jawbone bluetooth headset is not really made very well and is a lot worse than people seem to give it credit for. Parts fall off after a short time and it is very cheaply made. It looks metal but really is cheap bendy plastic material.
4866	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My husband has gone through at least 3 headsets a year cause of compatibility, or over use.  He didn't have an issue with motorola headsets at all so we finally got him a phone that was compatible with motorola and he is very happy with the product, great clarity, ease of use, comfortable, just don't purchase via amazon...shipping sucks and they don't stick to what they tell you and expect you to just sit back and forget about the product you purchase.
3138	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	heed the warnings! You get what you pay for. low quality plastic. vent holders barely stay on and often the phone mount just falls.  the base where the phone sits on is too small to hold the phone in place. flimsy. spend your money elsewhere!
3553	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Product for the price
It does not offer the noise reduction I expected (hence the 4 stars). Otherwise it is great.
6780	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Original
  The voyager supports two bluetooth devices at once, it decides which one is active at the moment and uses that one. I have found no issue with this.



6988	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It takes some talent putting these babies on....But once you got it, you're golden!!! Usually you have to waste one, just to get the hang of it :) Good value, considering....

7361	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	THE PHONE WOULD NOT WORK. IT KEPT ON LOOSING SERVICE. WOUD NOT WORK PROPERLY. I PURCHASED 2 OF THE UNLOCKED PHONES AND NEITHER ONE OF THEM WOULD WORK.

6842	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK, silly to write a review on batteries...they either work or they don't.  These are fresh batteries that do what they are supposed to do.
The only issue I have with this device is the reliability of the voice-recognition.  It usually understands me correctly, but sometimes it will ask if I said call someone else.  It is worst when the battery level is low.  Plug in the charger and it works normally.  This is the same issue I had with my Motorola phone, so probably the same software (Motorola, take a hint to improve on this).
3) Windows Mobile has advantages and nice things about it but it is still NOT an optimal OS for mobile use. It is amazing that many tasks still require you to use a stylus or take an absurd number of keypresses. For example, if you want to simply save a number in your phone log you can just navigate and save. You must pull out the stylus, point and hold, and wait for save as to appear. Sure this isn't horrific but it becomes very noticeable when you do this regularly. If you ever used a Palm OS phone you will wish you could go back. Knowing Palm they will not improve the system in time and in a year or two Microsoft will FINALLY get this right.
9768	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great...



Perfect phone and deserves 5 stars maybe more than that...
6894	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	work very well.


great having it along. Between my iPhone and the iPad, we had plenty to
8830	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Charges my battery faster and keeps it charged while using my Ipad.  My Ipad is old and the battery I think is wearing out.  This adds more power.  Worth every penny

8354	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These come in handy to keep track of flash drives or any small items that you can hook onto.  Could also be used as a zipper pull.
But a little experience shows that this Regulatory Cost Recovery Fee is a marvel of innovation that is packed with value!
- The size and feel is very comfortable to hold so it makes great use as a flashlight or laser pointer, plus is it small enough to be very portable.


4428	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this product.  Just as described.  Arrived in the time specified!  Pleased with this purchase and would suggest it to anyone else!



On a full charge, the 5200mAh battery can recharge both a smartphone and 7" tablet from 5% up to 100%, and have a little left over for topping up. The size of the battery is a great balance between physical size and charging ability.
 B) Phone comes out easily by turning the phone to its side and replaced by using the same method.

White adapter received from seller "CRONUZ" - 1 star:
to say(e.g) "home" or  "work" to select one of the numbers.
5654	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works, better price than anywhere, most stores want eleven bucks for this. Get one if you need it. why do I have yo type sooo many letters now to review a product Amazon?? Im gonna get tired of this and quit reviewing!!!!!!!!!


9123	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Unpacked it and plugged it into a charger. The second, third and fourth LED's lit up. Seemed to be charging OK, and external LED and laser light worked fine.

I got my hands on this yesterday and was able to use it twice to test it out on my galaxy tab 7.7. .. The itorch feels really nice to hold.  The itorch is the upgrade from a powergen 3200mAh.  The powergen has a built in flashlight and a microusb cable, which i really like, but i can only charge my galaxy tab for 40% over 4 hours.  The itorch can charge my galaxy tab directly too.  My main concern is that the itorch can get pretty warm while charging.  I am a bit concern about this.
610	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you need to be geographically challenged and learn, this is the one.
8089	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love the BT3030. I use it with the Jabra A120s on my iPod as well as with my Cyber Blue Bluetooth USB dongle.



7915	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
Anyway, it is good one, you can talk to 2 hours meeting several times with one time full recharging.

832	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great quality. I like these better than the LG or some of the cheaper versions I have tried. So far I find these comfortable and easy to use. The call quality seems to be perfect as I've had no complaints as I did with the other bluetooth headphones I've tried.
But thus far, despite a few complaints, I love this phone and it has worked very well for me.
There is a "pouch" at the rear of this "holster" as I call it, which accomodates an extra battery .. but the bottom is also open, so battery could (and did once) slip through & fall. Easily remedied with some Barge leather glue and a strip of leather available at hobby store for $2.99 for 3 feet of it. When wearing on your belt, natural "tension & pulling" will cause the stitching to be strained, so I reinforced weak points with the same bits of leather. Put the Barge cement on both surfaces, let it "tack up" for 10-15 minutes, and attach. It will cover the stitching, and provide extra strength. I'll try and attach a photo of what I did both to the OLD case and this new one for extra "OMG" strength. This should answer the concerns of a previous reviewer.
1979	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This product it is just a waist of your money. Not holding any charging.
2090	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I've owned virtually every Treo since Handspring sold the ingenious device to Palm and unfortunately the company and its executives have done nothing but milk every dollar they can for their bonuses and kill the franchise in the process. I really wanted to like this phone and tried every workaround. Unfortunately it goes back later today for many of the reasons Alfredo Gomez refers to. Other than a reasonably good form factor and hardware - which other companies have now caught up - Palm has made very few changes. DO NOT BELIEVE MOST MAGAZINE REVIEWS -- they are half done hack jobs by people who barely use the phone and write up their experience on specs and a day of usage. It's not the normal experience and I will explain.
-often times drops the bluetooth connection,
We could not decide which one to purchase for our mountain cabin so we ended up ordering both units and put them to the test. For our mountain cabin, we get 2-3 bars outside and can make calls and get data connections. Because the cabin has a metal roof, 6" walls and heavy insulation, we could not get any signal inside the cabin, so calls and data connections were impossible.
DOES NOT FIT MOTOR 360 2ND GEN SMART WATCH.
2664	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good

- If there is a way to attach this to the left ear, I am not aware of it.


Pros:

3574	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I will not go into the device specs, etc. since I am short on time; and that information can be acquired elsewhere.
9935	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Been using this daily for a few weeks now. Fits a Blackberry or iphone 5S with Magpul case perfectly. The metal clip on the back connects to one or two rows of the three available PALS webbing. I found that I could clip to only the top row of webbing so the holster hangs a little lower, below the hem of my jacket. Heavy nylon and double stitching, I expect this to last for years.
177	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product as advertised an original OEM part. Works great. I used this on both my cars and have not had any issued with it.
-Battery cover can creak as you press buttons on the phone, making the phone suddenly feel and sound uncharacteristically low-quality

A note of advice:  don't buy one without adjustable gain, and *never* buy a used one.  (I initially ordered a "used" one from Amazon and received a "DOA" unit that was missing some parts and did not have the adjustable gain as pictured in the ad... in my experience, its not worth any amount of savings to end up wasting time & money on the wrong model, or worse, a potentially abused/defective unit that won't last very long. Always buy a new one, mount it properly so it runs cool, and it will last & pay for itself year after year)



6171	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The New Trent iTorch IMP52D adds an LED flashlight and (red) laser
4888	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased the H710 was amazed with the sound quality ,the volume and the comfort. I had purchased other bluetooh headsets from jabra, motorola  etc, and by far this is one of the best performing headsets. The H710 is next upgrade to the H700.
2130	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like the case very much. The quality of the leather and clip seem good. I have had one other case that had a stronger magnetic closure--that would be my only suggestion.
Even though I can't take this headset back, I'm purchasing another one because this one is pretty much useless if the intent of it's design is to have a simple to operate, hands-free and safe method of communicating with your cell phone. The BT350 simply doesn't meet any of those standards.
Second, is it makes this weird noise when on the phone, such as radiowaves or something. It is normal with all razrs I hear, but have not had this problem until I had a rwazr and all other moto phones have not had this problem. So I'm thinking YEP razr.
649	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	it's a sticky pad, used to keep phones or whatever from sliding all around the car.
8613	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Just what I was looking for


It looks good, feels nice, and protects the phone for like what $7? Best buy.
3788	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these and hardwired them in two different vehicles.  The USB charging ports charge and power every device I've tried.  The quality of everything is very high, this includes the cable, cig. lighter plug, and the unit itself.  The fuse in the rear of the unit makes it an excellent placement if you hardwire it.  To hardwire it, get a "add a fuse" and a "cigerate lighter splitter adapter".  Chop off the sockets.  This is cheaper than getting a single socket with bare cable.  Strip and crimp the center wire (positive and usually marked with a strip or white marks on the cable but use a DMM to make sure) to the "add a fuse".  In the vehicle, find a fuse that is same or of higher amperage than the fuse with the "add a fuse".  Remove it and insert the "add a fuse" and insert the removed fuse in the "add a fuse".  Strip and run the other wire to ground (bolt or screw or something that is grounded).  Route the cable of this charger to the socket and insert.  If you want the charger to turn off with the car, find a fuse of a device that will turn off with the car or if you want to leave it on all the time (may not be a good idea) find one that stays on all the time.

2973	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been testing 8 headsets and to my surprize, this little thing has better sound quality than 7 of them! (The one exception I'll explain) First of all it's super light and fits so well that you'll forget it's in your ear. Really! It feels so snug that it doesn't feel like it might fall out, unlike many others. (Forget that optional ear loop thing. It made it worse.) Second, when it needs recharging there's no need for plugging and unplugging wires. Just set it in it's case and close the lid. Take it out when it's done. (The case stays plugged in. No messing with the wire.) Third and most important to me is the sound quality. I compared these 8 headsets: Plantronics Voyager 510, Plantronics Explorer 320, Jabra BT8040, Jabra BT500, Motorola HS850, Motorola H700, Jawbone, Samsung WEP200. I compared them head-to-head by pairing two at a time, putting one in each ear, and switching between them while on the same call. This lets me and the caller compare the sound quality for both of us. I do this in a few different environments with a few different background sounds. This puppy sounded clearer than all the others except one and specifically in one situation. Here's the exception: loud background noise. Now hear me out, I work in construction and background noise is a huge issue for me at work. I've never found any headset that handles background noise better than the Plantronics Voyager 510. Not the Jawbone or anything else. So for me the Samsung WEP200 won't work. Mostly because of the background noise, but also because it's cute red color would make me stand out like a bullseye at a firing range. But, it's not for me! It's for my mom and she loves it! (and she won't be doing construction anytime soon) So if you don't have a noisy environment then I give this an A+. Yes, it sounds hollow in a car. Yes, if the wind blows straight into it the caller can't hear you. But I haven't found one that doesn't do that, and this has clearer sound than all of them. (With my one exception) Oh, one more thing. It has 4 hours of talk time which is less than the others (they range from 6-12), so if you talk a lot, for the price you can buy two. Charge and pair them both and you'll have a spare.
Since I am a power user with my phone, the battery drains quick and its nice to have the IMP52D around to give it an extra charge. I can now get more than a full days use out of my phone without worry. The IMP52D also does a great job of holding its charge so it is very reliable. I would recommend this battery back for anyone that needs daily extra power for your phone, tablet, or other USB devices.
1852	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful Shish Kabob set! I hate being wasteful and we have a big package of the wooden sticks but I'm tired of them splintering or braking. These metal ones are perfect. They're stronger, stainless, washable, plus I'm not worried about braking them when trying to get tough pieces of fruit or potatoes on which means no hand punctures and no more wooden splinters in food. The bonus rack that comes with them is awesome as well, since I can still cook in the oven when the weather isn't cooperating to run the grill, (or when Jeff isn't here since weather or not, I don't operate the grill. lol). Plus, the way the rack folds up makes it very convenient to store in the silverware drawer. Although the roasted marshmallows I tried in the oven eventually split and fell off (only due to lack of turning), they still got that flavor that made them perfect for Smores! I'm excited that I was able to receive this item at a discount in return for my honest review; but even without the discount, I would definitely buy these again.
468	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	bought this to create my own removable case by attaching it to a smart phone case without a belt clip. works perfectly. bought more to have extras in case the clip breaks or is misplaced. the nub holds well with the provided adhesive strip and will detach from device or its case if put under great stress -- which is good since the entire case will not become useless if the nub becomes detached.

8833	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Needed that extra back up when on the road and at all day trade shows and this New Trent product does it all!

5431	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought the n82 a month ago. It's a good device,
1794	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	One person said in a review "While this phone is thin, it is too bulky to handle, and seems flimsy."

* 3.5mm headset jack, infrared port w/send/receive utility, FM tuner.
It comes with many great fetures such as an organizer, bluetooth ect...
3174	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works perfect for a hands free car solution . . . . magnet very strong. . . i have it attached to my phone case.
- Style - I like the feel and build of the charger, very solid, even comes with a handy felt carrier to put the charger and cords in.
+ Good sound quality
KEYBOARD AND BUTTONS
8)  Completely re-charges in about an hour, maybe less.
and the item has nice hefty weight, not a cheap plastic. The chart
6103	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have used this charger primarily for my Nexus devices and they have been performing well so far. I charge Nexus 4 and Nexus 7 using this charger when I am traveling or there is no power outlet available. According to my approximate estimates, this charger charges Nexus 4 completely (starting with no charge left) within 2 hours 45 minutes and there will still be almost half the charge left in the charger's battery pack. It charges Nexus 7 up to 83% (starting with no charge left) within 7 hours. So far so good and I intend to keep using New Trent products in future.

-  Silver edge is a nice and gives it a professional feel. Built with the business traveler in mind.
6724	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	WORKS
Cons:
3080	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had a Palm TX which I loved, but didn't like having to go to WiFi sites for the web. I also had a Moto V557 phone which is the best cell phone I've ever owned.  I purchased the Treo for the best of both worlds.
7255	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is a basic phone , and delivers on the service , good sound , battery life of 6-7 days ,I switched from my old nokia, i have used it for a month now and no complaints
YES, THE CAMERA: Enough has been said of the camera. It's all true. I can take a photo in pitch blackness. The infrared will shoot across a room to auto-focus & the bright Xenon will illuminate the room to take excellent, quality photos in complete darkness. This is no exaggeration. It has replaced my actual camera so I can carry less. I record all of my YouTube vids with the phone, too.
I've been on US Cellular and Cingular/AT&T networks for years and never used Sprint.  Sprint service is fine in my area, and the voice quality of the phone is nice.  The earpiece volume can be raised to high levels when in noisy areas and people on the other end said my mic has no problems and sounds like any cell phone.  The Centro syncs well with my Plantronics 640 bluetooth headset and people on the other end say I sound great with it.  After 3 weeks, I haven't been able to complain about the phone or data signal.  The addition of a WiFi radio would have been nice, but so far I haven't really missed it because of the high speed EV-DO network touted by Sprint.
Buttons are slightly hard to press... the multi function button, while large, requires a rather strong press, and I find the device being jambed into my ear. You can also choose to answer calls by sliding the boom mic out, which I find easier and provides (slightly) better clarity, for the party on the other side.

The v220 has very clear sound quality, great screen and excellent battery life.  My only problem with it is that there is NO SUPPORT from motorola for a data link cable.  The V220 connects via a small USB plug, but you have to order the datalink software & drivers from motorola before you can use it (another fourty bucks! And Cingular didn't stock it, only Motorola does, on a very remote part of their site).  I got my software on a file-sharing program because I've NEVER heard of a company charging money just for DRIVERS!!


766	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time as described. Fit well. Would buy again
3644	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Whenever I've purchased a case for a cell phone I've had mixed results.  Many either don't fit, are poorly made, or have other major issues.  I've very pleased with this cases.  It fits the Droid X perfectly.  Not too loose, not too snug.  (like most leather cases, it might be a little snug for the first couple of days until it get's broken in) It has a nice, removable and very functional belt clip.  You can remove the standard belt clip and underneath is a swappable belt loot to attach it to a very wide strap.  The magnetic closure is very secure.
6. Four stars for ear inserts ( needed one size smaller than what it came with for my ears as the smallest insert will not fit as snugly as it needs to for a perfect fit.....the headset sometimes falls off my ear when I lean over to tie my shoes or something and I would definitely not go jogging with it.
1. Excellent sound quality. Noise and echo cancellation works great. Very clear.


- Turning on the phone takes forever.
781	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very heavy duty
battery life is moderate - using AAA batteries, it lasts for a full day or so before needing fresh batteries.  The MHS350 on the other hand, will last a week or more of all-day use with its NMh battery pack, and it includes a back-up battery and dual-slot charger.
3) This device only works for the Ericsson's phone functions, not music, because the Walkman music functions use the "A2DP" Bluetooth protocol, and the 510 is not A2DP compatible.  (Yes, listening to music with just one earpiece could be lame, but I would love to have podcasts on my phone).  For A2DP, you need something like the Jabra 8010 or 8040.
This behind-the-neck design is genius.  The necklace? yoke? carries the slight but sufficient weight of the electronics and battery so the buds don't keep falling out of your ears. You wear it inside the collar of your shirt, with the arms laying down in front.
5591	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have had the w580i for 1 year, 2 months now and I have enjoyed using the phone and most of its features.  However, during that time I have experienced several quality issues.  One of them (the ear speaker died) was probably isolated to my unit.  But I also had my keypad crack twice. The cracked keypad seems to be a common issue with this model, just search online about it.  I had to send in the phone twice for warranty repairs. Now, the left soft keys (select/back) have stopped working. Another search revealed this to also be a common flaw also.  My warranty has run out, so Sony Ericsson will not fix this.  Fortunately, there is a workaround by pushing hard on the area between the navigation keys and the LCD screen (where there is either the 'W' logo or the at&t logo), then the keys will work.
6269	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Back when I purchased this it was doing an admirable job of charging my MP3 player and GPS. Times quickly change. Now everything is integrated into my phone and my phone is ONLY charged via USB.  In terms of longevity, this thing has paid for itself. When I'm on a plane, the extra power is generally used to keep charge at 100% while I enjoy an hour of casual gaming. Plane lands. Phone is still charged. Bonus: the A/C adapter is compact and useful by itself when paired with a USB cable.
3056	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product!  Way better than the case that came with my personal scanner.  Holds my personal scanner and accessories with ease having plenty of room to spare.  It's thick so I don't have to worry about the safety of the merchandise that it's storing.  Glad I made the purchase.
9151	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this principally for traveling but also for those days where I'm not in one place long enough to charge.  Overall it works great.  I have an HTC Thunderbolt and Rezound which are both not very nice to their small stock batteries.  While being subjected to constant gaming and video playback, this backup has been able to keep them both charged to at least75% at all times during 12 hour days in airplanes.
I believe blue lights 2, 3 & 4 indicate the charge available - when I first received the IMP52D, turning the battery pack on displayed blue light 2 - after about 3 hours of charging, turning on the battery pack displayed blue lights 2 & 3 - after about 5 hours of charging, blue lights 2, 3 & 4 illuminate when I turn the battery pack on -
2244	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Useful when mini-usb charger not available
it works well with SE TM506, can play music with decent sound
To the BlueParrot, please make the boom and headband longer and list phone compatibility in an obvious place on the website.



Overall, I am satisfied with the purchase, but not 100% - so I give it 4 stars.

5041	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	worked as advertised. good vendor. plug was pretty skinny so fit in case. not sure what else to say thanks.

Apparently disconnecting it from the power source does not guarantee that it is off. The thing was on the whole night. So you need to ensure that once you disconnect it, from charging you need to turn it off. The best way I found was look at my IPOD or Phone to see if it'll find it when  you scan. If it doesn't then it's been properly turned off and not on or on pause.
The phone does not do call waiting, if you are on the line you will get a busy signal when someone else calls. You will get about 5 hours of talk time and about 1 week of standby time. The contacts are saved to the sim card, not the phone, so if you upgrade to a new phone you take all your contacts with you. If you change the sim card, you lose all your texts and contacts.
6063	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This small battery backup charger easily fits into the palm of my hand and is not bulky in my pocket. The itorch charged my iphone in what seemed like record time.
183	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	In a nutshell, this is NOT an OEM charger.  Although it has the Samsung markings, it doesn't seat well with a Samsung phone.  This means that it's either meant for another market or it's counterfeit.  With that said, I wouldn't buy this again.
First, the good.  The sound from this headset rocks!  The noise mitigating technology is great.  I work in computer data centers the noise level often fluctuates.  The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.  It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.
I don't know how I lived without this. I can link it up with my wife's phone and my phone at the same time, or my laptop and phone. I use Skype and other microphone based programs on my laptop, and I can play (listen & talk) in online games, talk via Skype and still have it linked to my cell phone at the same time. Very very handy. If you multitask frequently I definately recommend this headset!
3. The range is farther than what they say it does (at least for me).


3543	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Otterbox makes one of the best cases there is.  I use them for every phone I get. The best thing is when I get a new phone I can still sell the old one because it still looks like new because of the otterbox.
I am sure there are other great sounding bluetooth devices in this price range that are better constructed and will provide less aggravation.  It's for that reason I can't recommend this product since its construction makes it completely unreliable.
9979	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Although these are NOS, the capacity to hold a charge is still intact. I'm a light cell user, but still, I get 2+ weeks between charging cycles.  Very good value.
2308	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I love the feel of the phone. The slide is a great feel and numbers are nice and large.


Detailed Explanation
4689	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	like the title says.
8677	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Yes, I know about the problems of the broken clips, and those are real if you sit in a certain way, but otherwise this is the best case for the properly sized BlackBerries.  It holds the device safely and securely while allowing easy and fast access.  The "sleep mode" works perfectly, too.  I have four of them in four different colors, which is a nice choice to have, too.  This case is highly recommended; just pay attention to how much pressure is put on the clip.
8497	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this case is a perfect fit. It snaps right into place and doesn't move one bit. You have clear touch to all your buttons, at least  I do. It does come with a belt clip which is optional to put on. You have one screw to hook it up onto the case. this is a nice option if you just want a hard case and not the clip. I haven't tried to take off the case from the phone. So I don't know if it will come off nicely or breaking in the process, I hope not to find out. Either way, for the price of this case, it's hard not to praise it.
Some of the other reviewers don't seem to understand what they bought.  They ordered a wireless plan on Amazon and didn't realize that it came with a Regulatory Cost Recovery Fee.  Then they were asked to write a review before they even realized what they got.

  but I hope this helps avoid the wasted moves I had to make.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Discovery-925-Bluetooth-Headset-Black/dp/B001630QZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Discovery 925 Bluetooth Headset - Black</a>

2228	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This Data cable allowed me to access my Nokia 6085 (Black) phone's memory and Firmware update using Nokia Suite, It does what it is designed for.


Returned it.

When we configure our IMAP server option for the Motorola Q phone owned by one of our executives, the Verizon system is "spoofing" the email address as if the messages are being sent from our email server. These external but spoofed as internal messages get blocked by our anti-spam filters.
mic is good
32	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My teenage daughter LOVED this case.  It is really pretty.
 Great device for keeping your smaller devices charged up!
The browswer feature is awesome. Edge-enabling means you have virtual 24/7 access to the internet, and to your email through the web or an Outlook style program.
6539	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Maybe I had a defective product. IDK. It didn't work. I have the small, gray box, Wilson mobile booster and that one works fine but in comparison in a poor signal area, I got 2 bars with my gray box and no bars with this one. It also became extremely hot. Way hotter than it should be. These boosters typically do get hot but this one was far past that line. My phone shut itself down after about 5 minutes from getting too hot with it. I returned for refund. Amazon was great with the return. No hassle return. Thank you Amazon.
2073	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I would have to be on the patio or by the windows to get a 2 or more bars, while I would get nothing while anywhere else inside my new apartment.  I decided to buy this on a friend's recommendation and I followed the simple instructions.  It works as it states. Now I get 3-5 bars and the antennae is just inside one of the windows.
2274	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	nice
1624	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	BEST BUY if you are looking for a professional looking Bluetooth Headset. No if's or but's.  I've been using this product for about 5 months now and love it.  Since then, I've suggested this product to several friends and familiy members and they love it as well.  Overall, with all the people combined, this product has been used on several different phones and so far it's worked seamlessly on every phone. If you wear a headset at work because of your work phone, you can buy the adapter which is about $100, and this 510 headset can be used at work as well.  Instructions are simple, easy to follow. Amazon's price was one of the lowest ($50). I would DEFINITELY buy this product again.
First, the good.  The sound from this headset rocks!  The noise mitigating technology is great.  I work in computer data centers the noise level often fluctuates.  The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.  It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.


The But....
Others have covered other features well enough so I will stop here.
3.  Display: The display screen has the magical powers of going black when the display light goes out (default is 20sec but I had to set it to 60sec to work with bluetooth). Ofcourse by pressing any key it will get back on.
2233	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was ordering a Blue Tooth headset when I saw this from the same seller....and I got it for $4.00!!!! Like another person said, it looks OEM, but heck, it's only a cable! I have a Nokia 6125 (a little tricky to connect, just line it up and take your time!) and I downloaded the software directly from Nokia (FREE) and followed the directions, very simple. What I like is that you can sent Text Messages through the phone while connected to your computer through the software when I do an office day from home. The connectors fit nicely and don't need to be forced into the phone causing any damage....like non-OEM products.  I also bought a car charger from these folks for $4.00 too!...and it came in the same looking OEM packaging as the cable. If this stuff is a knock-off, they're good versions of them! If you have a Nokia phone, get one of these and simplify your life when it comes to adding Contacts, moving photos around, and backing up your stuff on your phone....and you don't have to rely on the Cell Provider to do it!!!




8811	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had this little guy for roughly a month now and it's working great.  I'm using it to charge up my nexus 5 and it does the job.  It's small and compact so it's a perfect fit in my bag and I would carry with me all the time in case I ever run out of battery.  The best part about this is that it can charge up to 2-3 full charge.  I remember I was hanging out with my friend one day and I charged up her iPhone 4s and then my Nexus 5 the same day and both phone got full charge.
But everywhere I bring it people ask me about it and what it can do.




A word about Carriers: I only use GSM because I travel abroad frequently - this limits me to Cingular and Tmobile.  I have used both, and I have found that Cingular's network coverage is more complete, especially in rural areas, but Tmobile's network sounds better.  It's a tradeoff - with Tmobile, you'll drop the call more often, but with Cingular you'll say "what?" more often.  Their coverage is about equal in big cities and along major highways.  International roaming is less expensive with Tmobile, plus Cingular has a few hurdles in place that prevent you from enabling international roaming on your account if you've been with them for less than 6 months.  Verizon and Sprint use a cellular technology that is US-only, and therefore no good for using your phone abroad.
The screens are plastic, not titanium or kevlar. They should get scratched over time, and they should peel eventually. The purpose of screens is to prevent scractches that occur during regular usage. This can include dust or particles that get INSIDE your carrying case, accidently placing your phone face down on a counter, rubbing against things in your pocket etc.
- battery level indicator ( press both volume buttons)

3897	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I wasn't as impressed as some of the other reviewers, but it is a nice shower head. Didn't seem to increase the water pressure, but has a nice spray pattern and gets the job done.
Added info, May 3, 2017: Go to google play store or apple app store and install a signal display app. I am using one called "Network Cell Info Lite" that has a gauge readout on your screen with a fairly fast refresh rate to give you your signal strength in real time. Really helps you figure out were to place the phone in the cradle for the best gains. And it's kind of fun to drive with it turned on so you can watch the changes as you drive. I also got a new phone. It's a Samsung Galaxy S8, and it sits even taller than my old Motorola phone did. I made a new metal bracket for it, and it now sits around and inch and a half below where the cradle's pegs would have stopped it. A re-design of the bottom of the unit is badly needed. Get with it, Wilson!
829	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	ver good range, good sound but no alert to end of call.
After talking to a representative over email, he sent me this:
3162	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best device holder I've purchased! It has incredible hold for as much weight as the magnet will support. Having the holder come loose from whatever you stuck it to just isn't going to happen. I've had mine in my car for months and it hasn't budged. I have put many devices on the magnet and they all stay strong. The only complaint is the oval shaped metal piece is gold. It would be better for it to have been black. The smaller metal piece is significantly thicker than the oval shaped one and I wished it was a little thinner as well.
7057	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	perfect  works great
end note: Get the LG Rumor. It's a great phone, and although I've only owned two cell phones in my lifetime I think that's saying something. My first phone was a Virgin Oystr and you couldn't go to myxer.com because it wasn't compatible. If you get this phone I promise you won't regret it. Plus, it's a phone that not many people go for, I think. Most everyone is going after the iPhone or Blackberries which are too expensive/and aren't worth it from what I hear.
What else can you say about this? It's a skin that does its job and protects the phone as it should.
5283	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The item got to my house quick and it was on perfect condition. It works and I like it! So much better than paying 25 bucks in AT&T store!

7. The speakerphone is small and sleek looking.
The cable they ship can be used for sync or data transfer, but cannot charge your phone.

Only 2 stars since, I feel if a cell phone has certain features they should work.  Reception IS clear, however I'd ALSO expect less dropped calls for a 2 hundred dollar phone.
8788	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	really good quality, perfect state.

You can send and receive vcfs in e-mail attachments - but you can't always file them when you receive them. They are rendered well enough such that you can move the material manually.  This varies - as long as they have a filename that ends in .vcf and a mime type of text/x-vcard or text/directory, and otherwise are formatted correctly, they will get taken. But, some applications, for example, evolution, that great Linux e-mail application, does not give something that was never a file a meaningless filename, so the sidekick will not file evolution's vcards (unless you export them to a file and resend them with the right mime type).
whatever else I can throw at it. I was actually able to charge my iPhone 5
9862	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great service and great product!
5394	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it was exactly what was shown on the site, the fit was great also. It was worth every penny I spent
2337	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my fifth Razr V3. I use them both in Europe and the States regularly in addition to travelling in Asia and Australia. The last one got intentionally trashed after I left it in a restaurant. The one before that went through a washing machine.  Otherwise life and good performance is two or more years. This one was supposed to be an international version but it is an AT&T phone. The phone works very well, as expected.
Be weary about the device shutting itself down if there is too much RF in the area of the antenna.
5241	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Very light and kind of flimsy.  It keeps my cell phone and remote organized next to my bed, but you can't run the charge wire through is as if you pick up the phone the whole station comes with it.
8638	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love driving ragtops - the wind in your hair, the sun on your face - but if you use a cell phone and need a headset - you are pretty much out of luck. I got a great response out of the Shure Quietspot earpiece - but it was wired and had no control button on the earpiece itself - all calls had to be generated through the phone. It was a decent compromise. I tried a variety of Bluetooth earpieces but they either were too quiet on my end to hear through the wind noise, or the person on the other end of the call couldn't hear me. The Etyblu fixed that! The boom mic is clear as a bell and people don't realize I'm calling from a convertible. The sound quality on my end is great. I did have some problems getting it to fit right. Frankly I had to use the soft rubber insert with the earclip to get it to stay in right - the flanged in-ear adapters just didn't cut it for me. However, it is easy enough to put on and it is worth the extra second to use it. There is occasionally a slight bit of static noise, but not much. Battery life seems really good so far. I am really pleased with this device! If it wasn't for the fit issues I'd give it a solid "5" but it's really better than a Four in my book!
*The phone is a little on the wide side to dial comfortably with my thumb
7204	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got these in the mail not to long ago, there perfect.  Not poor quaility, good sound, and mic.  I don't use it for workingout or with my cell phone. I use it with my laptop so it works perfect for what I wanted it to do.  I am thinking about linking my ps3 so I will have another headset.  All in all it gets the job done.
6)Battery life. My informal test on this is that it can handle upto 4-5 hours of talk time.
About the blue LEDs on the side.  It may be nice if when the battery is charged, if the light turned off and maybe would turn on when you turned the unit on to show the power level.  As it is, that LED is bright in the bedroom, stays on as long as it's plugged in, and I had to put the unit in the enclosed case while plugged in to dim the light so I could sleep.  It is quite bright in a dark bedroom.
This was fine for awhile, but the connection got worse and worse. (HOW?!?!? IT"S DIGITAL!!!) I would constantly hear "it's doing the robot voice" and have to reconnect to it. Battery life estimation was horrible and the voice prompts are too long. Now, the speaker has finally blown completely and everything is distorted.


-Good sized, easy to use buttons
9135	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I picked up the iTorch as a 'just in case' gadget. I am glad I did. The family went camping this weekend and we were out in the middle of no where in a tent. We had cell coverage, but no way to charge iPhones without going back to the car. The IMP52D came worked out perfectly. It was able to recharge an iPhone 4 twice and a Kindle Fire with 1 charge. I cant be totally exact on how long the charges kept because the kids kept plugging their devices into the iTorch, then taking them off 30 minutes later.
I bet there are better options. Maybe these aren't the real Jabra headsets?
4416	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Thank youy so much!
Cons:
Since my corporate system is based on Windows, I needed a Windows Mobile software unit to sync with my corporate requirements.  I was amazed with how quickly I was able to sync with my work units, how quick the interface is, and how accessible my emails and corporately based data is now available in my handset wherever I am in the US or world (mostly).  All my contacts, my calendar, and all incoming emails appear in my handset within seconds of arriving at my office computer.
I said originally that I use it to make calls, and that's what I do today. Only today, it's hooked up to my Bluetooth in the car, and it stays in its little cubbyhole and doesn't see the light of day except for its weekly charge. It's really too much trouble to take it off Bluetooth, so we do all our calling from the car, and even that's not much. Our kids all all back in this state and within an hour of us, and chatting doesn't seem to be anyone's style nowadays. It's not a smart phone, but we're smart people: we now prepay for a year and, although we ended up with 120 hours per phone (my wife has the same one), we're also running $500 less than when we paid monthly. And Verizon has even gotten better. I haven't found a dead spot in this mountainous area except for Sequoia National Park where I didn't want to talk to anyone anyway.

I'm definitely glad that I bought this battery!
7588	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I do not have a Galaxy Note, I was just looking for a really large case. I have a work and person phone that I need to carry at all times so I was looking for something big enough to hold both. I found this and thought it looked great, and it definitely did look it when I got it. However after a couple weeks I can tell its not.
6042	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to charge my iPhone 4s and the kids ipods while on the road.  It is working well and boasts an additional 24 hours of talk time, though I can't say we've expended that yet.  It is confusing when you open the package - there is a little 4" USB cord male/female.  It basically looks like a very small USB extension cable.  Please note (and you wouldn't know this unless you read the 'instructions' back to back - according to the directions, you MUST use this to extension to plug most (all?) of your USB cables into to prevent damage to your unit - honestly, I don't know why this would be, but I won't risk trying since they sent the needed cable).  Sleek unit, much nicer size than the older versions.  We have a total of 3 New Trent batteries (one for each of us) and this one seems to be quite a bit nicer than the 2010 versions.
893	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great price on these headphones. I use them to garden/work in the yard so I can wear a hat and still have good ear protection from the noise of my small engines. I can answer calls, play/pause music, control volume etc... It's best feature as advertised is the RANGE. I get really good range for this device. I'm not realizing the 150 ft advertised distance but I am getting way further than I ever have with other bluetooth devices. Keep in mind that getting the maximum range is line of sight but I have kept my connected phone in the house and the headphones on outside without a problem.
the VM coverage where i live is better than ATT and t-mo and VM costs less than VZW
1475	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good Price, effective product. A bit bulky, but comfortable and practical.
I have used it several times now and it will fully charge my android phone, twice!


If you want something that actually protects your phone, I felt much more comfortable using the Tire Tread case by igadgitz. Not only is it a thicker soft rubber that will protect my phone if I drop it, the tread design makes the case extra grippy so it doesn't randomly slide out of my pocket or off a table.


As you may expect, I charge my 855 when I'm not using it. I've only had it run out of juice once, and that was after a very long session of listening at relatively high volume with the stereo bud in. It charges up fast, and goes for a longer time than it ought to. If you want to listen to podcasts on your mobile, this is the best piece of hardware out there to do just that.


-Version 4.1 O/S

4591	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good quality sound with almost no interference.  nearly as clear as my jawbone which was cost much more.
1393	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my 3rd BT Headset. Out of all of them I like the Voyager the best....the reason is the Voyager has the best voice quality....very clear and loud enough for anyone. That and it fits either ear really makes it for me great. I also have a Motorola HS820, it's pretty good, but lacks some things that the Voyager seems to have down better.
5063	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've used the N75 phone on Cingy/AT&T for about a year and this phone uses the same Symbian 3rd ed OS. So I still have the same gripes about that but..
Its been a great BT headset for me.
4563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After considerable research, I finally took the plunge and purchased my first smartphone, Motorola's Q Global 9h.  I had used a PDA off and on but was disenchanted with docking stations, stylus usage, and carrying both a phone and a PDA.  I am extremely pleased with this purchase but bear in mind, I have not owned other brands.
1. First, they are extremely easy to install, unlike the plastic film protectors, they are easy to line up, and you get no bubbles.
3315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've purchased this cable back in December 2011.  I've used it without any problem for about 4 years.  Starting few months ago, the screen would show black and white and I had to wiggle the cable connection by the WII unit then it would show fine.  Today (2016/2/21), wiggling didn't help. I bought this back then for little over $4 and it's well worth it.  Looks like the price of this cable has gone up high and there are other options at lower price, so I've just ordered a different cable for right around $6.  Hopefully it will last another 4 years without any issues.


HIGHLY RECOMMENDED...

2) Quality - Of course I just bought it, so longevity is not measured here, but a number of people talked about the poor quality of the connectors (and the security of the leads inside them) and the unit itself. It all seemed to work quite fine and it seemed sturdy enough. And I did a lot of plugging and unplugging. It's not designed to survive airplane crashes - so set your expectations correctly, that's all.

pro:
If you have a full body shield on your phone, it can peel off while removing the case.
Overall i'm happy with them and would recommend them to anyone that is familiar with behind the head earphones.
3406	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I couldn't see any difference between this and the original cable.  I checked it out for both, playing Wii games (RE4) and watching movies via Netflix and I can't tell any difference...complete waste of money vs. the original cable.
I read some reviews on amazon and they said it seemed plasticy and fragile.  Of course it is made of plastic and what bluetooth isnt?  I would actually rate the look and feel of the jawbone higher because it is think and doesnt feel light and cheezy like a lot of other bluetooth's.
9720	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent batteries I use in different watches
the last working one also failed.
for me.
Rather than type a lot of detail, I'll simply say, these did absolutely nothing. If I had one bar before, I had one bar after. Two bars before, two after. Zero? Definitely zero after. This was true on a Dash, RAZR, and Samsung T629. Style, make or model did not matter.
It's a handy and informative tool to have, trifield is a well recognized name by many enthusiasts. I wish the price were cheaper, but it's solid unit, and should I don't see it failing ever.
It does take a while to charge, however with how many recharges/power it provides, it is understandable.

One other minor note, compared to the Samsung, the camera, while superior, has an external lens even when the slider is closed. Some may consider this an advantage, but the Samsung's slider covered and thereby protected the lens while it was being jostled in a pocket or out in the weather.
2.  I wear Glasses:  It fits Ok with them. The only problem comes when you remove your glasses with the Headset on; the Headset is prone to fly off. I can tell you that the unit is durable after several such flights.
the sync locked up and i could not get it back up until i disconnected the battery for a few days.
PRO :  switch is on the cigarette lighter plug if your lighter is always hot and you need to turn it off
6. Battery lasts a long time, another characteristic of Nokias

9619	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great purchase

The Fix
1308	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I couldn't wait to get my new bluetooth.  Took about a week for it to come.  New packaging, and everything looked great.  I love how it looks, so sweet.  It feels like I don't even have it on my ear.  But I hear some static and my caller says the sound isn't very loud even though I have it on the loudest setting. I am using it with my lg VX9900.  But for the money I paid for it was okay.  My other bluetooth headset was the Logitech Mobile Freedom.  Not as loud as the other one but definetly more appealing.

6260	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have used this to charge my garmin nuvi, blackberry, motorola droid pro, Plantronics pro bluetooth headset, and iPod touch. It works reliably. I even leave it charging inside my computer bag with my phone as I go through the airport and on the train. Overall, I highly recommend this to keep your small devices charged. I have charged my droid pro several times with only one charge on the IMP500.
1. Great noise filtering. The microphone does a great job of filtering out ambient noise including wind.
At 5000mAh rating, it should provide several recharges to the iPhone without needed juice itself. I now have no hesitation at going on an overnight hike, and even using the iPhone GPS unit for navigation as I know I have a couple recharges left. As time passes, I hope I will be able to report more on the durability of the unit and also how well the battery retains it's rechargeability and life.
7996	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Item was priced well and delivered in timely fashion but I can't find the correct driver to make it work with my phone.  I've email the company with no response.
Some of you probably want to know about how it charges.  I use mine quite a bit for both personal and business, and it isn't rare for me to wear out the charge before the day is out.  I've only managed to drain my Jawbone twice, and it charges so quickly that I was able to use it again within an hour or so.  It comes with a cable that can charge through an electrical outlet or a USB port on a PC.  It does not have a car charger, but since I have a power inverter for my car, I can simply use it to charge it while driving should the need arise, so this isn't a deal breaker for me.



For now, this cheap Motorola-branded BT-51 batt is...what it is.  It fits, it charges, and it appears to work. Only time will tell if it really is much of a bargain.
charges in 6 hours so over night you don't even feel it.


The web browser is just ok.  I find that it loads pages much quicker than Internet Explorer on Win Mobile devices.  Unfortunately it's not quite as good as Opera Mobile, and definitely not as good as the iPhone's Safari (to date nothing is...not even close).
9782	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	These batteries only last a week each for my watch, which is a very standard one.
409	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality


9706	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Spend a bit extra and get these over the other cheaper brands.  Much better battery life.

False Positive, with no true value.
-Weakish flashlight. Not that I was expecting a true flashlight, but maybe something a little brighter.

 Dedicated Messaging & Browser keys
8733	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've used of few Heart Rate Monitors from other Mfg, and like the Garmin one the best.  Comfortable and does move out of position.  Almost always get a signal.  Battery last forever..

597	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	..and I'm from Europe, where the phones and networks are much better than in the States. I have to say that I think Samsung currently have the best software (and I used to be a huge Nokia fan). Amazingly light, very intuitive, great audio, and just looks great. I recommend this without any reservations whatsoever.
In conclusion - as I said before, I'm easy to please so I really like this phone and all it has to offer.  However, if you are looking for a phone akin to a Blackberry or Sidekick, the Wildcard is not for you.
7	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really love this case... you have to keep your phone face down all the time, but it's pretty good quality. Some stones come off from normal use, unless you keep it in your purse all day.

Let me tell you, this is the BEST case I have ever owned for any mobile device! I found a review on YouTube that demonstrated installation, and that decided me. Some of the comments posted there ridiculed the guy for buying a case that they perceived as being bulky, ugly, and industrial looking, complaining that it ruined the sleek fashion profile of the Curve. OK, well, I didn't buy the BB to improve my fashion image. It is a business tool to me and gets constant use all day every day. The OtterBox is all but bullet-proof, encasing the Curve in a hard shell which is then sealed and cushioned by an outer soft silicon skin, which is then further encased in the snap-in belt holster. I elected NOT to use the provided flexible transparent combination screen-keyboard-back membrane. I need the full tactile experience of the keyboard, and the membrane seemed better suited to use in a thunderstorm than to how I use my device. The remaining components of the case protect my BB to an extreme degree. I've had it and have been using it now for about three weeks, and I LOVE this thing! The outer silicon skin improves the grip in the hand and helps prevent the BB sliding off the console in the car. All BB buttons are usable through raised ribbed buttons in the silicon skin. The screen and keyboard are recessed enough into the hard shell and silicon skin to protect them against all but the most direct impact damage, and the holster carries the device screen-inward so that it's fully covered. The belt holster does contain the standby magnet the BB needs to conserve power.
  Two weeks ago there was a problem with my 150.00 rebate. One email to Amazon and all was fixed. The rebate came 08/11/2006. I have an Az customer from the beginning - always the highest praise. This first class company. It is the best run of all the major online firms. There are great smaller firms but for the big guys Amazon is the best.

most smart phone an occasional unscheduled reboot.

One useful feature which this phone does not have is speaker phone.  Generally I don't like to hold the phone next to my ear, or use the ear pieces.  The speaker phone on the Nokia is great for this purpose.

4223	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ok
1236	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works good, good sound quality, easy to use.

Also, when using in the car, the person on the other end had a very hard time hearing me due to all the background noise (even with the windows closed and radio off, of course).

3270	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome case with stand. Love it ! Now I don't have to pack that bulky docking station. Great product at an even better price. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a less bulky case with a built in dock.

- I personally prefer in-ear designs more - this unit hangs over the top of the ear and the earphone speaker lays kind of over the ear canal, but not in it.  This means that it doesn't cut out as much road noise as an in-ear design, owever, this is probably what also makes it more comfortable to wear for a long time.
As for the fit of the headset, it is very secure on my ear.  Like most others, it hooks over the ear, which makes it fit a bit oddly with sunglasses or eyeglasses, but it isn't uncomfortable.  When I get a new headset/earpiece, one of the first things I do is to put it on and shake my head around a bit to test how securely it fits my ear.  This one didn't budge.  For me, this is a very important factor.  If I can't move my head naturally as needed while driving, then the headset impedes my ability to drive and I won't have that.

7078	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This battery was NOT an LG battery.  The image does not clearly show fully the size of the battery, or she shape of the connectors.  They were wrong, and do not work with my phone.  The item in the photo is NOT LG compatible.  The photo carefully does NOT show the part that fits into the phone, which is NOT the kind that works with LG.  Is a completely broken object of garbage that did not work for two seconds.  I did NOT have enough money that month for these jerks to be wasting it.  Do not buy this at all!!!
Don't wait until you "need" a  new trackball.  If you use your regularly or play any games on it, change your trackball every 6 months.
3796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I installed this in an existing opening in my dash and hard wired it. After nearly a year, all the plugs are working fine. I use them a lot. I plan to buy another one. Good stuff. One drawback. The red power light. It is so bright that in nearly blinds me while driving at night. I covered it with black paint two days after I installed it.
4283	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have the original Motorola Roadster.  I bought it from Verizon and love it.  So of course, I was expecting something great with this "upgrade."  I charged this Roadster when I received it and followed all the directions for it.  The next morning, I was streaming music in my car, and it died not twenty minutes after turning it on.  I thought maybe it was defective, so I returned it and got a new one shipped to me.  It did exactly the same thing: streamed music and it died about twenty, thirty minutes afterwards.  So I sent it back for a refund.  I was hoping for something fantastic, but it definitely didn't live up to expectations.  I don't know if it's because it has double the speakers and output, but it was saddening.
8958	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received my iTorch very quickly after ordering it and had the opportunity to test it right away.  Our family has several pieces of electronics that we use on a daily basis and we always seem to have a bottleneck charging them.  We have ipads of many sizes, itouches, iphones, digital cameras, kindles etc.  This little charger proved to be able to handle quite a demand.  We charged the iphones, kindle, ipads easily and very quickly.  I have found that the New Trent Products charge faster than the wall outlet and since it is portable it is quite comfortable and convenient to be charging the electronic while still using it or at least away from the wall. The size and shape of the iTorch is very convenient to carry, it is light and ergonomically comfortable in your hand. it also fits easily in a small purse or even pocket.  I also have the New Trent IMP120D  12000mAh and I can say with certainty, that on a daily basis I will use the iTorch, but on travel I will take the IMP120D. It charges easily and quickly to take on the go for a day's use, especially as fast as the batteries drain from electronics it is always nice to have some back up.  I have not had use for the flashlight or laser but I did test them and they worked well.  Ultimately, I would highly recommend this product to anybody with electronics! and kids, who aways seem to say their phone died and that's why they didn't answer. It is extremely versatile since it charges basically anything that uses a USB cable.  I have read some complaints about it not coming with a DC charger cable, but the fact that it is 100% compatible with the apple cable is good enough for me.  Actually, it is nice to not have too many cables.  You only need one at a time and with today's electronic waste- it find it unnecessary to provide something you already have.  Less to carry and less waste.
2980	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned a number of phones over the course of the last couple of years.  Recently (within the last 3 months) I have tried the Samsung, Chocolate and LG VX8600.
  Speedtest: 227ms ping, .8 - 1.4 Mbps data transfer




ways everyday and, will continue in the future.

The PROs really out weigh the CONs by far, I'd get more of these at the under 80 USD price should I need them :)
The differences that I like on this phone:
5. There's something weird with the keyboard layout that makes texting really hard.
4011	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great holster. It has a metal belt clip and a strong belt loop that lets you wear it horizontally or vertically. Very pleased with this holstrer.
5250	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice place to charge my phone and iPod Nano 7. I wish the compartment in the rear was a little bigger to contain all the wires.
The manufacturer markets this desktop signal booster touting the following benefits:
Another downer for some is the lack of a camera. Personally, I don't look at that as a "feature"...I probably sound old fashioned here, but I'm a little annoyed and disturbed that hundreds of thousands of people have portable recording devices in their pockets. Sure, they're really handy when your local town-tweaker decides to wig out on the sidewalk. Those make great shots, but it's just so unnatural. I'm happy to see that there is no camera. If it came with one, I'd probably cover it with black tape.

7852	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Does not give you Left and Right channels like it should. Music in unbearable and incorrect. Do not buy this.
8355	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	ang and a half to 2 inches length Mall of millenia record not worth it

Four LED lights to indicate battery status
6919	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What can you say about batteries?  They either fit and work in the device you bought them for or they don't. I have never had any problems with Energizer batteries.
8783	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Trent appearance-wise & feel is much nicer than even their well-taken photos can show. It actually has some curve & differing depth to it...giving it a sleek and sexy feel. It charges with good speed and holds a lot of additional reserve charge within it for future charging of my Iphone.


Also, I found the description of a couple of Virgin Mobile's monthly plans a little confusing - especially the whole "cash balance" part.  However, when I called customer support they were very helpful and informative.


  1 bar (-106dBm)
81	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchase this for a backup at work.  It charges my SGS4.  I would recommend this charger for the Samsung Galaxy S4.
Too hard, I can't imagine this case absorbing much of the shock if the phone was dropped.
Battery life is so-so.  You have to charge it each day if you use the 'net much. i500 was poor, too, but better than this.  The 6035 I could use for almost a week without charging it!  (6035 and i500 had analog modes, too, while the 650 is digital only.)
674	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I used to have one of the smaller/regular sized ones ages ago and really have no clue where it went after getting a different car. I have some of those LG Tone+ 730 Bluetooth headphones that I use daily but wanted somewhere in my car to put them when not wearing them around my neck. I thought of this and was happy to see they now have this oversized version. My headset fits perfectly on it and doesn't budge when I'm trying around. You could easily fit 2 large screen smartphones or a tablet on one of these as well.
If you refuse to answer the question, they will argue that 'Our System Requires It'. Who cares about their system? I do care about my own IDENTITY SAFETY.
9456	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works very well. Great product.
CONS: One color - black. I'd like to see the gold and red models for my daughters like the H700. Unlike others, I don't mind the adapter because the new jack is included in most universal car chargers. I spent $6 for a replacement. Not waterproof (or I'm not chancing this one).
-Small, lightweight and easy to put on (one handed eve)
450	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Easy to attach the GPS and easy to memove it. Stays in place when set down on the dash. Highly recommended.
-Chad R.
This is really a great headset.  I've never had a problem with people not being able to hear me and it's very comfortable to wear.  The battery lasts a long time, which is one reason I just forget to charge it.  Once the battery dies, I use my backup headset until I charge up my favorite!



my phone has been dunked, crawled on in dirt and gravel, splashed with mud, dropped and generally abused. the case is not water proof but is water resistant enough with the silicone sleeve to keep out all but extended water exposure.
7718	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice case, not protective... But it's very stylish. Unfortunately it's starting to loosen up and it's making it harder to stay all the way on the phone. I still enjoy the case but I'm not sure it's worth 16$

off the device.


sorry
I have used wilson equipment since the analog days - on an offroad trip years ago to the middle of Nevada with no service, I was able to stop and make a call using the wilson amplifier and a high gain directional antenna to a cell site 83 miles away in Bishop, CA.  I dialed *611 and asked the technician what city I was in - not the usual call - he told me I was in Bishop, CA and I explained I was dialing from the middle of nowhere, NV 83 miles east of Bishop (their cell site was high up in the mountains and we were in the flatland - combined with the amplifier and high gain antenna I had full service camping at night)
Update:  Two years later and the headset is still going strong.  The earpiece popped out and lost the little rubber grommet, but a dab of superglue put everything back together again without problems.  I'm still on my original foam earpiece and still have no complaints.

1795	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I just got one of these, and my impression so far is a positive one. Since there are already numerous reviews on what's good about it, so I will focus on what I didn't like...
979	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This phone is great and with great features!!!  The battery is long lasting, the menu is just my other Motorola so I di have no problem.  I think it is user friendly but you have to be able to spend some time with it.


I highly recommend this speakerphone unless you have a car with a loud cabin.
5695	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I use this to mount the head unit of my Midland 75-822 CB to my dash. Works great.
Unless you are a Night Elf, you might find that the thing is a little big on the ear and super-obvious.  It's not dead sexay by any stretch of the imagination.  However, with gray and...gray colors, it's not fugly, either.  This is definitely a product of of function over form.
7530	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and service.
7983	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've always wanted a smart phone, but could never justify the multi-hundred dollar price tag and wasn't interested in something so big.  But the Centro is small enough for a jeans/pants pocket without sacrificing features or affordability.  I still wish the Centro was smaller, especially thinner, and it would be nice if the screen were bigger and the keys were moved to the screen (like the iPhone or HTC Touch). But I understand that these things would all increase the price of the device too, so I'm not complaining.  The Palm OS doesn't look very flashy, but it's responsive, dependable, and supported by a huge library of available software.

Pros:
In summary, this is a great phone and can do a lot of features. I would be ecstatic if they could implement a "Garmin" type of GPS so I wouldn't have to pay so much for GPS from ATT. It's outrageous that ATT charges a separate GPS fee in addition to their media package fee.
5035	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Crappiest product on the market I bought this and the second day it lost signal do not buy this ever
If there were any improvements to be made they would be: the grip around the edges could be softer and textured (more grippy); the plastic body could be smooth to match the look and feel of the tablet itself.
1024	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Tried it in my phone and gave out two more for other people, and the feeling the same for all

5774	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bought this for a friend who kept butt-dialing his friends and family.  the magnet worked and locked the phone. no more butt-dialing for him!
While the Wii only has a maximum output of 480p, these cables do the job at a fraction of the price. $4 over $34? Yes please. My television recognizes the 480p source and unlike some reviewers, I see the picture and I hear the audio.
5264	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	never had a problem. liked the phone but everything gets old. but if your looking for the charger there you go




David
5.) The manufacturer encourages permanently mounting it in owner's manual.

5762	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Be careful, this battery is erratic and occasionally just drops in juice without reason.  I've had mine for a year now and just last week I couldn't close my blackberry case and was wondering why. All the grooves in the case seemed to match..but then I noticed that my Seidio battery was slightly bloated and fatter.  I think it's gonna explode if I'm not careful.  I have put my OEM battery back in, despite the lower mAh and will try to get some replacement from Seidio, which I doubt.
I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.
3. Unless you buy an adapter specifically for the iPod, the USB adapter still requires an iPod charging cable, which you may already have.
4669	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great phone case for the Galaxy 4 with the thick Otterbox protective case! My hubby works construction and needed a phone case that was vertical and had the belt loop and was canvas, this phone fits the bill on all accounts! Some reviews said case was cheap, but for the money I paid, I did not think that way and I bought 5 of them to have extras on hand. Hubby is so happy with case as it fits his Galaxy 4 with the thick Otterbox cover comfortably! He says thay he doesn't even know he's carrying it as it is so comfortable in the vertical position instead of horizontal. Some reviews talked about removing the metal belt hook, but hubby said it didn't bother him. Also love the wide opening and heavy velcro flap to secure phone safely! Even with the thicker otterbox cover the phone slkdes in and out of the case with ease! Can't say enough, just love this case for the Galaxy4 with Otterbox cover!
 It powers,  without charging, my Galaxy Tab 10.1 and wifes ipad1.
Possible improvements:

The user interface is also terrible. It looks pretty (colorful backgrounds and icons), but it is not especially functional. The menus are all slow to respond (upwards of a quarter-second delay after every key press), and with the default settings, you spend more time fumbling through the oversized icons than actually performing the desired tasks. The phone book is especially awful. Rather than adopting a heirarchial phone book system, they keep it flat (ie. one entry per number). There are some workarounds to this, but even then, they lack the simple yet efficient system adopted by Nokia, Sony Ericsson, Samsung, and others.

3242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Looks good but don't trust your phone in this. My phone fell out the first day in this case. should have a clip on top to keep the phone from sliding out. gave it two stars for looks but functionality........ it sucks.
Had problems (without) the update, it just would not find the phone. Now every time I plug it in, it works fantastic. Love the way you can use any MP3's as a ring tone. No need to buy them!


1713	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good phone, but the older ones sounded better. The quality of sound isn't on par with the original or the newer phones.
2392	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R1RX7JC8KQ9TQX" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1HO5CdWFwS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/611Cx3SL8DS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;My video review of the Samsung wep 200 bluetooth headset.
My friend's iphone got wet (a wine bottle broke in her purse containing the phone) and experienced some kind of a battery short where the battery could no longer hold a charge. We were able to use my imp52 to keep it powered and continue to use it without issue while connected to the newtrent power pack. When we took the phone to the apple store to get repaired/replaced and even the apple staff assisting us was impressed with the imp52 and asked questions about it, and couldn't believe its capacity or how we were using it.
The inner dimensions are 11 X 2 X 2  My Adesso Scanner is 10.75L X 1.8W X 1.25H  so it fits perfectly. The case opens up into 2 hinged halves. Each half is about 1 inch deep. Each half has a 1 inch wide elastic band across the middle, and there is a sewn-in flap that protects one half from the other when closed. The scanner cable fits in the opposite half from the scanner and there is still room for some small accessories. All-in-all, I am VERY happy with this case.,It suits my needs perfectly/


It's rechargeable via a micro USB charging port and a car charger is included. Battery life is pretty good. My husband gets 2-3 days before needing to recharge because he is in the car a lot and is usually talking on the phone. There is a warning tone when the battery level becomes low so you won't be surprised in the middle of an important call. (You can also press the + and - volume button simultaneously while using the speakerphone and it will tell you the battery status.) You can, of course, use the Roadster Pro plugged in or unplugged.
1407	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good product and great price.
1723	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product, was just as I expected. As soon as I received it all I had to do was put my sim card into the slot and I was ready to make and receive calls.
2883	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Non-functional right out of the package (which took a couple of weeks to reach me). I'd previously tried an Andrea Electronics NC-181 Over the Head Headset which worked pretty well (except for getting the microphone position adjusted so listeners didn't hear my breathing) but I was looking for a less expensive option. You get what you pay for. I'll be returning these to Amazon. And, if I need this functionality again, I'll stick with a well-rated headset.
473	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this item so I could keep up with my car stereo's remote control.  It was simple and easy to use.  Just peel the two-sided tape, attach to the back of the remote, insert the remote into the clip and clip the whole thing on the visor.  Just no better way to keep up with such a tiny item in my car!  Highly recommend!
Cons:
17	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The bow fell off multiple times I had to keep gluing it back on until it wouldn't let me glue anymore. of course studs fell off but the bow it what makes it.

Con's:

9326	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works well-good price
7197	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The size medium Timbuk2 case is a perfect fit for average-sized smartphones like a Motorola Droid or Apple iPhone, either with or without a slim skin case. Don't know how well it will work some of the new super-sized Android phones. Unlike a lot of cases, this one is thin and not bulky, but still has a thin fleece inner surface to protect your touch screen. The Velcro on the back is designed to wrap around a vertical strap like on a messenger bag or backpack. Won't work so well on a horizontal belt. Note that the case is not waterproof since there are holes on the sides.
8252	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product had an amazingly low price, and replaces an unruly adapter and headset combination.  The adapater alone had cost more than $20.  Now this product replaces everything in a single piece, with the added benefit of an inline control, all at a fraction of the price.  Great product, but now it reminds me I spent way too much on the first one.
9112	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Review for IMP52D (iTorch)
7705	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice phone for my 2 year old granddaughter
whoops
2)  Can't Turn Off.  This might be one reason that I cannot conserve battery life.  But the screen remains on for a very long time.  I can turn off the backlight but there is not way to kill the screen itself except to wait a while.  And because the screen is so large and covers the entire front side of the phone it is too easy while carrying the phone to accidentally touch something that opens a program.

4690	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a nicely designed adapter that handle multiple plugs from either end (not all adapters do this). It is unfortunate that people do not undertsand the difference between an adapter and a transformer, and cannot read the labels on electrical appliances. If something is rated as 110/120V and you use the adapter to plug it into a 220/240V source, one should not be surprised to see smoke. Transformers are bulkier and more expensive, but not needed for most electronics whose power supply will handle 110/120/220/240V. If unsure, READ THE LABEL.

I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.
5060	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They do exactly what is expected.
N85 & N86: These newer models are sliders which look cheap. One of them has an 8mp camera, but no Xenon flash to accompany it.
4711	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a good pouch, with a soft protective surface for my iPhone.  I have my iPhone in a slim hard shell case that protects the back and sides.  But I wanted just a little more proection for the screen when I put it in a pack pocket for hiking or whatever.  I do use the case some as it is very soft and light weight.  I gave it 5 stars because it is very well made and it is what it is supposed to be.  But I wish it had a different closing method for the top of the pouch than the string "button" and was just a little more "hard-sided" for protection.
Little to expensive
This has come in extremely handy over and over.  I keep it in my purse at all times and have even let others use it with the extra adapters it comes with.  Everyone's been very impressed!

1545	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful bluetooth headset.  Great sound and minimal background noise for those on the other end of the phone.  Connected easily to my Sanyo Katana II cellular phone as well as my bluetooth USB device for both use with both my Skype and Vonage talk accounts.  Only complaint, the volume control could be easier to adjust.  I end up using the the volume control on the phone which is a bit easier and I can see where the level setting is at.
2338	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was excited when opening the box but only to find out the battery enclosed is of the wrong type for the cell.

Detail:  I'm a veteran to the RAZR line, having purchased one of the first black models when they were first released.  I thought the phone was excellent then, but with a few minor revisions, Motorola has brought the RAZR back to the forefront of the rapidly-moving world of mobile phones.  However, there are a few notable exceptions to this glowing report.
332	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It was good except for making my phone hot. But otherwise I was very happy with it
9850	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased from "Eforcity"
- Good build quality

4793	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Super soft and cute... Love it!
BTW, posting this review as I look at an amazing mountain range, and have plans on extending our trip since I can finally work without connectivity issues.  Already told about 10 other RV's about this product as I see them holding there phones in the air searching for signal.  I think I should start selling these myself.  Everyone of them clicked "Buy it Now".
6982	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nicest cover I have ever used for my BlackBerry Torch. Completely covers everything, but, works perfectly.
This Unit make's a lot of noise when I'm on a call and not as clear ask my
OVERALL:
5740	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	easy to take on and off.. and doesn't restrict your view of the screen  Not sure what else to say.. :)
9108	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R3D2A796G83M9E" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C19Q4gLmGHS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01GOIGMmlZS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;The iTorch is compact and easy to carry around, ready to charge any device that can be charged via usb plug. The battery has a lasting charge and as an extra feature, it includes a laser pointer and LED flashlight.

5131	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Unless you need a $40+ a month plan, Tracfone does it fine for me.

4064	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	this is only for emergency to use it..
4685	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Looks great even fits the note with a cover on it, but the clip ripped from the pouch after only one week of use. Its a waste of time and Money.....

decent length; since the device is portable a long cord isn't necessary.



The winters in the Midwest can be brutal, so driving and parking in a snowstorm with a magnetic antenna on the roof is asking for trouble, in my opinion. So I decided to see how well this Drive 4G-S booster would work with the antenna inside the car. After a visit to my local electronics store I purchased a flat metal, 2" wide L-shaped bracket. The backseats in my car have a double fold-down design which allowed me to turn the bracket upside down and slide the long end down between the back of the seat and rear deck. With the foot of the L-shape facing toward the rear window the antenna fit my makeshift bracket very nicely; but would it work? The boost wasn't quite as strong as with the antenna on the roof, but it was still pretty impressive. Now I can leave it connected all year round.
7827	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this cable for my iTouch that I have in a power case and I needed it for the headset cable. The cable fits perfectly in the case and the vendor send me a special that I did not know about and I am greatly appreciative of that. And he sent the item to me on a timely manner.
Also interesting that when I told them I had relieved the loop problem with a custom bent paper clip, they never asked to see it.  They don't seem interested in improving the feel of this product on the ear.
2448	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset case was just what I needed after having trouble locating my headset so often.  It is a very attractive design, closes easily and the price is certainly right.  It is a snug fit but loosens up a bit after using regularly - I prefer a bit snug to loose.

The battery runs for 2-3 days - small
2263	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just want to say that this company has great customer service. Even though I made a mistake in my order they handled it as if it was their error and helped me out. I would definitely recommend purchaseing from this vendor.

9657	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
I dropped my new iphone twice before I got the otterbox defender case. Both times I held my breath to see if it survived. I was lucky. There were dents in the case, but the unit was intact. I felt that my luck would soon run out so I bought this case. A friend who works in the Apple store said it was great. Definitely watch the video on the otterbox site to see how to use/ install it. It is bulkier (although I can still carry it in my back jeans pocket) which was a deal killer for my husband who carries his iphone in his shirt pocket. I keep mine in my purse, on the car seat, on the dash when I plug it in for itunes through my radio, etc...so size wasn't an issue for me. I actually feel like I have better control of it now that it has a neoprene no-slip edge. The screen is covered by a protective membrane that is absolutely as sensitive as my husband's naked iphone. The color is cool and people often ask where they can get one. The apple logo is visible on the back. The only feature you can't use is the little vibrate button on the side of your phone, but I don't mind going through settings to do the same thing. The case is also water resistant which has been great for beach, boat, and rainy trips.
I paid $30 for one from batteries4less hoping to get the real deal -- I got the exact same batter I got from the OEM shop -- the exact same counterfeit. So it has nothing to do with the price paid. Just dishonest online sellers.
9747	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They work.
7063	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This battery was resonably priced, and shipping was quick, but it didn't fit the phone we ordered it for.  LG quality is iffy at best, and I wouldn't recommend it to anybody.  We were able to send it back for a refund.  Will have to order the battery someplace else.  Does't look like Amazon.com carries the size we need.  Battery costs more than the phone is worth.
Having the laser pointer and flash light built in is really nice. It makes the IMP52D the perfect extra device to carry around in briefcase since it can also be used in a meeting for a pointer (plus it looks nice so it won't be out of place at a business meeting or lunch). It took me a litte bit to figure out how to use the single button to true on/off the laser, flashlight and charger. But once I got it figured out, it was easy to use. (I like to see if I can figure out devices without having to read manual. To me, if it is designed right, I shouldn't need the manual- and I didn't for the IMP52D)


7168	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good

6360	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Had a motorola Q but upgraded to fusion 2 on Consumer Cellular and was on sale at frys for $39.99 but turns out its an open box frys ad did not state otherwise. The previous user did not factory reset and i found out it was only used for 3 days. This pouch is way better than the ones i have been using in the past purchase at flea market and lasted for a year. This one looks and feel durable.
5750	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is really a better product than I expected. It is a vey thick protecter. THe outside screen was easier to install than the inside screen.
4797	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my husband who does not want to text, but simply receive and make calls.  This is his third razr phone and he loves it.  It's lightweight and thin and not cumbersome in your pocket.  Great phone for the money.

1168	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this hub with my Mac and it is great. I just plugged into my USB port on my MacBook Pro and have never had a problem with it. You can optionally power the device with the included AC Adapter, which lights up a bunch of green lights and one brilliant blue light at the top of the green lights. This blue light is extremely bright for its size and may need to be covered if you are sleeping in the same room with it. I have plenty of open slots for additional devices. If you are using this device vertically in the stand there is a front USB slot for you to attach your flash drive without any effort. Everything (at least with a Mac) is recognized and ready to go once it is plugged in. I would highly recommend this hub - you can't find anything as nice for the price that is powered.
Sound: is decent provided you have the proper sized ear gels, (more on this later).
6948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased the product solely for the power cord - which works perfectly. I didn't expect to use the case, and didn't order for that reason...good thing, because it is worth nothing. I threw it in the garbage the day it arrived. That's alright though - as that was not my motive for purchase. If you need a car power cord, I recommend - but don't buy for the case.


7527	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. It fits perfectly and gives added protection to my note 4, with spigen case. I use the belt loop when I'm at work and the phone stays right by my side. Easy to take phone out and put it back in case. It's so convenient and it looks nice with any outfit. Easily one of the best buys for my phone. I use it every day and it's durable. Inside the case provides a nice soft padding to protect your screen from scratches.  Highly recommend. For the price, it's a no brainer.
2824	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excelent



4974	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The description is technically correct, but if you are not in the habit of purchasing this sort of thing.....
That aside, it's great at everything else.
567	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I rarely write product reviews, but I feel like I should warn others about purchasing and using this product.  I have had success using this antennae booster on my feature phone (aka dumb phone), giving me an extra bar.  There were several occasions when I was able to make calls with zero bars.  ZERO!
8879	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My rating for this product is at a solid 4.5. The capacity is very close to advertised, but works hard to recharge my Nook Color at 4000mAh@3.7V. The unit is mostly used as a desk charger for my wife's Iphone 4S when at work (teacher), and performs that task perfectly! The build quality is as expected. The functionality and directions are easy to use, and as expected. Recharge time does vary depending on the AC/USB Converter, but the item does get a full charge as expected.
Of importance is to note that the stock 4" antenna works decently, but aftermarket antennas (such as the most excellent Trucker OTR) really make this shine. It's also very limited on how well it can work with Sprint (no 2500MHz support due to FCC regs, part of the 1900MHz band used by Sprint falls outside of the booster's capabilities).
8744	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great just for call and SMS
650	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Damn things are too useful. Just get a bunch and stash them away -- you'll use them, eventually.
Shipping was fast - nothing else to say.

Two added bonuses: laser pointer and flash light! I didn't expect either, but the laser pointer is very useful at work. I can't say I've really found a use for the flashlight, but it's a fun addition.
9512	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I live in a major metropolitan area, surrounded by cell towers. But my home is at the bottom of the hill, and I've always had problems with cell phone reception. It's very common to see me or one of my neighbors outside talking on the phone, trying to find better reception. No more.

6465	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	ok look...i LOVE NOKIA. all the reviews have said great things. however on day two of ownership my LCD screen will not come on. the phone is on but it will not come on. this to me is a bad omen and i have to return it and not for replacement. im sorry. take this review for what its worth. for me i just am leary now of the model. on the plus side. yes... its really packed full of features....however i do admit that keypad is a bit on the small side. for me.... its definately loud and the graphics are pretty...i will admit that it isn't always the smoothest as it transiitons from menu to menu. i did get to download ngage games and that was kewl. and the gps was neat but keep in mind you do need a data plan of sorts in order to use it...i thought you didn't either way i didn't have anytime to figure it out before it died this morning. for this amount of money and with no tech support from my tmobile since its unlocked i simply can not take the risk nor do i want to mess with nokia usa warranty. i really wanted to love this phone...really! i think i will look at the e71 im sorry for having to post this review...i hope it was just a one fluck with my unit.
Trent's full sized chargers. It comes in a nice pouch with a cable and 2
The POP3 clent does seem to support the "leave mail on server" option that Outlook 2003 has. Thus, the email that goes to my phone disappears and I cannot archive it on my home PC. With IMAP I don't have this particular problem, but then I cannot delete emails (they would disappear from the server) and the inbox becomes difficult to manage.
5) photos in jpeg form sometimes render wacked out thumbnails of random colors often pure green and or red.  (jpeg is supposed to be supported)

5174	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The most important thing to consider is the sound quality.  Speakerphones are notoriously bad.  This one, however is pretty good.
OR OCCASIONALLY STUFFING IT IN CONSOLE TO HIDE CAUSED FAILURE ...
 -Folks I'm talking to say 'very clear on their end', and I have a very soft voice that does not carry - so this is a big win.
The pros: light, good fit, cool look. Nice screen, very decent sound quality. Excellent for chat and messaging! Decent picture quality for 1.3 M.  All standard PDA functions from an old industry leader - PALM.
Atindra Gibbs
I was excited to receive this meter and quickly tried it out.
9726	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great batteries!

This headset is the only one I've owned (5th one) that my mother had no complaints about hearing me. The acid test for clarity is my mom - and the BlueAnt passed.
6194	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little device is amazing!! I am in college and use it all the time when I have no access to charge my iPhone!! Works perfect and give me about 2-3 full charges before you have to recharge the little thing. Very portable and comes in handy all the time!
492	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I don't know who Emerald City Graphics is or why I was apparently purchasing their products, but I don't like it and never I never have!


9593	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This booster is easy to install, and properly performs.  The reception performance prior to use was spotty, usually with no bars.  Now there is a constant one bar.
953	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Pro's

4188	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Quite simply, the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset totally rocks!  Believe me, I've gone through quite a few Bluetooth headsets in the last couple of years, and so I have quite a few to compare this one to.
The only reason I didn't give this product 5 stars is that it advertised being able to improve the cell phone signal up to 1500 sq. ft.  The desk antenna has to be within 3 to 4 feet of the phone for any signal improvement. Having said that, IT WORKS and it is well worth the investment and you can use it with both Verizon and AT&T phones.
1359	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!
1493	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been using mine for about a month and I like it.  The sound quality is high, both sending and receiving.  It came with three ear bud covers, the smallest of which is the best fit for me.  However, even that one is still a bit too large for me and I find that I occasionally need to readjust the ear piece during a conversation (otherwise I'd give this 5 stars).  I find that the controls are too small for my hands, and so I do not attempt to use them while wearing the headset.

I read comments about fingerprints on the faceplate, and thought it was a little odd, "who cares about fingerprints", I thought to myself.  But, they are annoying. The surface is so shiny and perfect that the smudges and prints make it look dirty.
-I just loaded $20 on to her phone.  How many minutes is that? 400! Wow, right?
8103	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought it for myself to use at the gym. The Distance is amazing even goes trough walls. But the volume level is terrible, it is very quite, no matter how loud you put it on the player and the bluetooth, the volume is just not enough. I don't know maybe for some people it is enough but i do not recommend it at all.
whatever else I can throw at it. I was actually able to charge my iPhone 5
-When I start the car, the LiquidAUX connects automatically. When I shut off the car, the LiquidAUX disconnects automatically. If I am playing a song on the media player on my Blackberry, playback stops automatically when I shut off the car.
5227	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality product. Looks great and does what is advertised.
4561	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Charges good, have not tried sincing yet but pulls up the charge, sync, hard drive option page when hooked to factory charger pod and moved around. Almost like it has a wire messed up. But for the price, its a small problem.
As with other headsets, there is a short delay on occasion. No problem with external noise. We tested in a convertible and it was fine.  Charge last is okay. Other headsets I have used have a better charge, but quality is for worse. Highly recommend especially for the price. I actually tossed my high dollar jaw bone for this one.
7325	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Says it can be used with AT&T !!!!!!! Guess what>>>>>> NO IT Don"t!!!! Junk Phone
9584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My house is a Faraday cage - all steel construction & wrapped in foil insulation - so I get absolutely no radio reception whatsoever inside.  I mounted this on my defunct satellite antenna mast and used the existing coax that runs into the house.  Antenna is mounted at chest height & aimed at the cell tower.  Reception on phone is 2 bars at this location.  After hooking up I get 4 (max) bars on the phone in all rooms in the house.  This contraption will pay for itself in no time since I no longer need a land line.
3) Does not vibrate when you receive a call
8632	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The cable worked great. Was able to retrieve info from phone. The the vendor supplied a quick service. Good job!
802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this was a great addition to the boat especially if you have those electronics that you charge. Easy to install.
9916	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far so good

6581	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works, but I have some reservations about automobile usage.  I would definitely use this if going on a long trip or frequent long commutes if the area was in question.  I've never actually had that issue, so I may opt to get the home adapter kit for this to use at my house.  It's too darn cold outside right not to try this in my car, so I connected it to a USB port on my desktop computer.  I ran the antenna and put it up on the window sill, and my little LG flip phone went from two to four bars.  I wanted to try it on my BLU GSM radio based phone, but without a sim card it showed no bars before or after, but the fact that a six year old phone got a boost was a good sign it does the job.
3252	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Phone keep falling out the case. It looks good but works terrible. Cannot hang on side of pants because of this
Pros:
So, should you purchase the Plantronics 855?  I went through a whole bunch of bluetooth headsets (Samsung, Motorola, Blue Ant) and they all have issues, such as battery life, reception, distance, etc.  The Plantronics does work at reasonable distances, and that's good.  The battery is not as strong as I would like it to, but then again, I use it a lot.  I'm having to charge it every other day.  If it wasn't for its intermittent issue, I would recommend it.
Selling the little guy. If someone has a need for a handsfree headset\control solutions for your Cell-Phone, this little device is awesome!!! If you like music and want to impliment a iPod Touch, find another solution or continue to use the dock connector.  :)
Cons:
7203	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This headset does not cancel outside sound. It also isn't very loud and broke broke a couple days after I got it. Very cheaply made!
- Slim profile looks more sophisticated than it really is
the go. Perfect for the quick charge of your phone when there aren't any
40	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got this for a friend who saw this and liked it. i got it for her, and she liked it. looks good on your iphone and fits well too
7436	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	does not work with the iphone 5s.  Otherwise loved it with the older phones I have had..

  4-5 bars (-70dBm)

the laser pointer would come in handy. The iTorch packaging is pretty
2220	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a good quality cable.  I note there is a 2009 review stating it is poor quality and complaining that a plastic base broke. Apparently the cable has been significantly
2357	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought my bluetooth about a year ago and worked flawlessly with the LG En V Touch I had before. It does not work with my HTC Touch Pro 2 though. I called Samsung, and they could not tell me whether it was a compatibility issue with the phone or not. I have read this bluetooth is compatible with most smart phones, including mine. They may have been wrong, since the phone does not even recognize the bluetooth when it is searching for devices. The description here states that is compatible with other non-Sanmsung bluetooth enabled phones, but maybe mine is just not included on those. Maybe I should give HTC a call about this compatibility issue as well. It is a very good device though! I highly recommend it!
I use it for business calls and have yet to be called on it. That within it self makes it a winner but the Gennum nxZen almost works that good. The difference is I can hear this one with relative ease as opposed to the nxZen. If you boost the microphone (on the nxZen)gain it decreases the in audio which is a issue. I prefer the "in-the-ear" type headset because I'm always using it in loud places like airports etc. The built in boom slides forward and provides excellent out audio for the receiver. I still, struggle at times, hearing the caller. The talk time, so far, is very good. I can wear it for several hours but at some point my ear does start hurting.

throw into my pocket as I'm heading out for the day. It's not boxy, and
Let me say I've been wearing fanny packs for over 15 years, so I'm kind of an "expert". This is, hands down, the most durable, functional and well thought out pack. Holds a ton of items very neatly. It's a little large but is made of great quality leather. I wear mine about 16 hours a day, working on cars, sitting, bending and it's perfect.
the RF of the headphones is good as well, it claims 10m radius range, it really has 10 meters, I can get even more range with class 1 bt adaptor
2137	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted, great for river floats, holding car keys and small electronics and change for the bus ride back to the car.
3154	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Mounted these in my car and truck and purchased a cheap cell phone case that I glued one of the large metal pieces to. Use it when we go on longer trips in the car to keep the phone easily accessible and also to keep the GPS in view.
8487	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	cell phones get dunked - the person you need dumps you to voicemail.  if you fall over or the boat catches fire or otherwise leaves you bobbing, be able to call for help.  also great for asking for nav help, weather info, or hailing the marina.  good little kit, no problems noted.
7312	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchase this phone for a friend to be used in Costa Rica.  It work lovely in New York City; it is a quad band and should work well in Costa Rica.  I am waiting on words from my friend in Costa Rica.
4) Syncing.  I have it set up to sync with my home desktop, work laptop, and exchange server.  It was a little tricky at first, but with Bluetooth it's so easy and I've been very pleased.
- Standard Motorola power connectors
4881	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	4 of 5 stars, not sure this is the perfect BT headset.  The first one had a bad battery, wouldn't hold a charge, Amazon did a quick replacement. Second is working great, light, much louder than the older Motorola units. I have to turn the volume down a little, the old unit was maxed out and still hard to here people at times.  This uses the new Micro USB connect, they should have kept the Mini as it would have fit the case and people with chargers would not need to buy an adapter. All over I think the unit is a nice upgrade and if you own an older Motorola it is worth the price to get a lighter, louder unit. The status light color for charge left is also a nice touch and it is easier to pair with our Bluetooth phone or other device.
1263	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this product because it was clearly a used headset.  There were scratches on the front, and a small dent.  Frankly I do not want to insert a used product into my ear.  I went to Wal-mart and bought the very same product for less money.
- Easy to operate
I love the camera.  Good snapshots, neat little movies that pick up sound, and even a sound recorder.  So the added utility of the phone is very attractive, making the flash memory issue a little more than minor (imagine owning five SD cards and realizing none of them work in this phone).
2185	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Super pricing...this product sales for $40 at the Motorola retail site.  The software arrived just as advertised with all cords and retail packaged.  It was extremely easy to install (the directions were very clear) and right away I was creating my own ring tones!  Ever want to get your pictures off your phone and into your computer?  This will do it!  I even set up the sync between Outlook and my phone...no problems.  As an added benefit...your phone charges while plugged into your laptop!

Overall, I would recommend this product, if only for peace of mind.
3485	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
6316	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	wouldn't stay connected to a phone, wouldn't hold a charge and it was new.  Definitely not worth any money in my opinion.
2223	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This data cable works perfectly.  The AT&T store tried to sell me a $50.00 cable that charged too.  I didn't need or want that.  I just wanted to transfer pics, data, music, etc. from my phone to my PC.  It was a great buy and does exactly what I want it to do.
Here are 3 things that annoy me the most about the phone:


417	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this PowerBear Samsung Galaxy S4 6000mAh Extended Battery & Back Cover & Protective Case (Up to 2.3X Extra Battery Power) - Black [24 Month Warranty & Screen Protector Included] as the battery in my Samsung Galaxy S4 was swelling and it was losing contact with the pins on the phone so it would always turn off or the battery would be all of a sudden dead and that was really annoying and inconvenient.  I saw this and usually I had to charge my old battery 3 or 4 times a day and with this one I can go 2 days without charging the phone after a full nights charge and that makes it very nice.  I use my phone a lot especially outside work so it is nice to be able to look at my battery life after a full days work and still see 90%+.  Even if I use the phone almost all day the battery still has life at the end of the day.  The screen protector that came with this phone battery and case fit perfect and was really easy to put on without any issues and doesnt cover anything like the speaker or mic.



8789	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch from New Trent is a 5200 ma Rechargeable External Battery thats meant to give your USB charged phone or electronic device a boost while away from home.
Like others, I don't like the fact that it comes without an AC adapter.  There are several adapters on Amazon that have an AC plug on one side and a lighter socket on the other; for me this is a must-have, as I like to charge the Jabra at night and use it during the day without worrying about a cord.

8496	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good product, clear case strong comes in 2 pieces that click together also has a belt clip that cpmes with it not expensive bought it for around $4 and seller shipped the product instantly. good buy.
I like that i don't have to unflap anything to quickly grab my phone when it rings.
I did find a "Bumper" with a translucent back for the S3 that worked.
6802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Noticed that the jeweler who I had change my watch batteries in the past used this brand. Started doing them myself to save money. Way cheaper, nor that hard to figure out

57	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Defintiely worth the price...You should order several.  Most cases are $15 and up especially at the cell phone stores.  I can't believe the mark up on these things!


I really wanted to like the MDA, as I decided not to get a Palm-based Treo due to severe syncing problems with Outlook (problems that were supposed to be fixed in the now-vaporware Palm OS 6 "Cobalt").  And I wanted to like T-Mobile because they are the only carrier out there that forces you on a one-year, not two-year, contract (and still gives you a rebate).  Anyway, after a few days I was sorely disappointed.  The problem lay entirely with the MDA's reception.  It was almost the same problem I had with the original Sidekick back in 2003.  The MDA's antenna was never able to grab a signal strong enough to make web surfing any close to being useable.  And it would constantly lose and hunt for signal.  It was frustrating to no end, even in the heart of Boston where a RAZR tmo phone had full reception.  I never got half the speed promised by EDGE, the 2.5G GSM data network.  Very, very disappointing.  Much, much worse than the EVDO services I had earlier this year tried with Sprint and Verizon.
7940	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This review is of the item "3.5mm Headphone Adapter for Apple iPhone Recessed Jack, 3.5mm, White" Sold by MEDIA-MART.
6828	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	just what i needed!
7427	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bday gift and he loves it. my brother in law will not leave home without it being connected. and its a must have for drivers
* Proprietary charger (why not mini-USB, except to make more money?)
7697	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my husband who does not want to text, but simply receive and make calls.  This is his third razr phone and he loves it.  It's lightweight and thin and not cumbersome in your pocket.  Great phone for the money.

5867	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love it great when im at work its not in the way when im workin i can carry everything i had in my wallet in this product great item...
Pros:
For the record, i have t-mobile service and i had no problems getting this phone to work. This phone isn't a blackberry or an ipod. it's a cheap phone that can make calls and text messages, that's it. it has an alarm clock that works and a few little things but don't expect mp3 and what nots.
People compare this phone to the iphone and, thats fine.
it has a laser and LED light built into the charger, handy for trying to charge your phone at night!
I have been unsuccessful getting it to pair with either my laptop or my PDA however (an HP iPaq 4155).
2003	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good
I'd highly recommend this small powerful battery to anyone with the need to charge a phone or device where there is no power available.
9. Push email
What MUST be improved
7911	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
- accessories (pouch and cords)

4437	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	IT may be cheap , but the battery works great in my Razr V3. I was charging my old battery every other day. I charge maybe 2 times a week now. It is definately a great purchase.
9259	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am a business orientated individual and liked the look of this case.
+Easy to view LEDs let you know how much battery life remains.
 Has four battery gauge LEDs to show you charging status and remaining capacity.
1859	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good microwave bowl
2449	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My H700 fits perfectly in this case. I highly recommend using this case if you use a Motorolla Bluetooth headset. This is the only way to carry your bluetooth when you are not using it.
*Charges with USB mini (can be charged with computer)

2113	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The only phone with the following features:

3.  comes with caps for the Receiver connector that slides into the housing for 'safe keeping' and keeping your Nike+ goodies together.

Overall, you are getting what you pay for. It's more expensive than most because it's better than almost all of them. I'm sure there may be one more expensive than this one I've never tried that may be better, but for the money, and for Amazon's excellent pricing compared to retail, you can't beat this.

4228	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Muy buen producto y entrega a tiempo , lo recomiendo , calidad y servicio , very good, excelente . .
 B. This may reveal a deeper strategy of Verizon and LG to
Other than that I'm very happy with my wireless headset and would definately get another Plantronics headset.  Oh, I also like the design.  Not a big fan of the other headset that make you look like a telemarketer!

4927	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this cable for my iTouch that I have in a power case and I needed it for the headset cable. The cable fits perfectly in the case and the vendor send me a special that I did not know about and I am greatly appreciative of that. And he sent the item to me on a timely manner.

4235	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A very secure way to carry your iPhone.  I've been using mine everyday for a couple of years in conjunction with a silicone Incipio iPhone case.  The holster protects my phone very well, while still providing easy access.  I like the cut corners as they help me to get my phone in and out of the holster.
also a nice aesthetic look and feels great in the hand. For the price of
To be fair, I paired the headset with other (different) phones and my Apple MacBook Pro.  (All of the tested phones and my laptop have worked with other headsets from Jawbone (I & II), Blue Ant (Z9 & Z9i), Motorola (H12), and Plantronics (925)--most at distances of 20 feet or more.)
 - - does not work with Mac iSync (although, you can send numbers to phone from Mac Address Book (Menu: Card > Send card) via Bluetooth, which is at least some convenience, but not the convenience of iSync)
3091	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	use on 2cameras and cell phone.  The cutting is fairly straight forward, but the pre-cut edge that is supposed to help with seperating the backing from the protector is not cut well so i've wasted one sheet as it ripped easily while taking off the backing.  material not durable at all.  Got scratches just by using the squeegy in the package.  Lastly, if you had to reposition it, good luck getting the bubbles (hazyness) out.  Requires too much effort to get it right.  Would not recommand it.
Lastly, an unintendended, but appreciated, consequence of purchasing the 510 is the reasonable price.
  black/white Nokias!)
1154	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this on my MacBook so I can connect several items at the same time including a USB keyboard and optical mouse, my iPad and iPhone, a webcam, an external hard drive and even a light o Rama controller for my Christmas lights. This thing works great and provides plenty of power for all devices. I haven't seen any slowness in my webcam, iPad/iPhone syncing or even copying large movies to my external hard drive. This guy works great and I am not at all disappointed in performance. I am however a bit disappointed in the design. This has to sit on the corner of my desk and i need plenty of room on both sides to allow the USB cables to plug in. I would have had them design it like a tower with the plugs all on the back one on top of another. That being said, the current design does offer some added stability to keep the hub from falling over. Overall a great performer and a decent design.
- To activate the charge should be at least one click not 5 seconds

 What kind or condescending product support/warranty is this - product support has no business asking about product price...
4858	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THIS IS MY 4TH UNIT IN THE PAST 3 YEARS. I GUESS I WEAR THEM OUT AS I AM ON THEM 12 HOURS A DAY.
8323	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks for the service, is very good!
The third and final flaw is the USB plug in. I don't know if my charger is the only one with this problem but every time I'm charging my phone and I move the charger too fast it stop charging. When this happens, the all too familiar ritual of bending and twisting the chord comes into place. I thought this was only my iPhone chord but after I tried it with the chord it came with, it did the same thing. I don't know how many of you will take this little thing into consideration but think of it this way: the last thing you need is to be checking up on your phone to make sure it's charging every ten seconds.
6945	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product was over expected than i thought.  It was the best among the best.  I didn't regret at all.
The second is the remote.  It takes at least a full second, nearly two, between when I push a button and when the phone does something.  A little annoying, but again, could be my phone's issue, not the product.  Easily overcome by the cool factor of being able to control your music (pause/play, skip) without touching your phone or the stereo.  It won't fast forward or rewind tracks on my phone, just skip them.  I have to press the play button twice to get the phone to play after I start the car.  The mounting strap doesn't really cinch down tight, so the remote was constantly tilting in and out on my steering wheel.  And, when I was doing a lot of steering, my hand would sometimes accidentally hit part of the remote and skip back or forward - not fun when you were in the middle of a 30 minute podcast!  So, I decided to mount it on my turn signal stalk.  Now there are no accidental hits, and it stays put... just looks a little odd, but not any more odd than the big windshield washer paddles on the top of some US car stalks.  Sometimes it doesn't work at all... I can't figure out exactly why but it has something to do with starting the music playing using my phone instead of with the remote, and it has something to do with switching the car off but leaving the key in the ACC position.  It is quite rare that it doesn't work, about twice a week, perhaps.  I've tried pressing the center of the remote, but nothing.  But, if I power on/off the LiquidAux, it works fine again.
8309	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Gosh!  I plugged it in and my cell phone started charging!  It was like...What will they think of next?  WOW!
4177	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This product worked great the first day I had it, then it broke in 2 places while trying to remove the charger from the unit. I am a commercial truck driver and cannot talk without a handsfree headset in my rig legally after 1-08. I am still waiting for a replacement even though the company is located 1 hour from me.
I am switching back to my AUDIOVOX.
2031	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Devices worn on the body are personal, so one person's hit product is another person's dud.  So here is my review...
DO NOT BUY
It does most websites at very nearly the same level as a desktop.
8543	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No problem with product.  Working well and is very well made.
Now charging anywhere made easy
Screen visibility: Phenominal. Best I have seen so far, even when it is dimmed down to 30% brightness when most other phones screens are looking really washed out. You can use it as a part-time flashlight instead of stumbling your way around at night, its that bright. And of course, when it goes into battery saver mode, the screen goes jet black - very cool. Not a wimpy gray or blue. Nice fonts.
I also like the one port in the front for when I need to plug in a usb drive.

4516	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am very satisfied with this product.  It sounds great for music and has good volume for phone calls.  Two things are disappointing though.  First when I use the second ear (for stereo) the clip for the microphone side does not fit behind my ear at all.  I have small ears, but this thing is massive (must be made for Dumbo).  Secondly, the ear caps suck.  The smallest cap (I got three sizes) hurt my ears because they are too large.  I cannot imagine anyone using the largest lize.  I took the caps off of an old pair of Sony noise-canceling earphones and it works fine now.
These are the only types of cases I will buy for my phones. I think they are a great deal and do a great job of protecting your phone. They are easy to pop on and off although I leave mine mostly on as to not stretch out the plastic or accidentally break it.
- Continuous rebooting required.
2155	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After all the water damage we had after Hurricane Ike, I decided to get something to protect my cell phone if, God forbid, we have more hurricane damage. My Samsung Captivate fits just fine, so I'm happy with it.

Oh, and if you need to turn your head to the left or right, you can't without the earbuds falling out.  It's like the cables are not long enough to facilitate such movement comfortably.  You have to turn your entire body to look to either side.  It's like when you get stiff neck, and need to move your body to see left and right.  This is what it feels like when you wear the Motorola Buds.
7296	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased a Droid 2x almost 2 years ago. Over year ago Motorola stopped providing upgrades and the phone has missed calls and needs rebooting regularly. It does not always sync with Google calendar, bee restored to factory, replaced completely 2 times including a new battery and still does not work properly. Motorola and Verizon both refused to replace the phone with a equal phone other than the same one even thought the phone is insured. Go to Best Buy, they honor their warranty with a phone that works equal to what you bought at time of purchase if you have problems.
--four special buttons for calendar, messages, and contacts are really useful. (Dont forget to setup the long-press option, so you have extra 3 functions programmed in shortcut key)
So how does it perform?  When installed properly, it's performance is very impressive.  My reception can go from very poor, to excellent in many areas where I travel.  Inside your phones software, u can actually see how much better the reception is... tech support will teach u how to read this, as it varies with your phones software, so I can't give generic explanation how to see this for each phone.
-When playing music, the audio is good and reasonably loud. No background noise. Not as good as a CD, but better than an FM modulator.
2646	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Better wind noise control than Jawbone, and Plantronics 510.

bought Oct 31,2011 ...installed it on my Home alarm system. It is still going strong.
IT WASN'T CHARGING. SO EITHER SPEND SEVERAL MORE DOLLARS FOR ONE WITH
I contacted WELLGOAL for a refund, but they insisted these adapters were ONLY FOR iPHONE 3G AND 3GS, and thus were not defective. If I wanted to return them, they said I had to pay for return shipping and restocking fees. I balked, and they offered me a 20% refund if I simply kept them. I ended up doing that, as it was the cheapest option. But I will be avoiding WELLGOAL from here on out.

Here's where I'm not fair.
  -It has decent screen savers.

3. Very good audio quality reported on the far end.
So, if you are looking for a external battery source for one of your gadgets I can't recommend the iTorch Charger with LED Light and Laser Pointer enough - - - - 5 STARS!

Most recent Headsets I've used:

9391	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Barely worked better than not being hooked to it at all.  I was hoping for much more.

If you're looking for the simplest of conveniences, look no further. This product does exactly what you need it to do which is charge your phone one full charge where you may not be able otherwise.
Though the unit appears to be somewhat awkward looking, it really is not uncomfortable on the ear if you accustom yourself to placing the eartip comfortably in your ear first (contrary to the booklet and as if the unit did not contain the curved attachment)-the rest will follow.
I read the instructions and then plugged in to charge.  I have several wall charges, however, I wanted to use some of my devices so I used my HP Mini, and my desktop.  It worked fine charging on those.  After an hour on each device I went ahead and charged into the wall to make sure it worked.  It was charged completely after two more hours.
453	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The stand works great if you buy the other stand and use them together.  Make's it pretty expensive but it works.

2195	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Allows me to synchronize my contact with Outlook & use my phone as a modem. I can transfer pictures and ringtones from my computer to my phone and from my phone to my computer. It even works with my wife's Verizon V3m, some tinkering was required to get the multimedia features to work on the Verizon phone (instructions were supplied my the vendor), but at the end everything works great!! As an added benefit if I get a new phone I don't have to worry because this kit works with almost all Motorola phones.

2688	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love it. Just as it was described. I really like the color. It fits perfectly and the holes match up.
Also, be mindful of the firmware version of this phone.  Even replacement versions are shipping at rev 25.  You should go to the store to update your phone to rev 29 or better.
-Comfortable and easy to wear on either ear

4679	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you have a Samsung Galaxy Note 2, S3 or S4, this is a phenomenal case.  It has the metal belt clip that slips on and off along with a belt loop that fits most running belts.  The case also has a neck strap loop!
7445	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I would NOT purchase this product off of the internet.  I ordered one, recieved it, and it wouldn't even register that it was charging, so I didn't get to test it.  I called Amazon, and they were great.  The representative was kind and he quickly sent me a replacement item overnight.  I opened that one up and it did charge.  I had some trouble pairing it with my phone, but it did eventually do that.  Then I tried to use it.  When I put it in the "on" position, it turned off.  When I put it in the "off" position, it turned on.  I even took it to a brick and mortar store to make sure I wasn't missing something.  I did purchase one from that store, the H710, the next model up, and I have to say that I do like it.  It works great and is very comfortable on my ear.  There also seems to be a bit of a quality discrepency between the two virtually identical items.

6898	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Reasonable


This isn't the most elegant of headsets, but if you prefer quality to style, you can't go wrong.
Further, once you set it up, you can only use it on one ear. Other headsets (like Plantronics ones for example) allow you to swivel the earloop to switch ears if you get tired of using it on one ear. The Jawbone doesn't do this.
62	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item was as described even arrived before expected. Would buy from again. Perfect transaction getting ready to purchase from again
I use this with my Oticon Tego P hearing aids & it works so much better than my Eli bluetooth adapter. The Eli would last MAYBE 1.5 hours for music, a bit more for talk. The BT3030 lasts about 5-7 hours depending on the volume I have it set to. It's really no larger than a real dogtag at 5.5cmlx3.5wx1cm thick.
diversity with different codec's try Core video player.

  Possible more problems:
5282	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I saved over $15 and I't works better then one that came with my phone and the signal booster really works, this product is well worth the buy as well as the wait for shipping best of all it comes straight to your mail box!
7348	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Was a great phone.  Still use it when the other phones go down.  I like it cause it is small.  I would recommend this to the user who doesn't want a complex phone.

9080	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is great for what I was looking for; a small power source that I can leave in my backpack or through into my girlfriends purse.  I have been using this battery pack for a few weeks now and the device does not seem to lose power when idle.  On average I can charge my iphone 4S FOUR times (usually at around 20% battery life).  They advertise this to charge mostly cell phones, but it can basically charge anything with a USB attachment.  I have charge my Nike Fuel Band, Plantronics bluetooth headset, Logitech Harmony Remote, USB Fan, and Ipad keyboard/cover.  All around this thing does a great job.  I also own another New Trent power pack, but it holds twice the power but is nearly twice the size...  So if your looking for something that will last you the weekend, and are using your devices with regular use, this is probably what you want.  Now if you want more power and are willing to lug around something larger, get a hire capacity power pack.
7502	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I thought that the mount was a flexible snake, but found that instead, the snake is rigid plastic.  I could not find any way to mount it in my car such that it looked reasonable.  Ended up not using it, and buying a mount that attached to the ventilator pieces, which worked a great deal better and looked better too.  It was made by the same company.
1249	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been using the HS850 for the better part of 2008 and have found it to be a competent little unit.  It pairs quite nicely with my Motorola i880 that was assigned by my employer.  I find the volume level to be good, though not outstanding.  I can hear the other party quite clearly and have had no complaints going in the other direction.
1573	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this on a reccomendation of a friend.  My brother bought a Motorolla earpiece for about $30 more than I paid for mine.  he hates his and I love mine.  Most people never realize I am talking to them through a headset.  You get 3 ear speakers of different sizes so you attach the one that is most comfortable for your ear.



Until someone finds the perfect phone that has no problems, have everything you ever wanted, absolutely no issue with it and it does every possible thing, then you let me know but for now this phone is ok/good

attention to details that make products stand out. Simplicity is a design
6695	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This product 'appears' to work from the db gain noted on the phone of 30-40db, but it is truly a 'false positive.'



These earbuds sound great, usually.  They almost sound like wired earbuds, when they want to work.  I have different music apps on my phone, and the music sounds differently on all of them when using the Motorola Buds.  When using the LG HBS-700's they pretty much sounded the same between apps, or better in some instances,  even if I disable all EQ settings; not with the Motorola Buds.  Sometimes music sounds muted.  Other times, they sound distorted.  I have found the music app these sound best with by trial and error.  Not all my music is shared among the music apps because I use different cloud services like Amazon Music.  Power Amp seems to be able to play the locally stored music the best, but can't access cloud music,  I have to use the respective services for that and am thus relegated to crappy sounding music when I have to.
6593	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It Barely works at my house.
*Easy to use and setup - never cracked the manual
Now for the important part:  how it works.  The Jawbone was simple to pair with my cell phone (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HP-iPaq-6945-Unlocked-Cell-Phone-with-Wi-fi-GPS-MP3-Video-Player-SD-U-S-Version-with-Warranty-Silver/dp/B000ILDSLO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HP iPaq 6945 Unlocked Cell Phone with Wi-fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, SD--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)</a>), as most Bluetooth headsets are.  More importantly, I've paired it once and it has maintained that pairing without issue ever since, unlike the previous headset I owned which lost its pairing at least once a week, usually while mid-conversation.  This is annoying, certainly, but for a user that won't use their cell phone while driving without a hands-free device, this is very unsettling.  If I wanted/needed to continue a call while on the road, I disconnected the call, pulled over to re-pair the two devices, and then started my call and my trip again.  This is a major issue for me, so I am extremely appreciative of Jawbone's reliability.

6072	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The charge-up time for the IMP52D was as stated at about 6 hours.

1381	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed to activate 3 iPhones and I couldn't get all the sims at the AT&T store so I ordered 2 from these guys and
of it's quirks. Being able to charge via usb is one and, with

2896	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Live only 4 miles from an ATT tower and could get only 0 to 1 bar reception in my house.  Bought product and now get 5 bars all the time in my house.  Simple to install and used only the equipment that came within the package.  No extra outdoor antenna nor the more expensive indoor antenna.  Great product so far.
CONS
- Speakerphone (press Menu button twice when on a call)
But... easy to fix.  Still recommend it.

7112	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got it put it on was very clear didn't look like there was anything ontop of the screen...........at first it maybe difficult to get it on just perfect once its on it's fine. fast shipping .....thx!!
improved mine by sniping off the metal clip, filing the edges smooth and friction taping the area at
3133	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The idea and concept was great but the clips would not fit in my vents. I'm not sure if it is the angle of the vents on my car or the clips themselves, but they didn't work out very well. I didn't attempt to use the adhesive for fear of damaging the dash. Not ideal for any large phones either. When I upgraded to a 5 inch, it completely made this product worthless to me.
I like the black and silver coloring. No external antenna (sweet). The button on the side to open it is extra (not necessary). The internal display is nice and large, and colorful.  I like the navigation keypad. The textured covering on the rear flap is different (I like it, and is about 50-50 with my friends).

5764	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Replaced a 3 year old stock battery with this one and get almost 2 times the life.  Not expensive and a better way to go than a new stock one.
So I guess I recommend these for the price... if you're willing to modify them yourself... and if you can cut a clean, straight line. I'm just extremely annoyed that the people who produce this product couldn't figure this out and pre-cut it FOR me. Or, you know, create a screen protector that could handle a slight bump without creating a permanent air bubble. But, for the price, I guess you get what you pay for.

9340	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This works okay for short conversations and I still wish I could find a decent bluetooth that does NOT have ANYTHING that goes inside your ear, but this is VERY VERY uncomfortable if you're talking on the phone for a long time.  I've been in so much pain that rolling over in my sleep hurts my ear.  Spend more money for a better model!  I'm looking again for something that will work.
At some point while listening to a few classical music pieces I thought I heard pops and clicks of some sort.  My immediate reaction was that it was related to the recording itself or could be something wrong with all this new equipment (or even the creation of the ALAC file from the CD).  But repeating the offending segments over and over I soon discovered I was simply hearing the sounds that come from musicians playing their instruments.  The fingers striking or sliding over strings and other incidental noises were suddenly clear where previously they were lost and muddled.
67	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The picture looks waaayyy better than the actual item however its strong and serves its purpose.

9654	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described perfect!
7/16/2013

This would be five stars if they were able to multiple buttons to control the device, flashlight and laser pointer.  Also, they could increase the capacity to 7000+mAh.  All in all, solid product.

Also, it is just stupid that jabra is still in the business of making custom chargers with custom plugs and voltages. This is just something I cannot support, 5V mini USB or nothing!

If you plan on using this for a NOTE 2 or 3 it will fit with most 'pretty' cases but any Hybrid case may take time to stretch it in a little.
and more....

4412	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I've always just bought an international phone card when I've traveled but decided to take my own phone this one time and try one of these sim cards. Well, let me tell you. I made about 45 minuets of calls during a total of 3 weeks and my overall bill was $176. So, if you do the math, I could have spend about $13 American dollars on a 10 euro calling card with 400 minuets and called from the hotel or any public phone....or $176 for less than an hour of calls. This was certainly the worse choice I made for my trip and I advise you to NOT buy this! Amazon.com, please consider taking this off your list of products...it is very misleading and cost consumers way too much money after it is purchased.
Touch screens are gimmicks. They require a greater range of motion, usually two hands and make your screen dirty. A cursor only requires I move my thumb a few millimeters whilst iPhoners are using two hands and strokes. Cute, but not practical.

7299	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Same thing could not get the phone to work, too old of a product, towers have changed.  Please credit my accout

You are given 50 feet of coax cable to use for mounting. If you end up mounting this inside your home, you may want to use your own (shorter) cable or else you will have a bunch extra just stuffed somewhere.
I had been tempted to buy a folio case. Later, I asked myself why -- why do I need to cover the screen? It's made of Gorilla Glass 3. It's the toughest screen out there and nearly impossible to scratch. Someone said their phone, while in this case, shattered from a two-foot drop. I've seen the GS4 survive multiple drop tests from the top of a ladder onto concrete -- with no case for protection. It's built to take abuse. That's why this case makes sense. In my personal opinion, you need a case like this so you can lay the phone on any flat surface. It raises the screen and the camera lens off your desktop. It also improves the phone's grip in your hand. That's what it's for. And perhaps best of all, it barely adds to the phone's already wide and tall dimensions. If you've got a phone this big, do you really want it any bigger?
My only complaint is that the paint or coating whatever it is is not very well applied. The edges are still white and that really sticks out when on the phone - makes the otherwise beautiful  Voyager look ghetto.
Overall this is a great entry-level or emergency phone. The call quality rivals any phone I've used. Volume was loud and clarity was near-perfect.

-Connected easy and fast to my iPod Touch
This just happened to be about two weeks before Pokemon Go was released, so clearly he needs it more than ever now ;)

* Birthday?????????????????
6800	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent fresh batteries that last a long time. Price is hard to beat, a 5 pack here will cost you less than one battery in the store.
3905	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	There is not enough room to write all of the positive things about this product.  The added height of the included adjustable arm makes the shower comfortable for almost anyone, unless your are an aspiring NBA player.  The ease of cleaning, installation and adjustment makes this great for everyone.  The over-sized shower head makes it easy to shower without have to chase the water flow around the shower just to get rinsed off.

- Very unstable - I have to reset the phone once a day. In fact, just today for some unknown reason my Treo went back to factory settings. This meant that I had to track someone in IT down to "resync" the Treo with my Outlook account (This is not a trivial matter).
1.  It's a lot smaller than the picture might imply.  Compactness is nice, but you also want a hub that will stay put and that allows sufficient space between adjacent plugs.
I am impressed with this hub and would recommend it.

1. the stylus is too small (but hey I've got finger scrolling so I don't need it!)
2. it could use a little less plastic and more aluminum to give it a more solid feel


2) It doesn't synchronize instantaneously with my MPX220 like the HS850 did.  It always syncs eventually (15-60 seconds).
4687	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Purchased the pouch for the Galaxy note II. Very roomy, holds Note II plus cover. The design is great. Draw back to this case is the belt clip which started to tear off after about a week of use. Material for belt loop and clip could be made stronger. This is why I'm giving only two stars.


I have a Blackberry 8310 (which can be found in the "Options" --> "About" menus), which supposedly is what this screen protector is designed to fit. And, indeed, the screen protector is perfectly shaped to fit on the screen from just above the roller ball, all the way up to the silver speaker above the "BlackBerry" logo.
Pros:
2483	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had this bluetooth ear piece for at least 2 years. It is durable. I drop it all the time and it is still going strong. It is light weight, so it doesn't bother you too much for long conversations. The battery lasts a long time, after several years of use, the battery still goes several days between charges (with a couple hours of conversation and the rest of the time on standby, takes approx 2 hours to charge fully).
1. POIs are lacking and outdated (even after update).
Perfectly regulates the juice for your particular device.
9076	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I would give this product a 4.5 / 5 stars.
4632	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excelent product, thx
****Subaru owners****** - The "foot" of the barrier will hit where the middle seat's shoulder belt comes out of the car ceiling!!!  If your car has a ceiling-stored shoulder belt, there's a good chance it will interfere with the installation of this thing.  It still stays put, but the "foot" isn't angled, and it hits on an angled part of the ceiling.  Not as stable as I would have liked, but it stays put with monthly adjustments.
4248	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great sound and quality

* Mount antenna clear of obstructions.

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/White-adapter/dp/B000WKQ8LS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">White adapter</a>&nbsp;received from seller "CRONUZ" (not this listing) - 1 star:
7699	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Not the original one. Very bad product. To fragile. Is broken already only last week and half.  Fraud product. Bad quality. Not recommend to any one. Amazon don't advertise

308	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very nice item

The cable is a bit thick and as a result is stiff but not unmanageably so.
1743	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	1st set cracked in the center of the headband after about a month.  Once the crack appears the headset starts to disconnect the wires at the crack and the headset stops working entirely.  2nd replacement set cracked after about two weeks.  That was over a year ago, I didn't bother replacing it because why bother.  Then I found out they were issuing a different design entirely as replacements (freepulse).  Don't bother with this design unless it's free.
4772	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I really, really love these headphones.  They are easy to put on, the are comfortable to wear, but they break very easily.  I had them only 5 months before they self destructed.  I'm VERY careful with my stuff.  I never put them in a back pack or did anything that was rough with them.  They were on my head or on my desk.
9331	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well, Now I can finally wear my favourite headpones at work while using my I-phone.
--the calendar is very usable for tasks. In one push of a button, the entire month is displayed nicely with mark on days with impt appointments and to-do's. The week count is also indicated--useful for us in manufacturing, who counts workweeks.

2465	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	As a stereo headset, these have NO range, but they are better than nothing (try finding anything with the mini usb connector!) -- So go ahead and use these with your razr as a poor man's (woman's) mp3. But if your phone rings, remove the plug and use the phone itself ... the phone interferes with the sound (mic and ear) with the same buzz you get when a cellphone is placed next to a radio or desk phone. For telephone use, this set is worse than useless. But then again, look at the price - all you are paying for is a cheap set of stereo phones ... and that is all you get! Too bad, b/c the button on the mic enables voice dial, etc. If there is a magic trick to shielding these things short of a lead encasement, I would LOVE to know it!
8722	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is what you need when the trackball stops spinning in certain directions cause of lint or whatever. It's actually very easy to install and not expensive at all.
1.  Speaker Phone. Nice when driving or multitasking. Good audible range. I slip it in my shirt pocket and speak into the air. Works great!
Likes:
- Durability. Working non-stop for over 16 months, not a single problem.
-Some quirkiness in the 4.1 O/S

*Voice activated dialing works smoothly
longer have to sit next to an outlet just to charge my phone. It is a very

8185	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	...as promised. New seller came thru as promised. I have an iPhone that I gave up a well loved RAZR for. Now the RAZR is my backup/motorcycle riding phone. Thank you.
==========================

1253	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	pros sounds great and the flip mic helps with battery life.
9759	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Saves lots of money to change these yourself. These are as good as any.
I ran a couple charge tests on my Samsung Galaxy Nexus (Verizon) I started with the battery pack fully charged and the phone 100% dead, I was able to charge it up in under 3 hours and 20 minutes, the phone was at 50% charge at about 1hour and 50 minutes.  After the phone was charged there was still 50% of charge left in the battery pack, and this was using the standard battery in the galaxy nexus which is about 2000MaH. I then ran my phone battery completely down again and was able to charge it to 100% again! After this though the battery pack was dead, but I would say 2 full phone charges is very good!
One of my major complaints about these holsters is some DO NOT clip well to a belt and will pop off when you bend over.  This phone appeared to have a heavy duty clip which I was hoping would do the trick..That is not the case.  The clip is very large and it has too much slop allowing the case to move around.  Being bare metal, it is more slick and it will pop off your belt easily.  If you wear belts that are very thick  it may work perfectly.

They never get scratched, they don't reflect much and they protect your camera, for a fair price.
Cons:

964	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  Comfortable.  And at the price, its actually a better buy, in my opinion, than the Lg tone.  Tried the tone headset, and liked the feel of this one better.  Pair's easily. Great sound quality, and buds fit great.  And, most importantly for me, lasts all day on a single charge!  Have had for about 2 months now, and love it.
2191	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a great utility for simplifying some of the most common tasks such as archiving phone numbers and for transferring ringtones and graphics from a computer to the phone using USB, Infrared or Bluetooth connection.
Test#3 charged 50% on an IPAD 2


4703	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I plugged it into an outlet in Singapore and low and behold electricity came out the other end.  It's not crafted like a swiss watch but it's also not $200 so I'm more than happy with my experience.
But the most disappointing failure was that the headset would inexplicably disconnect from my AT&T Tilt in the middle of a call and the re-pairing would need to be done all over again. When you are driving and expecting a hands-free ride, this is a pretty serious problem.
4636	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Not slim, but a good design. Unfortunately the quality of the material is abysmal and they started falling apart after 2 weeks. If they had used good quality material it'd be 5 stars, but as it is, you are better off finding an alternate.


602	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I just got this phone and it's really slick but there is one very significant design flaw in the Treo 600 that will cost you a ton of money -- BEWARE.
Battery life: Much better than the N95, though it is not even close to what's in the spec. I don't know why Nokia doesn't think about that. The battery should be at least 1300mAh to give a decent battery life between charges.
-laser is actually useful
5189	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love the BT3030. I use it with the Jabra A120s on my iPod as well as with my Cyber Blue Bluetooth USB dongle.
 My biggest objection to the headset, and I guess it is minor--I don't like the flashing blue light that tell me it is on.  I have it SET to NOT flash, but if I get outside of range (>30 feet or so) when I am NOT talking on it and then re-enter range, it will start flashing again--if I stay out of range too long (more than a few seconds).  I can't see the flash but others can--and I sometimes forget to check it for flashing--and end up looking like a Christmas tree.  To put it back into its non-flash mode again, I find I have to turn it off and then turn it back on again.  If anyone knows how to deal with this quirk I would appreciate knowing how.
* Birthday?????????????????

1265	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This headset works ok. I do have people that can tell I'm not on the normal phone. THe biggest problem is that it doesn't have enough volume to really be used in my car (which is a pretty quiet car). I will be shopping for another headset. The "bulk packaging" really leaves you feeling like your missing something as well. Finally, compared to earlier bluetooth headsets that I've had, this one is VERY limited on features. No mute that I can figure out, limited range (about 7 feet), and using flash requires a long hold on the same button that will hang up the phone.

Texting

los recomendo good purchase ....ok


469	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	A nice clip. Very useful for a lot of things.
Above all, I like the fact the menu settings are identical to the V300 (my previous phone), so I know every little quirks in the menus and how to set it to be very efficient. I can access the phone book, ring settings, voicemail, recent calls, camera, datebook, pictures, all with a single button click. You just need to setup the phone properly.
In short, this phone is not recommended. Purchasing a bigger phone with bigger buttons that are actually useable and a battery life that can last carry one through a business day are much better options.


On the front near the bottom, there is a 7th USB type A receptacle  (at the bottom of the unit when it's in the stand) a USB mini type A receptacle (to connect the hub to the computer)
7012	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	charger works great and compatible with rumor, usb cable fits rumor but mini-cd software NOT compatible with rumor, ie. drivers are for another model of LG phone, not for rumor. Supplier got the order half right, half wrong.
8474	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	SMALL I wanted a 2nd radio to carry on my person in case I fall off the boat. (F18 sail boat)  ALL the radios failed reviews for "water proof" so I didn't expect it (and it does LOOK POOR ON THIS RADIO - BAD TO NO SEAL) so I purchased the  Kwik Tek dry pak.  Will carry the radio in that dry VHF radio case in my dry suit pocket.

4226	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The only drawback to this holster is that it is just big enough for the phone itself.  You cannot put your iPhone in a case and then put it in the holster...it won't fit!
7403	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Couple this case with a icord that will control your iphone/ipad and you have a perfect, sealed case that protects against water and dust, sand etc. Perfect for the beach or anything outdoor. A little bulky but that just translates into protection. I even clip this to my belt loop and wear it mowing the yard. Great price for the protection it provides.
The other feature I'd like to see is the on/off switch changed.  As it is, I plug the phone in, then turn the unit on to wake it up.  It turns itself off after the phone is unplugged a short while.  I'd like to see it maybe turn itself on automatically when the iphone is attached to charge (like the NT600C does).  And, maybe have a built-in plug like the NT600C as well.  The unit is so compact, but having to remember a separate USB cord and power supply is a pain.
3595	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great case for the Samsung Galaxy Note II. It handles the size of the Note II well and provides easy access to all buttons.
Ordered 4, 2 were DOA.
23	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This case is very cute!! I've gotten so many complements. Two problems though!! The case is VERY hard to take off, I had to get my dad to help me take it off!! And the second problem is the diamonds start to come off over time.
I have yet to find the perfect speakerphone. This one was as close as I got, but still a long, long way from ideal. Can't believe it costs so much...
3586	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I also have another full featured GPS that does everything.  So why did I buy the Nuvi 200?  Because its easy to use and doesn't require I re-read the manual each time I want to use it. The lack of bluetooth, text-to-speech, mpg, etc. just get in the way to what a GPS unit main function is.  The lack of the congested traffic receiver option doesn't worry me.  It won't help if you don't live in a major metro city or are unwilling to pay the extra subscription fee.  The only negative comment is that Garmin offers several extras (i.e. downloadable extra car icons, POI mgr, etc.) but don't tell you about them on the website or the manual, so need to Google the web to find out how to download them on their website.
-Fit: unlike most other headsets (especially the *terrible* jawbone series!), this fits wonderfully. It had three earpieces you can try, but even without that the large size and over-the-ear design makes it hold on your ear snugly but comfortably. I could take a punch to the face and not lose the headset; if I were merely to glance down the jawbone type would fall off...

With this cable, the picture looks slightly more sharp, crisp, vivid, which I like.  The ugly "jaggies" are more clearly ugly, as expected.  (Jaggies are staircase edges for diagonal lines and circles that are mostly visible in low-resolution graphics where smooth tones / anti-aliasing is not used to hide them.)  The Wii already has jaggies with the standard cable, but they are sharper and thus more obvious with the component cable cable.
The biggest issue is switching between silent/vibrate and ring modes. The Treo gets this right: there is a simple, easily visible, sliding switch. You can see instantly what mode you're in, and can switch into silent mode without even removing the Treo from its holster.


787	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good
The good:
How does it perform?

4139	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset has been working flawlessly for two years.  Sound is still great.  Has the original battery.  I must admit I don't get many calls.
My four-star rating means this cable does exactly what it should do very well, with no particular benefits over similar products, and I'm totally satisfied.  I reserve five stars for products that excel the others or exceed my expectations.
547	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Pretty much useless. I don't really notice any difference in the reception. Waste of money even though it is cheap.
1) Size - easily pocketable
Conclusion:
2) I haven't asked the people on the other line how my audio sounded, but I've never heard any complaints - i.e. that my voice was too soft or inaudible or static - so whatever echo and noise cancellation technology Motorola uses, it apparently works.
Let me know if you have any questions, I'm happy to help.  I know I was super skeptical about the purchase given the horrible reviews, but I also noticed they were from 2008.  The purchase was the best investment for my sanity, and it will be for yours too.  I promise!
All said and done, I have to thank the vender and AMAZON.
It's neat, and well designed. The only downside is that the on/off and connected lights are weak, particularly with the roof down, but then they'd need to be searchlights to to be seen in those conditions.
749	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Quality and sturdy. Installed with no issues. Make sure you get the polarity right, or you will toast your chargers (lesson learned).

4121	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I brought two of this from Amazon. The service is good,and product is good too!
The printed manual was also poor, seeming like the writers just made sure they wrote about all the features as opposed to explaining them in-depth.
Navigation: Those that say navigation on the Shine is difficult are clearly retarded: physically or mentally. The joystick on the Shine takes no practice to nail. It is very easy to use, and is not too small. The SE, with no joystick, as imagined, is also very easy to use. My only caveat with the SE is that there's no dedicated end call button like my old Nokia. The numbered menus in the Shine are very easy to use.
4002	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Iphone in a case will easily fit and slide out without a problem. My husband likes the belt loop as many clips will slip off.
1022	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It gives more bars then had before. Such a perfect item. Made my bf very happy as well. So perfect of an item.
22	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	here is another I love as well!!!, I am so happy with my phone cover,, I get so many compliments from other females!!!! but it is my phone that wears it!!!!

8823	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is MUST OWN product!!  I carry one in my purse and my husband carries one as well.  Not only does it give me peace of mind that I won't be stranded with a dead phone, it works REALLY well!  The size and convenience is unmatched.  I don't know how many times I have let someone use it when their battery is dead and they all want to know where I bought it!  It sells itself!  Great product - one of my faves from New Trent.
7193	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this battery instead of just buying a whole new phone because I was simply tired of charging it all the time. What a difference from what we were going through!! Now a single charge lasts several days instead of charging several times in one day. Awesome choice!
A few issues I have:
-Hard to open flip with one hand

I found I could usually go 2-3 days between charges with my casual cell phone use (~20 min a day?). If you are a heavy cell user, expect about 3-4 hours of talk time in 1 day. If you need more you will have to charge this thing halfway through the day.
2.  Display is very good for its size. The camera takes 640 x 480 color images. I bought a 32 meg card to increase storage. I recently used the phone as my principle camera on vacation to the Smokies. Worked great.
If you're looking for a pair of headphones to kick back with, you will be disappointed.
This is also a very small and slick looking device.  It has caught the attention of many passer byers and it's very easy to tote around.

738	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Worked for me! I just wish the socket was a little deeper.
4893	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've tried jabra & plantronics previously - both went back immediately.  Was happy with both my H850 and H700 until my GF broke both of them so went with the H710 as replacements.  Very pleased.  Improvement in sound quality over the H700 is minimal (I always thought the H700 sounded fine) but there are some serious improvements in functionality.  The volume is finally loud enough on this headset compared to my previous Motos.  The battery check feature is great (flip open, hold both volume keys and see what color the LED is).  Reception is excellent with both her Razr V3 and my BB 8310.  The flip to turn on, off feature is probably my biggest like for the Moto series and only one button to answer, etc. is a no-brainer ergonomic triumph.  It's lightweight, goes in pocket easily with no worries about accidentally turning on, etc.  Oh, and the tones to let you know you've established connection with your phone or diconnected are very nice additions by Motorola on this one.  This is my third H series headset and I really wish I would just quit trying any other brand - they've always been outstanding performers for me.
4197	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I thought it was kinda big...My ears are weird so it just did not fit on or in my ear.  For those who don't usually have problems with ear buds etc...it will work for you.  Also I think the one i got was defective...but it is a good product...top of the line.  I rate the technology a 10!
8835	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had been monitoring larger mobile chargers to replace my old Kensington and came across the New Trent iTorch. What grabbed me is the combination of mobile charger, flashlight AND laser pointer. You can find a lot of units with the flashlight, but the integrated laser pointer is pretty rare and eliminates the need for yet another gadget.


8. Durable.  I used this hard for a few years and it has only now started to fall apart.  Still works though.
3641	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Cellet is garbage.  I had two of their brand cases and both broke soon after buying them.  They claim leather but it is really faux leather aka. plastic and its faux leather is the thickness of a dollar store Condom.
4509	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The device started well with an incredible volume, but after some months, I could barely hear it at its loudest.  Then one day, about 8 months into ownership, my phone couldn't find it any longer.  I was never able to connect to it again.

Easy to use
  cable exists but advertises 'no drivers, no software'

Cons:
7224	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have no problems.  Put my sims card in and worked.  Its in good shape,  very little scratches.  Happy with my purchase
7246	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	We purchased two of these phones one pink and the other black.  Black one center arrow buttons would not work so did not get past that and returned it.  Tried to make a call with the pink one today and it would not work correctly, they could hear me I could not hear them.  So it is now in the process of being returned.  How can this company sell such junk?
This is a top notch 5 out of 5 star product. Make it 6 stars.
On the bright side, the battery life is great, the voice dialing works a treat, and the controls are trivial to master.  The range is easily 30' from the phone and it retrains automatically.  I use the phone in traffic, usually with the windows or top down and it is easy to hear and be heard with this unit.  With its great design, it doesn't move at all and there is no danger of it falling or being knocked off.
How Well Does it Work?
8302	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok for the little price of this product. Lasted for a month and then sides were broken..
-LEDs to show charge level
6448	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	have this dual mode headset

6524	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Went from zero to hero. Only works I one room but that is better then none.

5710	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was looking for a durable case that would last.  The leather part is great and high quality. The belt clip is poorly made of cheap plastic and has broken 3X. I've already replaced clips and refuse to order more.
Caveat: The first one I got had a faulty microphone, no one could hear me. After laboriously working through Kensington's tech support, I did get a new one shipped to me at no cost that worked fine.
The included lithium battery has a ten year shelf life, so it will be ready when you need it. I consider it good, cheap insurance.
3940	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I start with jabra 250,bt500 and now the jabra bt5020. This is an excellent bluetooth and very light. I use to connect a plastic to it but now I am using this without it. I was thinking of getting a jabra bt2020 but I am so happy wearing this bt5020. Jabra customer service are very helpful if you have questions about it. I recommend this executive bluetooth headset.
9256	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife was looking for a case for her Palm Centro phone and we came across this one. Since, she hasn't dropped, lost, or been without her phone. I loops onto her belt and the magnetic closing is amazing! She loves it...
I barely get a bar with the older version.  The dB strength was consistently lower with this new version sadly.
6708	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	PLEASE, PLEASE READ MY WHOLE ARTICLE BEFORE BUYING ANY BOOSTER SYSTEMS.
52	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It actually took a very long time and I contacted them and they gave me a full refund but I still got it anyway for free :))) Since the second I put it on I get compliments all day and its gorgeous on my white phone. I did paint it with clear and all the diamonds are still there except some constantly fall off the ribbon. Its kind of hard so Im hesitant to drop my phone but its worth it if you don't mind changing the case in like a month. :)))
PRO's /  CON's
In summary, a great purchase.
3689	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I tried to use this and for the first hour it stayed in place but 5 minutes after the hour was up it fell right out. I wouldn't recommend this at all. I will just have to wait until I can afford to get my filling filled.

2463	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this headset for my V3 which works perfectly well. And it is as good as the original ones. I'm very satisfy with the product.

-  Sometimes turning on the laser pointer instead of turning off the device is little bit confusing.
of the traveling and running around we did over the 3 days, it came in so

1. Build
The company told me I could "gently" bend the loops to fit my ear better.  They also recommended Jabra ear gels instead of the Aliph ear buds.  They also recommended a place that can make a custom gel earbud (for about $65 + shipping).
2356	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second purchase of this WEP200 headset so that I have a backup as I have misplaced my first one a few times too many.  The people I talk with on the phone tell me that my voice is very clear using this head set, even while driving in a noisy van.  It is small, fits fairly well, easy to use, easy to charge and reasonably priced.  I've had my first WEP200 headset now for over a year and still going strong (when I don't misplace it), so I ordered a second.  I would like to see more various ear sizes of the gel fitting supplied with this headset.  That would make it totally top notch for everyone.
910	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I shopped and shopped. Researched and the opinions all said this is such a good unit.
3187	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Second one that  I bought. Perfect if you need more power signal on the road

First of the good things:
9895	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	When the product arrived I immidiately placed a screen protector sheet on my Blackberry. I was happy to see that this covered more of the screen than the previous protectors I have used in the past and it is thin yet very durable.
2. Turns on and off with the swing out of the boom mike.
8318	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	the skin is very well made and very precise.  I would prefer more skin around the front of the blackberry.

7145	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It fits my palm pilot perfectly and works great!
6770	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Most of these batteries were dead on arrival. I wonder how long they've been on the shelf.
for phones that is capable of multiple phone charges per single charge of the charger. The added light and laser pointer are features that I'll certainly use.
4657	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is what I needed, have a Galaxy S3 phone and never could find a carrier to use with my cover on it.  This works great, would buy from the seller again as the shipping was fast.  Thanks
I don't know why I waited so long to get one.  It's so nice to be hands free!
the only thing is that the mic boom seems to rub up on my cheek or is very close so sometimes it will make a scratching sound for the caller (since it's rubbing against my cheek).  I haven't heard that complaint from other reviewers here so maybe it's unique to me.  I don't have big cheeks so I don't get it.
Background noise suppression is stereotypical, if there's noise, the person on the other end will most likely hear some translation of it. The mic is not as sensitive as those found in the Jawbone, so doing something productive like washing dishes won't blow out the eardrum of whoever you are speaking with, but they will hear some level of noise(the Jawbone is brutally painful for that!). I think this is the 5th or maybe 6th plantronics I've bought, and I'm sure it won't be the last.

There're a couple features that may matter to others but not me:
For more information on the different models and features of the different kinds of nuvis, you may refer to the chart in the Amazon description of the product.  It will more or less give you a breakdown of what you need to know.

3612	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this case! It doesn't look cheap, arrived on time, I can place it inside if my change purse wallet with the silver snap closure. It does protects your phone's edges. I recommend this case.
-There are 3 buttons on the front of the cigarette adapter (for phone, music and power). These are rubber membrane switches. After being in the car overnight in single digit temperatures, the buttons would depress but not spring back. When it warmed up, they would work fine.
I used it maybe a total of 3 hours.



7896	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	nope.. don't fit my apple iphone as advertised.. too much trouble to send em back...
8166	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This charger works fine.  At a fraction of the price you'd pay at the phone store, this gets the job done.
629	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I returned. it did not fit the cycle computer. I guess it is not correctly described.
4355	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This product is not expensive - but it does not work with the current iPod Shuffle - I was not pleased!
6677	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this booster for my home office. For some reason the cell service at my house has gone from great to intermittent over the past year. I can actually watch the "bars" on my smart phone go from zero to 4 bars and back down again over a few minute span. Repeated calls to Verizon were of no help, same issue with multiple phones, etc... I was at the point of either going with a land line or a VOIP phone, as I need to be able to receive and place calls from my home at will, not while standing on one foot on the edge of the porch outside.
Very LIGHT

*) Using call waiting isn't too bad - when you go to call waiting it is easy, but retrieving a call is painful
The only thing I could ask for would be covers (preferably spring-loaded) for the big ugly "lighter" ports because for me they won't normally be in use. I think they would look better covered up like the one on my car itself. In fact, I would probably have preferred a version of this with 4 x USB and 0 or 1 lighter ports, but sadly I haven't seen anything like that.
4956	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Purchased 2 of this item to use with iPhone 5.  Neither work appropriately.  They alternate between making popping sounds through the speakers or transmitting only the left channel.
There is a problem when you look up it seems to cut out and get staticy. I think it has something to do with getting caught in the folds of your neck.
The mirror finish is very nice but obviously a fingerprint magnet for anyone who worries about that.
- Two extra cables on for android and one as an extension.
6279	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this after reading countless reviews for various portable charging devices and am SO glad I did.  My husband and I were both able to keep our phones charged on a trip with 30 hours total travel time.  I was able to watch movies and my husband listened to his iPod during all 4 of our flights and 10 hours of layover in addition to the occassional extra charge needed when we were away from our hotel for long periods of time.  I also use this charger when I've been on my cell phone at my day job all day and don't have time to charge it.  I plug my phone in while it's in my purse in my locker at my evening job.  It turns itself off once my phone is charged, so there's no risk of damage to either device when left unattended.  I'm able to get my phone from no charge to full charge at least 4-5 times before I need to recharge the charger itself.
3802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice product... not much to say.  The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the springy (+) tip to plug into my car's socket isn't very springy, and at first the thing wouldn't stay in the socket.  I intend to hardwire though.  For that purpose, the included cable is a little short (about 40") if you need to custom route it.  Otherwise it's a nice length. The product easily opens up and it looks like a power cord replacement is a simple solder job even for a novice like myself.  I'm also impressed that they put an extra fuse on the inside of the device in case someone tries to put a bigger fuse into the thing to get more power.
Matt
Camera is the same as the V300, though because the screen is larger, it gives the impression that the resolution of the photos have decreased.
7944	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Now that I have the new iPhone 5, many normal headphones don't work with it while it's in my Otterbox case. I need the case as I have really bad luck with technology... and this handy device solves all of my problems! Good quality product, and -- even better -- it's super inexpensive.
some useful resources: howardforums, aximsite, xda-developers, modaco
6478	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's hard to review this in a way because there are so many variables that make it worthwhile or not worthwhile, depending upon your situation, circumstances and level of expectation. All I can do is explain my circumstances and hope it helps someone. I live way out in the woods, so it's very rural. I'm surrounded by trees on all sides which block my signal considerably. So my signal has always been bad, but then I went and put a metal roof on my house. Had I known it would just about kill my signal I may not have done it, I only learned afterward that a metal roof will do that. So it was a lousy connection before the metal roof, then with the metal roof I started getting dropped calls, etc. Just a terrible experience. I had to sit in a certain place, with my head in a certain direction to talk and even then it often wouldn't work, I was constantly cutting out or getting dropped.
6723	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT AT LOW PRICE
3998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	wears quickly
2235	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Honestly, I have only had Cingular and T-mobile. I switched from Cingular because of the ridiculous surcharges and improper billing I was constantly faced with. After switching to T-mobile in July of 06 I can now say that I regret leaving Cingular. T-mobile has the worst reception I have ever seen. Almost anywhere I don't get service, someone with Cingular, Verizon, or Sprint does. I don't even get service in my own apartment with T-mobile and I am trapped in a contract with them until July 08. Once thats over though, I am gone for sure and I will NEVER return to T-mobile. Buyer beware, scams, cheats, and liars is all T-mobile is and ever will be. BTW when the phone I received with the contract broke (Samsung t809) they told me the phone was known for being defective and they had discontinued it, the only thing T-mobile was willing to replace my phone with was a RAZR. HA WOW THANKS! T-mobile is awful.

 The Laser Light worked well throughout.  As to the length of time of available usage for the laser light I cannot attest.  I have little usage for such.  This charger recharged my iPad3 37% and iPad Mini 60% before shutting off.
7927	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a low cost product which works well in the Mophie case for my iPhone.  It is about $25 cheaper than ruining a headphone cord pulling it in and out of the Mophie.  I would strongly recommend this to everyone as the way to go until someone comes out with a slim 3 cm cordless jack extension which fits in a Mophie.
I would purchase this phone again if for nothing else, the price and battery. Those with high expectations of getting more than a basic feature phone your aiming too high.

2) A mounting bracket with strong adhesive on the flat back portion that will stick on the dashboard of your car if desired and will hold the cradle unit with phone. The thing I don't like about that is it's a fairly permanent attachment that might damage the car if you try to remove it.  I'm also not delighted with the moveable arm to which the cradle attaches as it moves around too easily so the cradle with the phone in it doesn't sit steady.

Although I do not recommend the iTorch for a tablet, it is a sleek minimalistic backup battery that is perfect for phones.
4883	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very simple, sturdy design. I have tried a few headsets and this one is easy to put on, stays put, and sounds great. A couple of times when flipping open the boom to turn on, the unit will connect and then disconnect and will keep doing this until I leave a certain area. Not sure if there are some things that cause interference but not a major issue. Much easier to put on and use than the newer jawbone 2.....also easier to put in a pocket.....not as fragile.
1. The on-off switch is very small and hard to use. I find that I have to push it with my thumbnail to make it work. If you have smaller fingers, you may have less of a problem.
Overall a great device, that I've long wished for without even realizing these products existed. Now that I have experienced being unfettered by wall chargers I can't imagine going back to having to stand by a power outlet for hours on the phone.
7173	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good
On the pros the battery life is reasonably good. Form factor is ok and the build quality is better than other phones like the xv6700. The screen clarity and contrast is also very good. As a phone it is acceptable.
###############
1669	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this headset for about two weeks with a Blackberry 8700C. The headset has a very comfortable fit and the volume is nice and loud. The downside is that the battery life seems a bit sub-standard. I have been caught several times using it and running out of batteries. I also have some random disconnects with my Blackberry. Tough to say whether these disconnects are phone or headset related. I think this is a great value for the money though and prefer it over the Motorola's and Jabra's (better fit, louder sound). There is some difficulty pressing the buttons on this headset too - nothing that I could not work around though.


For Blackberry users like me you might consider buy a retractable usb cable because the Cable that comes with it won't charge Blackberry Torch neither the Playbook, so that was only the issue i had, but apparently this was made for iphone, so iphone and android users, you guys won't have the same issues i had.

470	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Not a good product. This is cheaply made and way to bulky. I bought this for my bluetooth headset case and i regret it. Just crappy plastic. It also has no click control for the turning on your belt so it constantly turns and rotates on it's own. I hope this helps!
3334	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well, image is sharp and clear with no ghosting. Arrived quickly, seems to be well made. Get this if you're looking for a component cable for your Wii.

6013	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received the iTorch IMP52D about a week ago and have played with it for a few days. The product is easy to use and doesn't take a rocket scientist to operate it. The simple instructions that came in the box show exactly how to use it for those who are new to the tech world. I was able to sustain my battery on my tablet while traveling with my son last weekend. No need for extra charging ports in my car which was already occupied by my phone charger.
3529	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Just as pictured

There are two elbows which allow for various positions, along with a ratcheting rotating clockwise or counterclockwise motion. The installation was a breeze. However, I found out that if you turn your wall pipe that comes out of the wall upward, this will allow the complete assembly head to have a higher spray inside of a traditional bath/shower enclosure.
917	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good sound, unbelievably long range, easily 50-60 feet.  not as comfortable as lg and the battery life isn't very reliable, something it gives me 8 hours sometimes only 4 hrs. I only use it to listen to audio books.
667	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	slides around on my dashboard

5602	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I should of gotten this cover as soon as I got my phone.....it woulda saved my phone a couple of dents and scratches. I just wish the cover would be a little more fitting to my phone.....it is a little loose but it does come with a slot for every button/feature on for this phone(the smart palm centro).
I purchased the IMP500 with plans to use it only on trips but I do find myself using it more frequently than expected..especially when I am not near an outlet.
4738	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Jawbone is as expected. Sound quality is very good and the unit is quite comfortable for those of us with small ears. Could be a little smaller (thus 4 instead of 5 stars).
6741	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.
slider is sensitive so you may answer calls when you don't mean to
Overall opinion: This is a very nice and inexpensive device.  The only reason I did not give it five stars is due to the battery life.  I just make sure I charge it once a week so I don't have any problems with dropping a call.
954	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My LG HBS-730 that I use for bike rides with no problem.  Recently, the route I took has a lot of interference from the near by power lines and tower.  Music from LG glitches so much that I can't enjoy my music anymore.  I also have a Plantronics BackBeat Go 2.  This one is a little bit better, but my music still glitches and break up at the area with the most interference.  My phone is a Samsung Galaxy S4 Active and it's stored in my bike jersey back pocket, which is less than two feet from the headset.

The size is good, it fits in my briefcase or pocket nicely and is easy to travel with. I use the light more than I thought I would. The carrying pouch is a nice touch.
Last night I left it charging all night to make sure it had a full charge. I unplugged it this morning and went to pair/connect it with my IPOD only to see that it was already connected although I hadn't even turned it on.
on your needs. I would prefer the IMP52D when at a conference or day
3430	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very light and comfortable. Easier to place and stay in my ear than 900 series.
9947	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast service. Product was as described.
The Jabra BT 3030 was exactly what I needed.  I wear it around my neck and use retractable ear buds to limit the cord mess.  I love being able to pause, play, skip forward or back without having to touch my phone.  It even works great to attach my work badge too.
========================
811	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Overall, I really like the phone but I have to say that I have experienced the issues the many of the reviewers have also.
I tested the quad-band GSM phone in San Francisco/Bay Area using my existing Cingular wireless service.  I got the same quality as the old Nokia 6102i phone.  Call quality was decent.
7612	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's a sleeve, it protects my wife's iPhone 5s, and it does the job nicely.  The bag isn't super soft or high quality, but it's perfect for her phone when she is throwing it into a bigger purse or travel bag.
7900	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works as designed.  I bought this to fit through the headphone jack on my Mophie and into the iPhone 5s so I didn't have to carry the one that comes with the Mophie around with me. It works, but I did have to shave a just a bit of the plastic off the base of the jack with a razor blade.
iPhone in bedroom 30 feet away:
5599	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	To get right down to the point:
A very small and light, solidly built, Blue Tooth headset that is feature rich and an outstanding performer, both in connectivity and audio quality. If I get good life from the battery (long term), it will be one of my best ever electronic purchases.
5309	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size.
399	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	She fell in love with the design. She says it's a better quality than she expected for the price. She wants to buy more soon too.

I don't have a smartphone, so my not-so-smart-phone may not be the best indicator of how easy it is to insert a mobile phone into the Drive 4G-S cradle. The best way I found to slide my phone into the cradle was to first completely remove the side arms from the cradle. This is done by sliding each arm individually up the side of the Drive 4G-S until it is removed. The width of the arms can be adjusted to three different widths, depending on the width of your phone. (Note: Don't try to adjust the width by pulling the arms sideways. Push each arm up and out, then insert again from the top a little closer until they fit your phone--there are three settings: narrow, medium & wide). My phone is only about 2" wide, so I needed to adjust the arms to the narrowest setting. It appears that the arms can be adjusted to a maximum width of a little over 3". Since I don't have one of the large smartphones to test it out, I'm calculating the maximum width the best I can. As I mentioned earlier, the arms also slide up and down so they can be set to the right height to secure each phone. I thought the adjustable design of the arms was one of the best and most practical features on this Drive 4G-S. By the way, I inserted my not-so-smart-phone with its case still on. I would suspect, though, that this may not be possible for all phones depending on how much extra bulk the case adds.

7902	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	just what I needed to make my 5S with a battery case work with everything


2964	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these about 8 weeks ago for use at work.  So far, here's my experience:

Proprietary interface for charging instead of the new micro USB standard
1160	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've owned quite a few USB hubs and this one is, by far, the easiest to use I've had yet. Plug it in to the computer and hook up the AC adapter...and you're up and running. That's it, couldn't have been easier to install. It's also fast, one thing that used to drag my other hubs down was moving stuff from one external drive to another if they were both on the same hub. I'm not sure if this thing has some built-in feature for doing that in a cleaner way, but it is a lot faster than anything I'd seen before.
6542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Counld not receive or transmit a cell phone signal until installation.  Highly recommended.
- The lights never go off. They are on even if nothing is plugged into a port! I prefer the lights to be tied to data transfer, but at least they should only be on when something is attached to a port, right?
4)  Pocket Tunes Deluxe included, which means that (preferably with an unlimited data plan) you can stream music from sites like shoutcast.com.

3G: The N82 doesn't come w/ US 3G frequency, unfortunately.
the phone is on the low end of bluetooth. You can hear fine through the speakers but the person on the other end often has problems hearing you. I've had complaints of muffled, bottom of a well, and windy (especially with AC blowing full blast.) Also, when you switch from bluetooth back to radio, it doesn't play the station you were on. It's just silent. You have to choose another station and then go back to the station you want to listen to. It's kind of annoying.


The camera takes great pictures when you have good light. It doesn't perform as well doing indoor photos, but what do you want for 1.3 MP?

Update 6/16/06
I bought this in conjunction with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/elago-iPhone-3G-Slim-Fit-Case-Black-Microfiber-Cleaner-Made-in-Korea/dp/B001GZO10I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">elago iPhone 3G Slim Fit Case - Black + Microfiber Cleaner (Made in Korea)</a>&nbsp;and couldn't be happier.


Now is it better than a wired headset? No, probably not.  Every now and then I did lose 1 second of sound during a couple of songs but really, 1 second?
my gadget bag.


Ir's pricey, but considering what you get, it's definitely worth it.
5065	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good holder for your Ipod, phone or gps they hold. I had one on my Ipod for 2yrs. this one for the wife bike. the good you will not be disappointed.

2731	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone case for my boyfriend. When I received it I was totally impressed, it is has a very good quality material. It fits perfectly to the phone. It shipped very quickly, I'm a happy customer!


5403	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	i bought this for my new iPhone 3G. it doesn't work because it is not compatible with it.
- My wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect.

Finally, the memory... all whopping 5MB of it. There's about 1MB of crappy animated backgrounds and unwanted ringtones that you cannot delete as well, and no room for expansion memory (eg. flash memory devices). With flash memory at less than $20 for 256MB, I don't understand why Motorola would only put 5MB in their high-end phone (originally listed at $500+). Between the camera, custom wallpapers and ringtones (if you shell out the cash for them), and other media, that 5MB is really inadequate.

- Ear piece & Microphone
8492	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this phone because it had Walkman FM radio, too. This phone is pretty (I got the PINK one), lightweight, has lots of whiz-bang menu selections, but doesn't wow or impress me as much as the Samsung A737 or Samsung A747 models which I bought for my children. I listen to the radio a lot, more than MP3s and really thought this feature would be cool.  If you like effects, it has 16 settings for flashing light patterns customized for every caller.  It takes a day to find out how to set the patterns in all the menus....
So, if any using spigen phone case and wanted to use this adapter for putting aux then this will not work
 I don't want to sound like a fanboy, but in the world of backup power for the digital devices we all have to carry, the IMP52D from New Trent packs a lot of support into a very small package. It's by no means the largest power pack produced by New Trent, but it does live up to the big standard that this company has established over the last few years
5382	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work!  Came in 2 unmatched parts.  Seems as if cobbled together to try to get it for said device
I keep the phone in my front pants pocket throughout the day and the case is still easy to take in and out of my pocket and doesn't collect pocket lint. Taking the phone off and putting it back on is easy and it doesn't seem to be stretching from that.
SE: 9/10 Shine: 1/10
All in all, my experience has been very positive.  Obviously, one's experience with the phone may depend on where one lives.  I will add that my father has a Tracfone in Little Rock, Arkansas and has had no problems and a good friend in Ithaca, New York loves his Tracfone.  So while I know some have had problems, no one that I know has.  I will add that I love how inexpensive the service is relative to other providers.  So far it looks like I will be spending about $20 a month for my cell phone.  At home I use Vonage, which comes after taxes to around $25 a month.  $45 total for both a landline and cell phone seems really reasonable to me.
Dislike:
8832	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I think this is the perfect size for her purse.  she always needs some juice just when she doesn't have a charger handy.
9786	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really not much to say but that they work very well.

9042	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	while i didn't use the laser or the light function in my own life, im sure others enjoyed it. others liked it so much i sold it to a friend for 30 bucks
9328	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It charges cell phone while it is connected to laptop for broadband access, & charges the spare battery:  It does what it says.

3478	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Hard plastic with no enough grip.  I tried it once and then never used it again
9318	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly, it fits and was very reasonably priced. I have only had it for about 6 weeks so I cannot speak to its durability.
9992	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	WORKED WELL USED IT ALOT. IM GLAD I GOT THIS BATTERY HELPED ME ALOT WHEN I WASNT NEAT A CHARGER
3578	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The reason we bought this was because of the price; under $200, but because of its low price I was worried it won't work very well or be missing directions.


4311	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is easily the best bluetooth headset I've used. I use a cell phone in my home office all day, and I need a headset that sounds very natural and as close to a land line sound as possible. This one delivers that, with very clear sound on both ends.  It's also the lightest one I've used, and it's very easy to wear it all day without discomfort. It also doesn't drop connections with the phone (a blackberry).  I've used a jawbone (sounds like it's a shortwave radio transmission), nokia bh-900 (clear but very uncomfortable for all day use), and a half dozen others in the last few years, and the others don't come close.  I also like that it comes with additional ear loops, but I doubt I'll need them since the earloop seems sturdier that the little wire loops most headsets come with, and I won't be carrying it in my pocket due to discomfort.
7774	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I previously owned the H700 headset and loved it but needed support for 2 phones since I carry my personal cell phone and work phone as well during the day. I was disappointed to find out when I opened this that Motorola changed the more universal mini-USB plug charger with a new connector that is proprietary from what I can tell. This headset looks nearly identical to the H700 and works well in every other way but this new connector looks to me like a money grab to sell accessory chargers. I have no trouble using the headset for a couple days without recharging but if I do buy a car charger I will make every effort to avoid Motorola accessories so as not to reward their bad behavior.
So activate this sim online and when u have a working phone number,
3784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Did your car come with only one 12V Socket? Do you have long trips in your car where you wish you could charge your MP3 player or phone while you're cruising instead of watching that battery plummet? Well, look no further because this adapter will solve all these problems.
1996	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been looking for this type of charger for at least 4/5 months.  It does the job and lets me know when the charge is complete.

As for the Bluetooth, now that I have them paired, they hook up almost instantly.  I can't use them in the car because I have a BT transmitter for the stereo and they conflict with each other but other than that, I can roam around without dropping the BT on the earbuds.  By the way, I also noticed a difference in the EQ by switching ear pieces, albeit ever so slight.  One setting sounds like it has less bass, one with a little more and one with almost a slight bassy echo.

-Responsive, dependable Palm OS compatible with a huge software library
2398	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping... and the price is so... good.
4061	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly the little tool I was looking for to keep handy when we travel. It can charge my phones nicely. We have two Nokia 5800 XM smartphones and they charge nicely. The vendor was very prompt with email queries as well as shipping.
OVERALL:
Range: I haven't had big problems with wandering away from my phone, but they definitely don't really have a "half-football-field" range as advertised.  I imagine if you were walking away from your phone on a football field, you could get up to 50 yards away, but the 150 foot advertised range is obviously with no interference.  I can get across my office building though before they start to lose signal, but the signal loss is worse if I say, turn around (with my head/neck directly between the phone and the receiver) I probably lose 15-20 feet of range.

2. The laser pointer turms on with the short click. NewTrent will have to weigh on TSA guidelines and whether it is deemed safe for use in-flight.
the operation is standard SE style, if you are familiar, you'll be OK without reading manual


I love this product. It does more than I hoped it would, and enhances my life far beyond its low cost (got mine for $35). If you have an mp3-enabled phone with lots of memory (like a Q or Blackjack with a good-capacity MicroSD card) and you like talk radio, get one of these and prepare for a great experience. You'll find yourself leaving the iPod and headphones at home because they're just too much of a hassle and this stuff works great.
  d.  Fits in jean pocket and comes with a case
button simplicity.
99	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product ordered two more after first arrived
good downloads for ringtones, games and apps

TIP: It is hard to hear sometimes in loud areas, but I have removed their earpiece and put a jabra ear gel on the speaker to resolve the volume issues to seal it in your ear. This addition completes this headset.
9934	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy the metal belt clip on this pouch.  It allows transferring my radio from my chest rig to duty belt when needed, all without having to rely on the flimsy belt clip that is common on smaller UHF/VHF radios. The elastic sides allows for a tight fit if I am trying to include an ear piece, but once in the pouch, the elastic acts as another layer of security to ensure my connection will never be lose.
2637	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Received headset Dead on Arrival. Was told to ship back for replacement. Shipped back at my expense and was then informed a week later that it was discontinued and I was refunded the price less shipping. So I'm out $12 in shipping for the joy of holding this nice looking piece if junk.


579	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This a high quality band and it feels and looks way better than the leather band that came with my Moto 360 2nd.  The only issue I have is that the buckle sticks out because it doesn't set down flat due to the stiffness of the rubber.  See attached picture.
6958	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The was a sweet holder. I picked one up at Wal-Mart and I was surprised at how well it worked. It come with a plastic disk that I stuck on to the inside of my slide-out cup-holder in my truck - it worked perfectly. Unfortunately someone broke into my truck and stole it (and my sub-woofers). I never used my sub-woofers. I was more upset about my iPhone mount being stolen! I couldn't find another one at Wal-Mart. Thank goodness for Amazon! :)

I have nothing against the product itself...my OLD Motorola phone still recognizes it immediately, but the fact that it is incompatible with other phones is ridiculous.
1041	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	it helps. you need to keep it off when not in use, otherwise you replace the battery often.

I will buy it next time too.

Didn't have the heart to deduct a whole star for the volume thing, so please take this review as 4.5 stars. I recommend this case.
5219	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This definitely makes my electronic area look a lot nicer.  It's just a pain when I go on trips and have to get charger out of here.
4)An inexpensive fix for poor reception, but in my case at least, only one room reception (as advertised), and all that I needed

* WiFi (802.11g) with WEP, WPA/WPA2, and EAP/802.1x authentication (for corporate environments)
3096	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits great!
2168	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone from a different vendor ( No need to buy the data plan, and still get the phone free) and this phone is simply awesome. I live in Northern VA, and I did not have any issues with  connecting to T-Mobile network.
To release iphone, you have squeeze the sides and press the button in the back.
I have yet to fully install the new stereo in my dash because I have spent all this time and money making sure it was going to work first before I either install it or put the original stereo back in and forget a new one in this vehicle for now. I hope I can get everything to fit in such a cramped space with stereo, wires, and new oversized box. It is much larger than I expected.
9579	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this product. It did not perform as described.  I tried both an inside and an outside installation. The outside installation did increase signal strength, but the inside installation did not increase the signal. The problem with the outside installation was that I live in a region that has a lot of thunder and lightning storms. The added expense of the outside lightning protector made the product too expensive.
voice call is OK, but as other users stated, the level is kinda low (esp speakerphone), firmware upgrade (R1KC001) will help
no spell checker for the email

I used a Lexar 2GB micro SD to transfer and store MP3, WMA, MOV and JPG  files. The photos are bigger in portrait mode than opening the phone in landscape mode, but the pictures appear to use less area on the screen than on other Samsung phones U504.
Again, my BIGGEST complaint is that this thing constantly comes apart.  I've had it sort of settled in my ear and, while talking and sitting still, the earbud or hook will fall off and the headset drops to the floor.  I find this product extremely frustrating, and I'm sorry I bought it and kept it too long to return it.
5890	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works well prove was right bit I don't really feel I'm getting the right amount of power from it..  laser pointer is a nice touch as is the flashlight...
2884	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my tutle Beach X31's to hook up to my PC, it works great and the game audio comes into the speakers too, although on Ventrilo the mic does not work.
If you're looking for a reliable hub, this is it.
buit-in flashlight and laser pointer
Sadly, I don't really see this case lasting for more than a year becasue of the numerous times that I take it off for cleaning. But for the price I paid for it, which is half the price at the Verizon store, it doesn't really matter, as long as it protect my LG Voyager from little nicks as well as drop, for when the time comes...
I bought two and hooked one up to the PC and the other to the Mac and plugged 7 devices into each.  Everything worked and I did use the power just to make sure I could charge off of it if I wanted to.  This hub works perfect and the LED's look awesome.
1766	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had a Motorola headset, and it felt heavy and hurt my ear.  I had complaints from my callers that they could hear static.  This BT500 is lightweight, fits perfectly, and the volume and on/off button are rubberized and very easy to find and use.  This isn't even in the same ballpark as my other headset. I could wear this one for hours.  I am petite, and it fit perfectly.  The unit came with several earpieces, so you can find the perfect fit.  I LOVE IT!

All in, this is the best BlackBerry I've ever owned. Highly recommended.
Bottom line:  Excellent phone overall!
4221	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just purchased the Jawbone this week.  I did quite a bit of research before buying.  I tend to be pretty skeptical of Bluetooth headsets.  I currently own about 6 of them.  Two different models of Plantronics, 2 models of Jabra, and 2 models of Motorola.  This particular headset was of interest to me because I have a loud car (corvette)  and none of my other headsets do an adequate job of cutting out the road and engine noise.

5706	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked exactly how I wanted it too!
Comfort is the worst thing about this headset. Leaving it on for 1-2hrs your ear will be SORE. Half of the headset is very stiff plastic with heavy wire inside, other half is flimsy plastic (looks like it would be soft on the ear but doesn't seem that way). Doesn't seem to sit nicely in the ear and you can't adjust  up/down/back/forward. I can see why that is, because the ear part is spring-loaded to keep headset tight against the ear but it's not good.

1342	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	First off, I enjoy buying and switching cell phones and PDAs and trying out all the features, nit-picking their deficits, and praising their perfections...it's become a hobby, somewhat, and to date I have not found the perfect one of either (although Nokia phones are close).
2496	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This bluetooth was my first and worst. I couldn't hear alot on it and it didn't stay on my ear for nothing. I would stay away.
7687	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i use this charger with Rechargable energizer 9V batteries that I also ordered off amazon and they've never failed me.  Had it for I think 2 years now.  I use the batteries in my paintball gun (which uses alot of power) and they last all day when fully charged the night before.  Very happy with this charger.
No micro SD slot
Further, once you set it up, you can only use it on one ear. Other headsets (like Plantronics ones for example) allow you to swivel the earloop to switch ears if you get tired of using it on one ear. The Jawbone doesn't do this.
3833	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I think we now have seven of these charms for a family of five.  If you love the Doctor and are dorks who dream of zipping around in the TARDIS, then this is a magnificent product! Even when it doesn't work. But if you just want a cute phone charm that works most of the time, this probably will not make you happy. We found the charm works best with the cheapy Samsung phones and the nice Blackberry Curve. Not so much with the iPhone GS. But sometimes, and this is a true geek thrill, it works when the home phone rings.  Ah, the Doctor! He's coming for us. Yes, he can't wait to fill the TARDIS with a loud, impatient American family. Hey, Rose and Mickey weren't quiet--we can dream.


1217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best bluetooth device I've tried.  It is lightweight, comfortable, easy to set-up, good sound clarity and it is a very well made and sturdy device.  There aren't flimsy parts that can break.
398	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have received several compliments on this case and have been ask when I bought it.  It is a nice case with a great look.
6604	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very nice
1711	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This phone is sharp! I bought this for a very good friend who wanted a retro phone (don't ask me why). But he is all over the item. He love the thinga-ma-jigga. Now he sporting chats allover the place! Nuff long talk too.

**UPDATE December 5th, 2007**
If you pair the N82 w/ T-Mobile in The States, you can enjoy unlimited web usage and downloading. If you go w/ AT&T, you'll pay as you go. Although AT&T offers 3G in The States, the N82 doesn't carry US 3G frequency so save money and spend all the time on the web w/ T-Mobile.
As far as performance, I'm not sure I'm really seeing it. That's not because the booster isn't doing anything, it's more the result of my cell phone provider finally adding 4G to the nearest tower (and with the provider finally making good on the years-ago promise to get the part of the county I live in 4G covered). Had I tested this a few weeks back I would be able to report a more accurate result as I was definitely living in a 4G fringe area. So I'm going to have to wait a month or so until my next trip out to the "boonies" to see if this works as I expect it to.
5708	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Work good
Audio: The sound is fantastic.  Only sometimes does it get staticky in my pocket, and not often enough to notice, at least on my end.
9820	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Strange - these only seem to last maybe 5-6 months.  Usually a watch battery lasts more than a year. Are they old?  Are they fake?  I don't really know.  Since the whole pack costs about what I pay for one battery locally, I guess I still come out ahead.  But taking the back off the watch every few months gets old.  I don't think I will buy these again.
  e.  Flash light and laser pointer a plus for portability

JIS "3" Falling rain at an angle up to 60 degrees from vertical shall have no harmful effect (Rain resistant)
UPDATE #2:  Apparently there is an adapter that allows for the use of the IMP500 with the iPad.  They are shipping me the adapter so I will update again once I confirm that it will work.  So far I must say that idealpoint's Customer Service is top notch and that alone has earned the 5th star back.  They have addressed my concerns in a timely fashion and I have faith that the adapter will resolve the issue.  I would definitely recommend buying from idealpoint as they stand by their products and will work to make it right if someone is dissatisfied.
2651	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Not having much luck with past Bluetooth headsets, I was hesitant to give up my wired headset.  But, all in all, I am pleased with the Cardo Scala 700.  Occasionally, I do get quite a bit of static but that tends to be during the initial stages of the call while dialing.  Once connected, I rarely get static unless I am talking with my girlfriend <g>.  If I am in a noisy environment, people sometimes have a hard time hearing me but that is infrequent.  I have had some difficulty keeping this working with my Treo 700wx but I have never figured out if it is the cellphone or the Bluetooth headset.  Usually, if I "refresh" the headset on the phone, it will work fine once again.  The ability to easily switch it from one ear to the other without any hassle is also nice.  I am very impressed with the battery life.  I've had this for a month and despite sometimes not charging it for a couple days, I have never run out of juice.  Most importantly for me is the comfort.  Once I figured out how to adjust the ear band so there are no pressure points, I don't even realize I have it on; that's how light it is.  In fact, a couple times it has been on when I laid down in bed at night and I didn't realize it until I rolled over and put that ear on my pillow.  This is probably an odd comment but it is so lightweight that it almost feels cheap; in the same way as if you were to hold a cheap $5 Kmart Blue Light Special watch in one hand and in the other hand, you hold a Rolex, which feels more substantial.  Still, I'll take the lightweight headset anytime.  If I were to buy a Bluetooth headset as a gift, this would be the one.

903	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Okay - not easy to wear, for me, and after the first use, did not ever recharge again.  Tossed them - there is NO musical usefulness with these - to my ears anyway.
The alarm clock only allows me three alarm settings, but the calculator functions are easier to use compared to old chunky and the notepad is practical with the use of a full keyboard.
1932	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK DRIVERS,
To wipe it down, I use pre-moistened glasses wipes with alcohol. After a quick wipe, it's as sticky as day one. Also, I bought this "super size" version and cut it down into smaller pieces and had no problems doing so. Now I have 3 pads for the price of 1 big one.
My car does NOT have a center console where I could set my phone while driving, so I would lay the phone on my passenger seat (if no one was sitting in it), or I would ask my passenger to hold it. That got old pretty quickly.
4976	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was just what I needed to be able to hook up external speakers to my iPhone 2G in the office as well as allow me to use my expensive headphones on it.
I was in luck in that AT&T was offering their micro cell in my area for $150.00 and it works perfect. As normal, no return issues with Amazon.
1891	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works pretty good and I can walk away from my phone and it is still clear. It does become a bit uncomfortable on the ear with long periods of wear.
5974	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this external battery to charge my ipod touch for 2 years, and I've found it to be indispensable. I can get numerous charges out of one fully recharged battery pack, and it's so compact that I can pop it in my purse so that I'm never without power for my device. It charges the device quickly, too -- possibly even faster than charging the device in a wall outlet (though I've never actually tested that theory).

9053	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this to use with the multitude of electronic devices that seem to populate my life. The battery itself is well built with a good solid feel and nice sleek and curved edges. Includes a soft velvety protective pouch when not in use.
In addition, your car may have doors that you don't open frequently and that would be a good way to install. Otherwise, the required wire antenna mounted to the outside of the car is a deal breaker for me.
It might help some of you to know that I have used it to charge my Kindle Fire and I have switched out the cord and used it to charge my son's iPod Touch with no problem.
-  The on/off button feels a bit flimsy however, it could be better.
I used it for the first time while traveling on vacation and it worked as expected. The charging time doesn't appear to be quite as fast as when using the household charger but it's certainly adequate. The construction of the unit is good and it should hold up well. It has a power led that verifies power is being applied to the unit. Overall I am quite pleased with it, it performs the task it was designed to do and I would recommend it to others who are looking for a low cost alternative to those being sold retail at Verizon etc.
Overall: Taking into account the price and it's ability to keep the Palm clean and safe, it would be perfect if it weren't for that major problem of it not being snug enough that any friction caused it to shift. Simply: If you buy the clip, I highly recommend this product (esp. for this price ). Without the clip, this is very inconvenient, so I would not recommend it.
LOVE the clarity of photos taken with this phone (it's a phone camera so photos are never going to be as nice as with a high end digital camera, but they are far superior to those with my old phone) I have also found it very easy to sync with my computer and swap/download music, files, photos and the like between the phone and computer. Overall, I would spend full price for this phone any day [...]. This is the first cell phone in 7 years I have been totally pleased with and glad that I bought.
5550	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great replacement battery for Lenovo T60 series, fits perfectly and gives atleast 3.1 hrs on every charge, even after 1.7yrs of daily usage. Its basically a Sanyo with 71WH so you may want to disable annoying notifications from Lenovo Power Manager by unchecking 'Periodically Show message about battery charge capacity' under Options menu.

4441	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was a little worried when I purchased this item as I needed a reliable, long-lasting battery for my Razor phone.  I had read that some of the replacements were "old" in terms of shelf life, even if labeled new.  I am happy to report that this battery works as well as the OEM that came with the phone and now I can relax and stop watching my battery meter. Great price - I bought two.
2451	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought the BLT-04 case to use with the Motorola H700 headset.  It fits the headset very nicely, but..  But, the design of the case does not prevent the  multifunction button from being pushed if the case is at all squeezed, even though there is a recess in the case cover you'd think would prevent that.  The result is that I'd often find the pairing light on and the battery close to drained.

but sometimes the unit is not so left handed friendly (I suggest the direction buttons should be on the left, while the d-pad is already on the right when keyboard is out
104	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
Overall, a very nice headset, and the number one reason I wish mine were still functional is the Vibrate Function for incoming calls!  Not knocking the BT250V, but the 500 has much better battery life, weighs half as much, and half as thick.
762	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to mount in the back of my 4x4 to plug my refrigerator/freezer in for long off road trips, it works great and my refrigerator staid powered the whole time without any issues going over lots of bumps.
7208	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Sound quality is better than i expected, they really do a great job with that. They are a little on the uncomfortable side right above your ear but it's nothing that i can't bare and i do have a big head. I need them to hug my ear tightly when working out so anything less and i may have a problem with them falling out. I'm almost positive that a little black foam there would do wonders.

8689	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It holds my blackberry curve prefectly, even with the protective skin on!  Rotates and stays.

Some battery case manufacturers are beginning to include an adapter like this free of charge because they have realized the design dilemna associated with Apple's decision to move the headset jack to the bottom of the phone.
9047	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love love love this unit, and make sure to bring it with me whenever I know I'm going to be out and about for the day, and my phone is not going to survive.  It's absolutely essential on plane flights, long days at the beach, etc. I cannot recommend this or some other type of external charging highly enough.  It's hard to be without your phone, so having this unit is a no brainer.  You can plug it in and put it in your pocket.  Easy
Mercifully, the experience came to an end before I'd given this low-(but over)priced imposter a chance to show its stuff.  But even more fortunately, I can now put this review to rest.  May the next buyer have a happier story to tell.  As for me, I'm back to my original clunky and unsightly but effective mount with the gooseneck:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/GSI-Super-Quality-Wireless-Hands-Free-5-in-1-Dock-Mount-Charger-FM-Transmitter-Car-Kit-with-Goose-neck-Mount-for-Ipod-IPhone-4-3G-3GS-MP3-MP4-CD-DVD-Players-Includes-Remote-Control-Audio-Cable-LCD-Display-Cigarette-Lighter-Plug-In/dp/B003U4R42K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">GSI Super Quality Wireless Hands-Free 5-in-1 Dock-Mount-Charger-FM Transmitter-Car Kit, with Goose-neck Mount for Ipod, IPhone 4-3G-3GS, MP3, MP4, CD, DVD Players - Includes Remote Control, Audio Cable, LCD Display - Cigarette Lighter Plug-In</a>.
4851	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had mine a little over a year now and it's the best I've found. I actually had to turn down the sound it is so loud. I love that you can shut it on or off by folding the boom. You can even buy a case for it that you can clip on your belt. Whenever I get tired of wearing it I just fold the boom and place it in the case on my belt. Great bluetooth Motorola!!

2650	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Treo 650 and so far I'm very impressed. Battery life is great (about 10 hours), charges very quickly, and it's literally so light you forget you're wearing it. I also appreciate the addition of a PC USB charge cable for travelling lighter. Very nice addition for this price.
My experience connecting to the MSI Starkey on my PC was not even near satisfactory.  For some reason I hear the mic even when it should be muted.  This didn't happen with my Plantronics 510 headset.  That makes these virtually unusable with my PC -- or at least the experience is unpleasant enough that I would leave my headset disconnected most of the time.

7206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Update: As other reviews state - the thing will snap in 2 with normal use. DON'T BUY THIS! While it sounds great, it will break with normal use after a short while. Samsung's "warranty" doesn't cover the obviously defective design - well, someone should sue them because the language in the written warranty covers DEFECTS and this surely is a defect if you see how many people have had this problem!
The packaging says output is 600mA, but I'm showing it to be somewhat higher and netting up to 700 when the phone is mostly idle.  In moderately scientific testing, I'm able to charge a 1625mAh battery from 15% to full nearly twice (it died at like 92% on the second charge).  But more practically, it can provide positive charge during use for about 7 hours, which is pretty good.
1. I've noticed that this charges my iPhone 5 faster than my wall charger does. No idea how, but it does. Pleasantly surprised.
7154	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected...convenient
7894	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	these things are good, for about a week. These would have to be used in a stationary application where they will never be touched because when I use it with my iPhone, as gently as I possibly can, the cable starts to short out. At first I lose the microphone, then I lose theory and the ability to change volume, then lastly the audio goes out and it's over, a generally I throw it away at step one (after troubleshooting it, of course)
Here's where I was spared the worst nemesis of every neophyte--i.e. making a bad thing worse by trying to make it better.  In other words, I was about to get out the Crazy Glue and muck up my otherwise clean dashboard when it struck me that maybe I ought to see if this "adjustable" guy actually would clasp my iPod as advertised.  Upon pressing the button for releasing the spring and extending the gizmo's right arm, nothing happened.  His right arm was jammed (and the left is clearly non-adjustable).  Since he obviously needed a helping hand, I gave him one.  Unfortunately, my gentle tugging  pressure was enough to snap off that piece of plastic on the right side of this holder with the (non) "Adjustable Grip."
3180	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product seems like a gimmick, but I was willing to try anything to get better service in some spots in the town where I attend school.
607	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this phone for 3 months, and Nextel for 3 years. I like the service, but inability to roam can be bothersome when traveling. For emergencies, I remedied this with a tracfone(.com) and just buy a 1 year card each year.

Well, I have been using it for about 2 weeks and there is an area through the hills where I always drop calls.  I mean I can't EVER get through that area without dropping a call, but now with this device-I don't ever drop calls through that area!  Also, driving to the Oregon Coast there are many spotty areas, but the reception improved dramatically with this device.  I also found many fewer dropped calls along with improved reception.  Can it take areas where you have no reception an turn them in to reception zones?  Yes, but there is no way to know if yours will work or not with this device until you try.  Can you get better reception from your existing areas with this ?  Absolutely.  Does it work?  Absolutely.  It runs very warm, which I thought was interesting but is not concerning and managing the wires is a challenge, but that aside-this is a game changer of a product.  Indeed your reception can't help but improve if you have this product on board for you!
7266	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As expected
Pros:
The listing said plastic and that's what I received.
Smart Keys (make key functions for you accessible with one button - calculator, recent calls, etc.)
I give this external battery pack five stars because it works exactly as it is supposed to. It charges quickly and it remains charged for a long time. It will charge my iTouch many times before having to be recharged itself.

6320	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I just received my case and more than pleased with the construction, it fit my HTC vivid with hard case. Really like the Velcro flap more secure than magnet on my old case
Overall I give this unit high praise.
5173	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what I would expect.  It just works!  Easy to pair with my Blackberry 8830, plenty of volume from the speaker.  People I call do not complain about voice quality so must be good enough!  Only slight negative is only included charging solution is a 12V car charger but Amazon does have a AC to 12V converter for about $12.  So far I have not bought it, claimed stand by time of 200 hours seems real so do not have to charge very often.  Auto shut off after 15 minutes of no blue-tooth connect helps save the battery.

The best thing I like about the phone that I wasn't expecting has to be the active idle mode.  Gives me quick access to music, lets me put a quick note directly on the display, and gives me quick access to apps as well as direct links to webpages (accessed through TZones).  That coupled with the customizable shortcut buttons makes the phone very convenient to use.

7571	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use for my Galaxy III with extended battery and case for when I take the dogs out for a walk, does a good job staying hooked to my pocket. Purchased along with the Laza extended battery and case.
1642	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Voyager 510 works like a charm. Connects easily and fairly quickly, I guess (my first cell phone and my first Bluetooth headset). Range is incredible, although I can't conceive any situation in which I'd need to go more than five feet away from my phone (it's usually in my pocket or on my desk). So far I've gotten great battery life. I like the blue LED.
Do your own two phone tests.
3664	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works
-When negotiating business over lunch or golf, where it would be a weak hand to bring a stack of papers or notes, you can input and look up information as need be in this device you would be expected to carry instead.
 - uses standard ear gels
*PC
1142	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-R17ISUMN89TMOR" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B15sYIWAtUS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61S9PJpIfhS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Great little Usb Hub.  7 ports.  3 on each side, 1 on the front.  Powered by AC or usb.  Lights remain on at all times regardless of what are plugged into the ports.  A must buy if you need more usb ports for your comp.  Works on windows 7.  Have had almost a year with zero issues.
387	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I reckon it gives the extra power back up ! will come back to review again, but don't be afraid to buy.
1169	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an excelent USB port it has the option for it's power . Ether pluged in an A/C outlet or power from your device's nice option
- Sleek
4470	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have had the w580i for 1 year, 2 months now and I have enjoyed using the phone and most of its features.  However, during that time I have experienced several quality issues.  One of them (the ear speaker died) was probably isolated to my unit.  But I also had my keypad crack twice. The cracked keypad seems to be a common issue with this model, just search online about it.  I had to send in the phone twice for warranty repairs. Now, the left soft keys (select/back) have stopped working. Another search revealed this to also be a common flaw also.  My warranty has run out, so Sony Ericsson will not fix this.  Fortunately, there is a workaround by pushing hard on the area between the navigation keys and the LCD screen (where there is either the 'W' logo or the at&t logo), then the keys will work.
The buttons are raised up just a bit. The display is bright and vibrant. If you have T-Mobile service with this phone, you'll find it can handle the My Favorites plan just fine, with nice little icons and customizable options fo each person.
1895	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned this unit about three weeks now. I got this unit at a close out price, and I feel that I definitely got my money's worth. I have never owned a Blue-tooth head set before so I have nothing to compare it to. I read reviews on the Internet and decided that this was the unit I wanted in my price range. The sound is clear and intelligible on both ends,... as far as I can tell, even in the car, which is what I bought it for...(to use while driving)... and it is fairly comfortable for about 2 hours of ware, but after that becomes somewhat uncomfortable. I think with some adjustment it may be possible to make it feel even more comfortable, a lot of comfort depends on your own sensitivity,  ear and head shape. Once paired with my phone, Razr V3, it reconnects each time in a matter of seconds (usually). Only once did it take longer. Before buying this headset I had never hear of Plantronics before, but I would say that their products have a good build quality and good sound. I liked these units more than the  Motorola headsets mostly because of the way they fit rather than any sound quality issue.


UPDATE APRIL 20, 2012
3171	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have bought 3 or 4 of these and have loved them once you put them in your car they are not going anywhere and neither is the phone attached to it.  well worth the little bit of money i paid for it

On the plus side: the thing sits comfortable in my ear with no need for an uncomfortable ear hook.  I also can hear very very well with it.  It did take some getting used to positioning the ear piece right so it directed the sound best but that is now second nature.
4289	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just got this on 6/5/2011 - Great automotive Bluetooth FM transmitter for Music and Speaker Phone for my iPhone 3G. Charged it fully right out of the box and then started using it. My unit came with the car cigarette lighter charger and literature.  I used a standard mini-USB power charger that I had and that worked fine.  Car charger also works well. Sound quality is great for both phone calls and for music through the car stereo. Tonal quality is fine on the stock stereos in my cars. For a more critical listening test, I set the FM transmitter for my Home Theater Surround System and the music sounds great on that also (good imaging and tonal quality). The unit appears to be durably constructed and should last.

8959	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am very happy with the iTorch external battery's performance. Once I opened up the packaging and saw how well built it is I was very impressed. This is by far the highest quality external battery I have used to date. I am an avid iPhone user since I need it to run my business off of, so I usually run out of battery about half way to three quarters of the way  through the day. I've tried out several external battery cases, but I don't like the additional bulk and weight that a battery case adds. So I decided to opt for a external battery. The iTorch seemed to fit the bill nicely, it has a built in laser pointer, a simple little LED flashlight, and a nice battery level indicator. Here's are some of the pros that I liked about the battery.

Although the Jawbones are highly marketed, there are innumerable customer complaints over the Internet about how poorly built these headsets are.  Aliph seems to turn a deaf ear and seems to feel it is their due to gimmick poorly designed, ill-built, over-priced dross.
It doesn't come with an AC for itself, but works with most of ACs & I have plenty of them.  My experience showed that it requires over 6hours to fully charge when it is nearly empty.  I wish it would charge a bit faster, but I typically charge over night while I am sleeping, so I don't have complain.  Charging iTorch via AC is faster (10-15mins) than via PC.
This is a high-quality, beefy, no-nonsense, industrial-design case. If you want to make a fashion statement, buy ring or a Rolex. If you want maximum protection for your BB Curve, buy the OtterBox!

On the other hand, there is a convenient configurable menu on another button from which you can select the features you actually use. That does soften my complaints in the previous paragraph - except for the AT&T logo button starting the browser.
*Small & Light
Super-comfortable.  I can wear this all day without noticing it.  It's super-adjustable, so you can rotate the boom up and down your cheek as well as pivot it in toward your face or out away from it.
left. I recharged it to full and then used it to charge my iPhone 4 from 45% to 100% in two (2) hours. The IMP52D
3375	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The price for this was just amazing in comparison to the other name-brad products out there, so I figured I'd give it a shot as I wouldn't lose that much if it was garbage. But I was pleasantly surprised - the build quality is very good and I haven't had any issues with it so far.

Given the weakness of the signal, we determined the amp would not be powerful enough to provide a useful boost. I would need to purchase on many times the cost of this DT to see a usable signal.
Look at other headsets ...
5469	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is the best... I can now play my music from my iPhone and Sirius without and cords to the aux port.  The sound quality is also very good.  I did have to request the manufacturer send me a filter to prevent some of the "hissing".  This only happens in some cars and specific to some hybrids, in my case a Prius.  They sent it to me for free and now the music is crystal clear.

  Speedtest: 205ms ping, .8 - 1.13 Mbps data transfer
2222	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Cable connects directly to phone allowing you to use the Nokia Phone tools, contact management and even USB mass storage.
7617	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It should come with the whole system but either way I think this is the best (non burning) relaxer on the market today.

  -It has decent screen savers.

757	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got to be honest here, I haven't hooked it up yet but I tested it for plug size and it fits well  The quality is also much better than expected, I have a feeling it will last for many years in an outdoor application.  good for power out as well as on-board battery charging.
3)  It doesn't come with any kind of micro-SD card.  I know this might not sound like much of an omission, but when you've only got 64MB to play with, you'll start feeling that pretty fast -- especially if you're moving from a device like a Palm TX, that's got more memory.  on board.  Get yourself a decent-sized micro-SD card as soon as you can.
Also, I worked out again in these earbuds, and this time they quit working for two days.  I forgot to wrap them prior to working out.  If I can't work out and use these then they are pretty much useless for me.  Maybe I just need two different earbuds, one for commuting, and one for working out.  In the meantime, I will wrap them next time and report how that works.
2529	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was provided an Eachine X7 10000mAh Power Bank free for testing and review and was asked only to give my honest review, so this is what I found.
866	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I used these every single day at my desk, and the charge generally lasts the full work day.  Comfortable, functional and now I can't live without them.  I do think that the microphone is a bit sensitive to movement on your shirt or collar which can create a loud sound for your caller on the other end (so I try to remain still while on a call) but the stereo sound is good and the Bluetooth connection has never dropped from my phone once.  I like the ability to answer calls, skip tracks and control volume from the device.  They are light, and more than once I've left the house forgetting I'm wearing them.  Love these at work and while walking for exercise.  Cannot comment on their water resistance, as I don't use in the rain or sweat profusely while exercising -- but for my daily needs, these are great for taking tunes and talk radio wherever I go (housework, workplace, shopping at the store to relieve boredom, etc).  Had them for over a year and battery still going strong.
S.
976	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This cute little clamshell phone does it job.  It opens to a small color screen and a traditional keypad lit by blue light. Features include a speaker phone (great for the car if you don't have your headphone attached), camera, voice-activated dialing, international capability, IM, web browsing, alarm, date book, calculator, as well as the more standard caller ID, address book, and call log information.  The camera is slow - don't expect to catch anything in motion - but adequate.
3013	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome experience. I love the Holster. It is perfect for my Blackberry Perl 8100. I cannot be any happier and the price was spot on. Thanks
1387	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No bells and whistles to talk about.  It does what it is supposed to at a price below what you would pay if you bought it from AT&T.  I have purchased these in the past in preparation for a trip to the US and will do so again.
I previously purchased the Mophie Juice Pack Air, which added so much bulk and weight to my phone and was a true pain to get off, which I did not like any of that and consequently returned.  The iTorch is not heavy at all.  One recommendation or nice addition would be if New Trent added a short charging cable to accompany the charger (similar to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/GO-TRONIX-3-in-1-USB-2-0-Connect-to-Lightning-8-Pin-Micro-USB-and-apple-30-Pin-Connector-for-iPhone-4-4S-Samsung-Galaxy-Note-2-iPhone-5-iPad-4-Mini-ipod-touch-5G-Nano-7th/dp/B00CDQ56MG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">GO-TRONIX 3 in 1 USB 2.0 Connect to Lightning 8 Pin, Micro USB and apple 30 Pin Connector for iPhone 4 4S Samsung Galaxy Note 2 iPhone 5, iPad 4/Mini ipod touch 5G Nano 7th</a>).  This may drive the cost up a tad, but it covers most any device type and would be beneficial as to not need to walk around with a cord that is longer than necessary when trying to travel / be mobile. Amazon does sell shorter cables for only lightning&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/AmazonBasics-USB-A-to-Lightning-Compatible-Cable-4-inch-10-CM/dp/B00B5RGAWY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">AmazonBasics USB A to Lightning Compatible Cable (4 inch/10 CM)</a>&nbsp;or mini usb as well. I would recommend ordering one of those to accompany this.  Even without that, this product is highly recommended!
2482	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am pleased with this bluetooth, the sound is great, I don't wear if for long times but has been comfortable for almost 3 hours on a recent trip. Hands free driving.


* Typing a number in isn't bad, but I wish the touch screen keypad was just a bit larger.  There's a downloadable application to just say the numbers to dial, but I haven't tried it yet.
It DOES block out all sound from the ear you're wearing it in. That does make it hard to hear out of the ear it's in, but if I need to hear, I simply remove it. It's easy and quick to put on, so putting it on after the phone has begun to ring isn't a problem at all.

Works well with screen protectors also.
8760	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this phone online. I liked it because of its looks and its so called "ease of use". When I finally got it I was so dissapointed. Looks can be decieving indeed, hehehe. Its not as "cool" as it look online. This phone seems to be from the 80's but slimmer. The screen display is like a flash back from the calculator screens of the early 80's,the font are so big that it cannot even display the whole phone number in the screen. Even the fonts are weird, they are like written by a toddler. But I don't do much text messaging so I can live with that ugly screen display/font. But the signal of this phone is terrible too so I cant even use them for regular phone call. Dont buy this, it will just be a waste of money. Even a third world country will consider this phone a piece of crap.
Setup was a Pain in the butt, that's my big knock on this thing. In our case (and from what I understand) you'll typically have to have it installed outside to get much value for it.  We have really thick tree coverage in the back yard and each direction pointing to the nearest Cell Tower. In fact, if you are standing in the backyard, front yard or sides, you can not see the tower at all.  we didn't' have Rabbit ears so had nothing to really attach to on the high part of the roof that would give us line of sight.  To get it working correctly, we ended up cutting a small swatch of foliage in the back yard so we could get clear LOS to the tower. We ended up mounting it to the back part of the roof on the lower side (basically, top part of 1st floor roof).  It took about 45 minutes to tweaking to get both green lights on which isn't unreasonable - however after about 20 minutes you really start wondering if you're going to be able to make it work. Even after 30 mins, we still couldn't get both greens on. Frustrated I decided to get the swath cut out in the back which ended up doing the trick. Outside of that, we had to drill a hole through the wall to feed the cable. our choices were to drill it in the roof and drop the cable through the wall, then run it into a connector , or basically drill a hole outside right next to the one that the cable company drilled for our cable (not saying it had to be next to the cable co's hole, just that it was proximate and that just happened to be a place with no wires and easily drilled through).
The good news is that you can hook it up to an unused coax cable (if you have multiple lines).  The unit ships with 50 feet, but no need if you also have a room with coax and you know where the line comes out of your house.
Thank you Amazon
Bottom line:  The unit does help IF (repeat IF) you can find a location anywhere within about 50 feet of the desired location for the base unit that has a good signal.  But, even then, it only creates a small "hot spot" within your home.
6711	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	What more do i need to say, it works!  I used to get one or sometime no bar at my house, but now i get two bars around the device.  Just wish the booster can reach longer distance.
Reception/Sound Quality: I live in Northern California in a well populated city, and everywhere I go, I get 5 bars with the SE and from 3 to 4 bars with the Shine. I have found the number of signal bars that you get has a big impact on the call quality (as it should)... The Shine frequently echoes what the other person says, and a background static seems to be present in all calls. To ensure that I didn't receive a lemon shine, I tested a friend's shine and sure enough, it was the same. My friend told me they didn't notice the static (he probably got use to the poor call quality)... The SE's reception and sound quality it top notch. No complaints whatsoever here. Even with 3 bars (in a tunnel), the call was still strong.

Instructions are provided on how to work the multi-function button,
2mp camera w/flash
- Flexible with different device tips to charge different phones.
The camera takes nice pictures.  It's 2 mega-pixel so it's not a digital camera - but it's not really bad either.

I am 6"3" and most showers in older homes/apartments are for the 5"9" average height adult. Not only does this shower head install easily, the plumbers tape is included and NO TOOLS are required (unless you need tools to remove your current showerhead). Just twist onto the threaded pipe after adding the plumbers tape over the threads and hand tighten. Done!
9305	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently got a Mophie Juice Pack Air for my iPhone 4S.  I read a review that this case was a good fit and it certainly is!  I've only had it for a short time, but the quality of it seems good and the 3rd party shipping was fast! Great buy.
3660	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	made no difference on my phone
Using the volume control on the headset was pretty easy to do.  Note that you can control voice volume either through the phone handset volume control or the control on this Plantronics headset.  If other reviewers are complaining about low volume from this headset, it's likely because one of the two volume controls is turned down too low, or perhaps the mobile phone their using doesn't have much by way of signal output.  This Plantronics headset has *plenty* of loud volume if that's what you want.
Buy one, you won't be sorry.

i miss the nokia UI but battery time is okay and reception seems fine. haven't been able to find a driver for vista yet so haven't been able to charge via usb.
9950	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't hold much of a charge.  The seller on my Oders shows it was sold by Battery King.  Knockoff?  Refurbished?  There you have it, why it's the price it is here.
Also a great value,as I paid less than $5.00,definitely a must-buy for any HTC ONE owner.


3465	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been looking for a phone that worked well with my Mac.  I use Macs for both home and business and need to synchronize my contacts and calendar with my mobile phone.  All other mobiles I've tried and used (not too extensive but quite a few) either don't sync at all or truncate my data after synchronization or even worse, they truncate then reformat the data and it corrupts the data on my Mac.  Frustrated after many attempts to find the right phone, I came across the Nokia N75 on a Mac web site and learned that Nokia advocates working with iSync (Mac's built-in synchronization tool) and even provides drivers for the phone to be used on the Mac with iSync.
The cons are relative to what you'd get on a higher end, more expensive phone like a microsoft win-ce enabled phone.  If you compare to similar price-point phones, this one is a very good value.
Although it is an unlocked phone I did not need it to be as I already was using AT&T as my service provider, but it would be a good choice for anyone who is looking for a Palm/phone combination

2822	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I keep waiting for at least one of the numerous complaints to happen to my phone, but alas, I keep waiting (thankfully!). I have dropped it, twice, from a short distance however, but it did not break right away like other people have claimed. The interface is great, Motorola has one of the better ones. It has all the options I want on it although there are a lot of them and it can be confusing at times. However, if you use the manual you'll get the most out of it. It sounds great and has good reception. I also like that it is wider then most phones so I don't have to press it to my ear. I can hear fine with just a corner of the phone to my ear which is a lot more comfortable. As for T-mobile service, I have been with them for 4+ years and have never had a complaint. They have they the best plans and the best customer service.
-Nice leather look

lots of features
3420	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great strong phone case without the bulk of some of the OtterBox covers. This is the second one I have owned. First was for a Motorola Droid phone and now this one is for my Samsung S4 phone.
Answering the handset and transferring to the headset was very easy.  It's very very different, more like a cell phone than a home phone.  There's caller ID/call waiting, a halfway decent speakerphone.  You can use the handset in the base to answer and dial using the speaker button..very convenient.  However, I had to make the volume at almost full volume...maybe it's me.  The headset is very clear but I absolutely hear some fuzzing and a slight buzzing in the background as does the receiving party.  The first few calls I made were very annoying because I was very aware of the background noise.  Again, it's not like house phone quality but more like cell phone.


865	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	the magnets on the back of one of the earbuds came off
Now for the important part:  how it works.  The Jawbone was simple to pair with my cell phone (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HP-iPaq-6945-Unlocked-Cell-Phone-with-Wi-fi-GPS-MP3-Video-Player-SD-U-S-Version-with-Warranty-Silver/dp/B000ILDSLO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HP iPaq 6945 Unlocked Cell Phone with Wi-fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, SD--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)</a>), as most Bluetooth headsets are.  More importantly, I've paired it once and it has maintained that pairing without issue ever since, unlike the previous headset I owned which lost its pairing at least once a week, usually while mid-conversation.  This is annoying, certainly, but for a user that won't use their cell phone while driving without a hands-free device, this is very unsettling.  If I wanted/needed to continue a call while on the road, I disconnected the call, pulled over to re-pair the two devices, and then started my call and my trip again.  This is a major issue for me, so I am extremely appreciative of Jawbone's reliability.



5771	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect...Fast Shipping...No issues
Everything needed for installation is included in the box. The instructions are particularly helpful because they included both written and clear graphic instructions, which precluded the need for an installation video. The kit comes with relatively short 3" Mini-Magnetic Mount Antenna that is mounted on top of the vehicle. Mounting an antenna on the roof of my car using only a magnet seemed insufficient at best. However, I soon discovered that this antenna sports a pretty impressive magnet. The instructions include several location recommendations for best mounting and reception:




and the item has nice hefty weight, not a cheap plastic. The chart
the reason I give 4 stars is realplayer problem, too few shortcut, and bt setup
4208	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i got this headset as a christmas gift in 2006...and i figured its about time i write something about it...this headset is the best ive ever come across...the noise shield is outstandingly amazing...i usually have my car stereo turned up quite loud, and whether its winter or summer...i almost always have my windows down...and in the winter the heat on as well...and even with all that going on...esp with my friends making tons of noise...i have yet to have anyone ask what the noise is in tha background... it works just like in the advertisement commercial online...i also like it because its not overly lite and its sturdy...when i got this headset...as far as i know it was the most expensive on the market...now i see the price has dropped and i would tell anyone in the market to buy this

My results are good. I am an electrical engineer and also followed all the directions. The booster's transmitter could afford to be about 2-3dB stronger. Still, my goal of making my GSM (T-Mobile) phone useful inside my house was well achieved with some minor effort.
the light was weak but when used in a dark room it works perfectly. I even
Person cannot hear you
4821	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this case for about 4 dollars. At that price, I wasn't expecting much. I was surprised with the level of quality on the case. Yes, it's just a sliver of bamboo glued onto the back of a white piece of plastic, but it actually looks good. From the picture, you can see that the front of the case doesn't have a lip over the edge of the screen, I wish that it did. I like a case to offer some front protection. The case is very easy to snap on, although, it takes a little work to get the case off. I don't know if I would use this case everyday, but its a fun case to use and people seem interested in it when they see it.
Find a company that supports its products, that either is number one, or wants to be.  If you want an android, there are several companies that are HUNGRY for your biz.  Motorola is not.

494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am very pleased that bought it I'm glad that the quality is excellent. I Like it... Thank you very much.
1420	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Used this headset until I broke the earphone piece.  That was 3.5 years.  Can't ask for better quality than that.
3685	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	does the trick and tastes way better than the rest. i will buy this product before any of the others on the market.
TO fix this, get either Neoprene tubing or that sticky foam on one end (mole skin) and cut a small piece and put on the hinge near the boom then a smaller piece (if needed) on top of the other.  This will make a space between your cheek and the boom so people can hear you!  You will still be able to close the boom.
7795	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I debated over this or the jawbone and pretty happy I bought this one. Its small but the volume is great and it seems to block out ambient noise fairly well. Good purchase, not too much to complain about here

9012	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Picked up this battery charger when Amazon had it on sale for around 30 bucks. Device came attractively packaged and fully charged. The battery life on this is amazing, and the 2A output port charged my phone and my 3DS completly during a recent road trip, and still had enough charge for another round. The input to charge the device is Micro-USB, which is pretty much the standard now a days. It does come with a 3' USB to Mini-USB cable, but it will accept any USB cable (especially those proprietary Apple USB cables) as output. Embedded into the device is a red laser pointer, which can be used to get your cat out of the room, and a flashlight to look for your cat when his scared little butt runs and hides under the sink after a thunderstorm or a vaccuum attack. Simply holding down the button cycles through turning the device on, then the flash light on, then the device off. A quick press ignites the laser pointer.

4994	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	these things are good, for about a week. These would have to be used in a stationary application where they will never be touched because when I use it with my iPhone, as gently as I possibly can, the cable starts to short out. At first I lose the microphone, then I lose theory and the ability to change volume, then lastly the audio goes out and it's over, a generally I throw it away at step one (after troubleshooting it, of course)
6253	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Knowing it come with half charge, I went ahead to charge it. After draining full charge, It won't charge anymore. I don't recommend this product and there are better alternatives.
5987	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this charger before going on a trip. It was able to charge my phone on low battery and two friends phones on one charge. I had to send them both one when we returned home because they said they couldn't live without it. I highly recommend this charger!


The IMP52D also has a built-in flash light and a red laser pointer but I haven't really used it much.

it works well with SE TM506, can play music with decent sound
Look elsewhere.
  -Parental controls allows for programming who she can call/receive calls from, in addition to time limits, ect.
6823	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in time as described. Good product.
It is not perfect but even a little bit helps in weak areas.
Atindra
9376	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I tested this while driving on a stretch of road that I usually get one bar of service. It went up to four.  I'm very happy with this purchase. I contacted weboost customer support to learn how this worked and get a good expectation prior to buying. If you get zero bars, you are not going to get bars with this. It can't create cell service. It boosts existing service. I also bought the home conversion kit from weboost. I had to go from room to room and various windows and went from 1-2 bars to 4. I have a Sprint personal and Verizon business. Once I got four bars that is where I left it. This does get hot so if you keep this plugged in all the time I would worry. In the car I mounted it near a vent and at home i open a window or put a small fan on it. I can now stream and work flawlessly. Take your phone out of its case for best contact and fit (and air flow to phone).
- Kickstand: It feels a little flimsy but has held up well to a lot of abuse. It is only really appropriate for tabletop use and unfortunately slides quite easily across a table when using the tablet in a propped up position.  Not good for use in bed or on your lap in a chair.
I have not tried the voice dialing, but everything I have done works well.
229	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good
The result of an hour set up for me was a little disappointing but more or less in line with my initial expectations. It should be noted that when the description says that this device will boost the signal in a "small area" that does not mean a small bedroom and part of the adjoining hallway or your kitchen or entire living room. Even without walls I found that the radius that gets great service (consistently 4-5 bars where we used to get 1-2) is only about a circle with  a radius of 6-7 feet. From there the signal strength quickly drops off. It isn't a sharp drop-off in that calls don't drop at 8 feet from the desk antenna, but if you're more than say 10-12 feet from the antenna you don't see much of a boost.
774	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	easy to install and does what I need it to do - like plug in the TV
7464	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works well for the money and I cant tell from the expensive ones.  ajd sd fsdj sdf sd dsf dsf  df
6964	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked well!  Bought this years ago and just now decided to write the review.  Phone is long gone now, but this worked well when we had it!  Kind of miss these phones ;)
357	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Case too slippery,  can't hold with one hand
RocketRanger
9632	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good

I have a friend that bought the same item for 30.00 at the retail store and she likes mine better.  U can't beat the price!!!
Things have appeared on my bill for a year that shouldn't be there. I have made 5 attempts to fix this and finally gave up. A lady from Sprint called me trying to sell something and extend my contract, I laughed so hard, that she actually tried to fix my problems. She said she did and of course, it's still on my bill.
3) Camera/Video.  I don't really care too much about quality, it's a cell phone!  But I do like how easy it is to manage.  I got a 256mb MicroSD memory card and set up all my photos/videos to be directly stored to it.  It stores things in a folder format based on the date.  With a few button presses I can send any pictures/videos right off to Textamerica for posting through e-mail.
2) The little hump at the top for this US version of the phone where the internal antenna is housed makes for EXCELLENT reception.  I thought I had it great with my LG, but I honestly have not ever had a problem except for a known dead zone in a rural part of my state.
The range is also great--I've accidentally left my phone in the car and went into pizza places etc., at least 20 ft away inside of buildings and could tell no difference in the quality.
Otherwise,  it recharges fast and efficiently and having the screen that signals that charging is complete is a great help.
5912	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second New Trent external battery, and they just keep getting better. This one is compact, charges devices quickly, and has the added features of including a flashlight and laser light (red). Until cell phone manufacturers finally make phones with good battery life again, I'll be a dedicated New Trent fan. Their products are truly unrivaled.

7366	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife and I have been using the Razor phone for more than 15 years.  It is still the best basic, durable and dependable phone on the market.  Since neither of us really need the 'fancy' features that are out there today, this phone meets all of our needs.
-If there is a way to have multiple contact info (home, business, cell, email) for one address book entry - I haven't found it. Instead I have awkwardly had to setup multiple address entries (how 1980's).
7935	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Crappiest product on the market I bought this and the second day it lost signal do not buy this ever
Good Old Tech

6) Enhanced Audio. Finally! MP3 ringtones and custom methods to import your own ringtones. I've been watching my friends for TWO years now, enjoying such features. Now I can sneer back with joy, listening to Chewbacca roar when I get a call...

9407	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	increased bar level from a 1 or none to 3-4, phones couldn't be used in certain parts of the house or in summer would lose it. This has made possible get service without having to stand in 1 corner of the house.
438	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This charger did not work well on my phone AT ALL. IT barely charged my phone after four hours of constant charging. I thought it was just my phone so I tried my daughter's phone. ITS STILL A NO GO.
This product is great for anyone who is a heavy user of a smartphone or needs a bit of extra juice for their phone throughout the day. The IMP52D has a nice small form factor which is great since I can carry it in my pocket and not worry about my iPhone 4S dying. After 3 days of extensive testing throughout college and other activities, I get 2 full charges and about 50%-60% of another charge. The carrying case is great as well I know my keys won't scratch it.
Motorola L6- stock verizon unit- overpriced.
I then tried the T-Mobile MDA.  I was uneasy of the idea of switching to Windows PocketPC but decided to give it a try.  For me it was a huge mistake-  Pocket PC is a joke and completely unintuitive.  They expect you to study how to use their OS in order to make use of its clumsy interface.  Friends tell me they sell 3rd party applications that make it easier to use, but c'mon- when you buy a phone you expect it to work right from the beginning- I don't want to have to spend time learning and installing additional software for it to work properly.
9280	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Fits the LG Voyager nicely but it is made of poor quality materials. I have been using for less than 2 months and mine alrerady show significant wear. At the 59 cent price you can afford but a dozen and throw the old one away every month or two.
1968	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got this to replace my dead security system battery.  It has lasted for a long time now.  Much cheaper than brick and mortar stores.
1695	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	PHONE WORKED FOR 2 WEEKS...DISSAPOINTED :(
I did replacement on mine Swatch IRONY and still have power on and on, and on.
5877	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits nice and snug. No problems installing or removing. I have done this several times without scratching or cracking anything. Not sure why others are having problems. Seems pretty straightforward to me. The black is only on the outer casing. Inside is white plastic as is some of the edges. Was easily fixed with a black marker. Highly recommended!
And Tada your warenty is worth nothing
The bad: It's easy to get fingerprint marks on it. It's from Hong Kong so it has special characters on the keys (though you don't notice them after a while). You have to buy special headphones to use the music player.
559	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've always had one of these on my phone. Had to get a new phone while on vacation and the service at my rental was terrible!!! Slapped one of these on and, I don't know if it's the power of suggestion, but my new phone works soooo much better!!!! Love these things! Recommend!!!
3609	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The item arrived on time.  Perfect fit and feel.  Non slip so i can leave it on the dash or seat and does not slide around on turns.  Price was less than i thought it would be considering the high quality look.
It DOES NOT convert voltage to 110. Make sure everything you plug into it can handle 220 or the magic smoke will get out and your device will no longer work.
9887	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It came with only one screen protector

4934	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	These things got such bad reviews - that I ordered 3 just to be sure I got one good one (at least they're cheap). I gave them two stars instead of one since, oddly, 2 of 3 of them worked for their intended purpose (a size adapter for my iPhone), though none of them work when plugged into my PC. Hard to imagine this is a very difficult product to manufacture - so I just assume the manufacturer could simply care less...

500	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this phone I purchased to replace moto T722i
* Long battery life, fast charge time.

This is a quadband world phone, with speaker. The best thing about this phone over older Motorola's is that saving phone numbers default to the SIM versus the phone memory making it much easier to keep all your phone numbers the next time you switch devices.
I am a little confused with the flashlight and laser. I would prefer just a battery, and the only reason for me is easy-Sometimes I hold the button down too long and the light comes on. Getting that off and getting back to just the battery is kind of tedious, but I will get used to it.
(Functionally the product paired with my Cingular Hermes 8525 phone perfectly - sound quality is fine).
2769	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	its a new battery for an old phone.  So now the old phone act like a new one,  If you can't let go of the razor, these batteries will keep you and your razor to together since, the phone is like 1o years old now
8837	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Im very happy with my portable battery charger model # IMP52D. I travel a lot and rely on this charger to keep my iphone going.  I typically get 2-2.5 charges for my iPhone 5S.
4850	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It was delivered on time, even faster than expected. The quality of the headset is excellent thank you.

 When charging up the iTorch the LED lights really do not seem to indicate when the iTorch is fully charged.
Bottom Line:

914	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its good..
Lasted two months and now will not turn on anymore. Trying to get motorola to fix it, but no help so far.

 * additional blue lights (2, 2+3 or 2+3+4) may be iilluminated indicating the charge level -
9932	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great build quality and materials Caution, make sure you place the belt clip in correctly or it will come loose.
==========================
Bad side as everyone else stated the belt clip is annoyingly weak and can snap off very easily. other than that this rubber body suit makes the iphone even sexier....never thought i would ever call a phone sexy but hey...it's the iphone, independence, intense, incredible...will post some pics shortly
The only issue I have is the battery pack might not store as much juice as advertised.  I get about 1 full charge on my iPhone5 - it is advertised to provide 2-3 full charges.  I don't see that happening ever!  But this is still light, compact and easy to carry around all day in your pocket just in case you need some added power to your phone or other device.
2065	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Super sturdy. I bought for my hubby and he loves that the clips are strong. I have bought 2 similar products and the clip would break not too long after(2 months) I could tell from the beginning that they would not take the daily use from my hubby.


27	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for my mom, it's just as it appears, very cute. It is definitely a bulky case, but if you're thinking about buying a case with a big bow on the back you can't expect it to be small. It did take longer than average to arrive, but it came in perfect condition.
The buttons are annoying until you get used to them, which you will very quickly. Complaints about the volume button are just silly. Find the volume you like and stop messing with it. The unit automatically increases the volume in noisy situations, just give it a second. If it doesn't, you're using the wrong ear piece, try one that gives a snugger fit. The answer/hangup/redial button is actually quite easy to locate as it has a raised bump that is squared off enough to be easy to feel with your finger. Poke that and you will not have to poke hard at all, miss it, and yeah, you'll have to ram the poor thing into your ear to get it to do anything at all. Take a few minutes to get used to it and it's simply NOT a problem.
8165	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The item is just as it was described. Fits and works great! Highly recommend. Also very happy on the price, can't beat it!
6895	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works as described.

- Voice Commands


3. Flashing blue light.

4944	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this audio dongle for the sole purpose of using it in conjunction with my iPad Mini's LifeProof Fre's deep recessed headphone port & my Monster iSport Victory right-angle jack.  The jack's housing fits & passes Left & Right audio channels but I can't control a fully-functional in-line controls of my Monster iSport Victory in-ear earphones.  No matter how much I twist the connection to make it connect, I couldn't use the in-line controls.  The cable seems thin & I'm concern that it might not last as well.  iPad Mini on iOS 6.1.3 while the iPad 2 is on iOS 7.0 if it matters.  I'll update this review once I get the chance to try it with my Beats MixR headphones (in-line control cable also have a right-angle jack).
257	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The extra battery  helps to prolong battery life well satisfied would recommend to others.
7237	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love the color.  Out of style now but will keep the item along side the cord telephone with the dial on the receiver .  Back in the day...

Attached to the computer and run for 24-hours (for any potential benefit 'break-in' may have) I selected a number of very well known tracks across a spectrum of music (some classical, mostly Mozart and Beethoven, some classic rock  (the recently remastered Led Zeppelin works) and plenty of broadly-painted alternative (remastered Sisters of Mercy, remastered Cure, etc.), plugged in the headphones and began listening.  It was everything I could have asked for, especially at the price point paid.

I orginally bought two of these at a mall kiosk before I found this on Amazon. Paid $30 for two and when my wife misplaced hers, I found this gem of a price on Amazon.
Maybe mine was just defective, but they weren't loud enough at all and the voice audio on calls was just downright terrible.  I could barely make out what people were saying, rendering this pretty much useless to me.

4726	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The Jawbone bluetooth headset is not really made very well and is a lot worse than people seem to give it credit for. Parts fall off after a short time and it is very cheaply made. It looks metal but really is cheap bendy plastic material.
If you're looking for the simplest of conveniences, look no further. This product does exactly what you need it to do which is charge your phone one full charge where you may not be able otherwise.
9090	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Since I started using my iPhone 4, I have been searching for a compact battery that can keep it going. I spend large amounts of time away from home and needed a battery that would not break the bank. After using an equally expensive battery from anther company, I did some research and came across this battery from New Trent. I have not been disappointed with this product.
4617	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	as advertised..  Great  Product

8907	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Do not waste your money or time with this product if my experience is typical:  this took an initial charge, I used it to re-charge my ipad (and it was incredibly slow and did not fully re-charge the ipad), then re-charged the device, got all the lights, stored it, and then went to use it in a week, and it had no charge, and wouldn't take a charge.  Completely dead.  Waste of money, avoid this product.



Compared to the Iphone, I would say internet browsing is still a plus for the IPhone (touch screen that is bigger), However, you can get what you want from this phone when it comes to browsing the net. The Camera on the Iphone can not match this camera.
Cons:
You can't go wrong with either, but I think I like this one more.
5147	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
2857	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thie cable is so affordable and so rich for its price. It works great and i was very impressed by the packaging!
305	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked good while I had the phone

For our needs, this speaker is the best we've ever used. Other speakers work fine in my car, which is much less noisy and has quieter A/C, but nothing has even come close to being as good in my husband's noisy car.
7024	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Let me put it simple. This is review for the the product and not the seller(I din buy it here)
4279	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	What a love/hate (mostly hate) relationship I had with this thing...
Once you figure out where to start, it is a pretty easy process.  If the company had included this bit of information along with the SIM cards, I would have given them a 5-star rating instead of 4-star.

6627	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I installed this in a 40' x 40' metal shop that was blocking cell signals. I now have great coverage throughout the shop that has two rooms and a large open area. It even provided better cell coverage outside the building. It is a little expensive but it does work.
The interface is simple, only three buttons - two of which are volume.  I use this driving as well as at home, and people are surprised it's a headset.  Road noise doesn't seem to be a problem on either end.  While some reviews mentioned wearers' voices are muffled due to the boom contacting the face, I have not found that to be an issue (and yes, the boom contacts my face)
- One piece
6147	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love love love this unit, and make sure to bring it with me whenever I know I'm going to be out and about for the day, and my phone is not going to survive.  It's absolutely essential on plane flights, long days at the beach, etc. I cannot recommend this or some other type of external charging highly enough.  It's hard to be without your phone, so having this unit is a no brainer.  You can plug it in and put it in your pocket.  Easy
My only complaints are, it plays somewhat low volume through my stereo, but plenty loud for me, and some people say they cannot hear me as well as they'd like, but well enough to get the amount of talking done that you should be doing while driving anyways.  Plus it helps to speak more directly at it. As an iPhone user I bought this primarily for music use, and for that I find it to be fabulous. Great sound quality, as good, if not better than when plugged in through the 3.5mm jack, but not quite as good as through the iPhone proprietary plug. More importantly, it is a seamless experience. (just like the iPhone...for the most part :-P )

past. THIS PRODUCT IS VERY USER FRIENDLY AND GREAT FOR WORK.
CONS:

It takes a little while to get your phone up to full charge, but it gets it up to adequate charge very quickly.  The charge seems to last every bit as long as when I charge my phone off the wall, not like when you use your car charger.  It's a good solid charge from a reliable little unit and I'm very, very happy with it.
5417	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I hadn't planned on writing a review for the Blackberry Rubberized Skin but I dropped my phone the other day on pavement, to my horror.  When I picked it up, there was nay a scratch on my phone.  That, is the true test of how protective this skin really is.
3984	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Way overpriced. Remember you will be buying on its sleek looks and according to other reviews. However look up Trident. I was totally unsatisfied with this product and BoxWave has miserable customer service. You will not believe the hell they put me through and still didn't refund my price. Thank god for Amazon. Amazon refunded my money the instant I filed a claim. Literally within minutes.
-The remote control is very nice. It is small, battery operated, wireless and the 4 controls (play/pause, next, last and phone) can be easily felt with my fingertips (so I don't have to look). I did not like the rubber holder that wraps around the steering wheel with velcro. I found that it easily snagged on my sleeve. I removed the remote control from the holder and stuck it to an out of the way place on the steering wheel with double sided tape (not in a place where it would interfere with the air bag).
A737 AS A PHONE: 3 stars.
3790	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wanted something for my cabin that would play my ipod and also be able to charge my cell phone and plug in other things.  The cabin does not have electricity but there are 12 volt batteries hooked up to solar panels on the roof and we have several adapter plug-ins (like in a car) so this worked great.  It is exactly what I needed.
Obviously the equipment has some serious limitations.  However considering how intolerable poor reception can be in certain situations. the weBoost EQO makes a gallant effort to bring up signal strength.  Installed properly, assuming one has a better signal at the window, one can expect a modest boost in signal quality within the range of the indoor antenna.
9492	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this for a friend who lives in a remote area. This works very well for him. He went from no bars in his living room to five, cannot complain about that.
8992	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Update 03-04-2014
Cons:

After trying many different makes and models over the years (Sennheiser, BlueAnt, Cardo, Motorola, Ericksson, Jabra, Plantronics), I'm sticking with Plantronics for all future purchases.  I had the Voyager 510 for years until I wore it out.  I'm set to buy another.  Plantronics, to me, is the gold standard in bluetooth technology.

Overall, I'm very happy with iTorch's performance and now I do not have to worry my phone running out of battery when I have to be out whole day.


Although no Apple iPhone/ iPad cable or adapters included but it is not a big deal. It fits well in my hand. Lightweight, stylish and reasonable capacity.
2049	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The bottom line when buying a bluetooth headset:  it's about personal preference and fit.  This heatset fits me great, better than any of the other dozen I've tried on.  BUT-- I am a 5'2" 23-year-old female with quite small ears.  My 6'5" fiance isn't as impressed as I am because the speaker doesn't fit over his ear-- because his ears are BIGGER than mine.  The Motorola H850 would probably fit him better.
9127	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery does not disappoint. I have very few complaints as well about this battery. I liked the versatility with a flashlight, laser pointer, and an external battery. I would have liked an easier way to access what you want. While it says in the manual how to access each of the lights or the battery, it does not work perfectly. The laser pointer works the best because its just a touch of the button. The LED light is the worst because you have to turn on the battery itself before you turn on the light. It just makes for a difficult and confusing experience. Maybe providing two buttons (one for the battery on/off, the other for the lights). This would just make for a better experience with the battery/light. The idea is great and I love it because it hits a large market for people who present with a laser pointer and travel. I also really like the design is great. To make it better (and anything better) I would try to make it thinner. I really like the way it fits in hand. FInally, the LED lights are spot on and work like they should. But one problem I just ran into is that I had 2 LED light is like your last 20% percent. When my battery hit 1 LED, the charger shut off. While I charged my iPhone 2 times from 30% and another iPhone from 27%-57%, I still would have liked to have more knowledge of how much battery I have left. With that being said, the battery still works perfectly and I love it. The fact that it comes with a pouch and other cords is great for the owner of the battery.
2- In my situation, the coverage area dramatically drops as soon as I'm out of the 3 foot radius of the base unit. As soon as I'm about 10 feet from the base unit, the signal will drop to zero bars on my phone (Palm Pre) and the phone will intermittently switch to Roaming. (This also occurs with an HTC Touch Pro 2 as well).


One worry I quickly fixed was a dedicated WAP / ON-LINE button.  I simply gave the WAP address an incorrect symbol (put a . where it did not belong) and it won't access the internet when I accidentally press the button.
I tossed it in to garbage for the cons I mentioned in my original review.
On a scale of 1 to 10 I would rate this phone a solid 9 because
8078	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this from Costco a few weeks ago and it comes with the adapter to charge the speakerphone at home.  Paired with my iPhone no problem.  On the streets, I can hear callers no problem and they say I sound great.  On the highway, it is a little more difficult to hear and just depends on how quiet your cabin is.  I like the overall look of the device and the I haven't had to charge mine yet.  I'm very happy with my purchase.

736	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Want to power an accessory on you boat up front or have an extra cigarette lighter plug in on the console.  Nice well built lighter socket.

5615	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	for those who were asking previous to my purchase on other posts, this DOES work for Samsung Note 5, also Nexus phone. I bought my i-go charger YEARS ago when I got my 1st phone, I've bought different tips through the years as I've changed phones and continued 2 use as my car charger! remember it won't charge as fast as a Samsung charger, but if I can use what I already have or keep plugged in while using my phone for GPS, it was a great purchase
9129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this little compact powerhouse.  I actually own the older unit so my review is based on that.  After experiencing my share of a dead Droid, dying iPad2 and MP3 player and at the mercy of an available power outlet, I decided to take "charge" of things.  Saw this little unit on Amazon and decided to give it a try.  As soon as I got it, I knew it would be love at first sight.  I packed it on a couple of trips I took recently, knowing that I would be out all day away from any type of power outlet.  As soon as my phone was dying, I plugged it into the iTorch and I was off to the races again.  I could utilize my phone right then and there or I could have just let it sit in my pack and charge up. Yes, you have to charge the unit up prior to use but its a small inconvenience compared to being at the mercy of a power outlet or even solar charger. If I could make this unit even better, I would include a hard case with a wider selection of plug adapters rather than a carrying pouch and a couple of adapters.


Also, the LED light and the laser that are built are nice little bonuses I wasn't aware of when ordering, they've come in handy several times now.
9924	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Let me put it simple. This is review for the the product and not the seller(I din buy it here)


5082	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Palm Centro is one of the very few smartphones that can fit in your pocket and still deliver quality power features.  However, it has a few minor drawbacks.

9465	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works great with BLU studio 6.0 HD
6223	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Unpacked it and plugged it into a charger. The second, third and fourth LED's lit up. Seemed to be charging OK, and external LED and laser light worked fine.
1451	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Plantronics Voyager 510 is a simple, easy to use headset. It doesn't have anything about that make me think it's super special but it's definitely better than the Plantronics CS-55 I was using.



2541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this silicon sleeve protector after trying a hard-shell case and not liking it because of the extra bulk.  This sleeve doesn't provide much protection from drops, but it does provide a better grip on the phone, and protects the back from scratches when you set it down.  It will also provide a little more clearance between the screen and a flat surface if you set it down on the front.  It also adds almost no weight or bulk to a phone that is already quite large.
8877	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It would be hard to do without this especially if you travel. Extra handy if you do presentations when you need a laser pointer, has a flashlight to. It has enough juice to charge a cell phone three times.

4329	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	if you need something to hang up your cb micro up this will work
I'll give this a 4 out of 5 star.
New Trent IMP60D with a larger form factor (no flashlight or laser

7501	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Suction cup really sticks once you get it on there. A little cheaply made, but for the money a good deal for me. It does what iI need...just hope it holds up.


With regard to the SD card slot, I have no use for it since I do not believe in using my GPS as a convergence device.  It does what it's supposed to do without the need for an SD card.
9335	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I chose this phone hoping to carry one less device, by installing a 4GB Micro SD chip and using it as an mp3 player.

8698	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I love this fone and been looking around for a new one but its impossible to find one so i came accross this seller with his high rating. Unfortunately the fone has used parts, if not all of of it is used. The key pad looks used, the front screen isn't fixed properly not to mention that itsn't the original screen it could have been taken from a demo fone or just a fake screen. This product is fishy and the speaker isn't clear.
My only complaint is the battery. The battery is built in and has to be recharged via usb port. I wish it just used AAA batteries that I could carry and replace as needed. But then again, when broadcasting via bluetooth, my phone only lasts about 2.5 to 3 hours. So maybe my complaint is moot.
It's been little over 7 months now and it's still strong and I still love it!  Very similar strength as when I first got it.  I can definitely go through a full day without worrying about the battery.  With average use and not much of game play, I can still almost go for 2 days with this battery.
Occasionally, web sites are mis-represented - on eBay, for example, there is an extra entry bubble generated between the search text bubble and the putton you push - if you enter text there (which seems the right place) searches don't work.
i purchased this in october of 2011, and over a year and a half later, it is still working perfectly.  a short while ago i upgraded my android phone to a 4g/lte device and began having reception problems.  it would not maintain a consistent signal - it would fluctuate between full strength to one bar and a few times a day have no signal at all.  after playing with my phone's network settings i discovered that setting it to gsm only solved that problem.  i don't have to worry about data speed since the phone is connected via wifi, but when i leave the house i have to remember to switch it back to auto mode (gsm/wcdma/lte) to have a faster data connection.
5074	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Definitely a great hard case for the iPhone...fits snugly and also allows the phone to dock in the universal dock too!
6311	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I've owned many of these headsets over the last 10 years, and I love the over the ear style.  But the last 2 that I've owned both had the mic go out.  I can hear what my friends are saying, but they can't hear me.  Hmmmm...  I've bought the ones without retail packaging. and I'm wondering if they are knock offs.


And cool enough for a teenager as a text messaging, 6 GB MP3 player, games, camera, and camcorder phone.  That also includes the text messages services for AOL, MSN, and Yahoo.
FIRST CONS: Very little cons, but still some that people need and might want to hear when purchasing a cell phone. First one being if you hold up the max of how many messages you can have, it takes FOREVER to erase all of them. It took like 30 minutes to erase the 100 I had in inbox and sent. After finally finishing up erasing, I only hold up to like 20 because I don't want to have to wait and clean the mailbox and have it take a long time.
7748	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this headset for my wife. She can't use this unit because it constantly falls off of her ear(no bud for ear.)I use it as a backup in the car when my jawbone battery is drained. The sound quality is choppy. The only good point is it syncs very quickly with my cell phone and the flip mic feature is convenient. I would recommend Jawbone, Plantronics, or Jabra well before this unit.
9398	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you have the problem (inferior indoor cellular reception) and can accept the limitations of the solution (limited improved coverage area and some bulky equipment), the weBoost EQO may offer a solution.  Does it work?  yes.  Is it easy to set up?  not really.

127	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great, excellent CS
The Wilson system gives you a better coverage radius than the Wi-Ex unit. However, the Wilson unit continuously loses it's signal and the base unit's LED will switch from green to amber to red quite often! Again, neither of these units really improves your indoor signal if your outdoor signal is not at 100%. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR INDOOR RECEPTION TO BE BOOSTED THROUGHOUT YOUR ENTIRE 2500 SQ FT HOME!! This will NOT happen. These two units are misrepresented to make a sale. This is not to say that the Wilson is a better buy, it is not! The coverage radius is only increased by about 1 foot using the Wilson unit. As soon as you are out of this range, your signal will drop and switch over to Roaming as well.
+++ NOTE +++



When I opened the box, I was pleasantly surprised.  It comes with a thin, clear, protective film that covers the screen as well as the keypad.  The only thing exposed in the front is the pearl ball.  The plastic body is extremely high grade.  Feels like that of a polymer pistol like military grade plastic.  And it's nice and thick.  Once the plastic is clipped together, to hold it together, there's a thick silicone shroud that form fits around it.  Together, the thing looks bulletproof.  It's very intelligently designed with all the openings well spaced and areas curved out of the way for my fingers to work.  It's a precision piece of engineering.  The belt holster is the most rugged one I've ever seen.  It tilts with nice positive clicks.  And it's designed to hold the phone backwards so that it keeps the screen tucked out of sight.  The holster also puts the phone to sleep when slid in.
-The typing software can use some improvement, such as predicting words and such. The feature is there but lacks accuracy.
6733	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good Battery
2578	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I'm giving 2 stars because they at least had SOME right ideas.
See if you can find a better quality product - this one is junk.
2767	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very Plesaed

4108	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product!!! Recommended 100%!!!
I also experienced that the joystick is somewhat difficult to handle. Because of its miniature size it only takes a very small sideways pressure to make the intended click a scroll.
6167	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP52D iTorch external battery is a solidly constructed unit that has held up to several drops it has incurred. The weight feels good in the hand and screams quality.
So we recommend this as a family
There are NO new features in the black RAZR.  It has all the same specs (and bugs) as the silver model.
It has great battery life, along with a feature that will automatically power the unit down if it loses pairing with your cell phone for more than 15 minutes.  This is a great feature; it means you can turn it on once, run many short errands, and never have to switch the unit on and off.  It also means that you can't deplete the battery by forgetting to turn it off when you leave your car.
4175	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It looks cool and the noise cancellation does work to a degree but it's not the perfect headset.  Unless I'm using the wrong earpiece(comes with many) it seems to not fit into my ear that well.  There's no mute function, which my Plantronics PLT510 has.  Otherwise it works well.


6501	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work at all for me. You have to have a minimal signal first. What's annoying is that they don't tell you that anywhere. It took three emails to support to find this out. Very disappointing. For reference, I get one or zero bars where I was trying to use it.

I also love all the cool accessories you can get, including vynle(sp?) skins in any color you want.
If you want a PDA, go with the Q or PPC. Unless you like wasting your money on a phone, just so the company can come out with a phone with a few upgrades later on. I respect Palm because they are an American company, but I will never buy anything from them again. Which is a complete 180 from my stance just a few years ago.
2827	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	AA+++
2806	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Piece of junk. Never held a charge. In my case My Mother whom I ordered it for did not tell me before the "30 days" to catch them selling non-working batteries was up.  Use it right away and often and expect to more than likely need to return it. Many warned on here but I tried it and got burned as well.  Never did work.
5040	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This review is of the item "3.5mm Headphone Adapter for Apple iPhone Recessed Jack, 3.5mm, White" Sold by MEDIA-MART.
9461	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	TOUGH environment for a cell phone. Had no service at all, as expected, inside an all-aluminum Coastal Cruiser (boat) sheltered under a roof. PLUS, low signal area with 1 bar only at best and sometimes NO SERVICE, even in the parking lot. Have 4 bars now! Gains both set at 50db. Crystal clear both ways and no drops. UNIT does what it claims! Set up took about an hour to run the coax and mount the outside antennae onto an upper railing. Used power strip surge protector at 1000 Joules, as recommended so as to sleep better during storms.
11. Noise cancellation... is there any? The box says it does, but apparently not good enough.
8539	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	iGo tips are the best way to travel.
6447	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset has been better than I expected.  The sound is clear, my voice comes across great, and the battery life is very long.  I love this headset!
Graphics not that elegant but functional
It will pair with two devices at once which is nice for people with two phones - work and personal. It paired flawlessly with a Motorola G, a Motorola X, an iPhone 6 and and HTC M8. (0000 is the pass code if your phone prompts you for one.)

So, there you have it -- relatively inexpensive, extremely simple to use, cleverly designed, works beautifully, and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Not as much volume as the Moto.
  Is the Jawbone worth the premium price? Kind of doubtful. With other headsets, I've never been unable to complete a phone call, although sometimes I have had a hard time hearing and being understood. The Jawbone does make your voice more intelligible with its noise cancelling abilities. So I guess the determination would be how often you would need to depend on that noise cancelling technology. I am also wary of Aliph's customer support. Many Amazon reviews have remarked on poor build quality, breakage and very poor customer support by the manufacturer.
First off, the fit is by far the best of the 3 I have had. I can honestly say, I have forgotten it was on and it can startle you when a call comes in. After 5-10 minutes, you don't even notice it on at all. Extremely light weight. A 5 star in my book. Where as, the motorola is a 1 star, the BT5010 is a 3 star, and the BT5020 is a 3.5 star.
2381	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Straight to the point, the Samsung WeP200 works for me. It was under 30 dollars and delivered fast from Amazon. Charging it is easy and pairing it was just as easy. Wearing it is... not too bad. I compare it to using earbuds for an ipod or something (assuming we're not using the useless and flimsy plastic hook that Samsung provides). The model itself weighs next to nothing and it fits in my ear just like an earbud. In the wrong position though it can get uncomfortable after prolonged use or fall slightly out of place but it has never ever really fallen OUT of my ear. The volume, as most have said, is quite loud and I never have a problem hearing anyone. Generally it seems like everyone can hear me, but no bluetooth is perfect in that sense. Some people I'm on the phone with complain of echo but I've seen that happen without the use of headsets. Who knows. Overall, a great headset.
battery life is moderate - using AAA batteries, it lasts for a full day or so before needing fresh batteries.  The MHS350 on the other hand, will last a week or more of all-day use with its NMh battery pack, and it includes a back-up battery and dual-slot charger.

This thing works! I now have between 3-5 bars throughout most of my house (I have a small house with an open concept so the antenna really covers it well) I can reliably make and receive calls any time of day, any weather.  My girlfriend is on another carrier and had zero to one bar of reception prior to this, she couldn't even check voicemails, now she needs to be closer to the antenna than I do, but she can use her phone without any issues.
Now to the negatives...
7554	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality belt phone case for my LG-G3 with protective case cover. I would recommend using
8357	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	these are junk

- One handed operation is difficult until you download a plug-in

5472	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This device saves me the hassle of plugging and unplugging the auxiliary cable from my phone every single time.  The moment that I walk in my car, I'm connected right away.  So easy.  It was quite difficult for me to pair the remote with the device, but since my Motorola Droid does not have voice recognition, so it doesn't matter.  I only use the "phone" button on the remote to accept calls.

After about 30 seconds, all the LED's went out, the power button did nothing no matter how many time or how long it was pressed, and unit is totally dead.
It's all plastic. The part that connects to your shower stem is all plastic too and that means it was to strip the threads and not be able to connect,
Lithium-Ion Battery - NICE!
The HS-850 met my needs pretty well.  I found the headset to be much more comfortable than the Jabra BT250v that I used to have.  It is very lightweight, and the earhook fits pretty well.  I stick the headset on the charger for a little while when I get home from work each day so I never have battery issues.  The call quality is adequate on both ends.  I would like the volume a little louder, but it will do.  My wife said that she could hear an "echo" of herself.  This is due having the volume all the way up with the speaker and mic being so close together.  However, she couldn't tell a difference between having the A/C on high or low in terms of background noise.  This was also an improvement over the Jabra BT250v.

I gave this company a rating of 1 because none of their attachments fit my devices.  I should not have done that.  I'm looking at the bottom of the screen and I see that they offer the adapter with their product.  How did I miss that when I ordered?  They are not to blame because I was in a hurry and ordered only what I saw in front of me without taking the time to scroll to the bottom of the page.
5) range - I know others experiences are different, but I get good results at 15 feet from my phone when in my home. I was surprised.
3386	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are awesome, these cables bring your wii to life. They make the games more colorful i highly recommend this product.
6984	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	El articulo perfecto. Me gusto bastante. Lo recomiendo 100%. Es de buena calidad. Si volvera a comprarle a este vendedor.
Pros:
Came with ear hook but I don't need it fits perfectly with the medium ear gel (comes with 3).
7823	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works!
Service from Elago Design was prompt and the item came as described.
I use it with my unlocked Nokia 95-3 and Nokia 800 Internet Tablet to charge them from my Apple MacBook. It charges even when it is in sleep mode.
6535	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Exactly what I needed.  Only down side is the USB and antenna ports get so hot I have gotten blisters on my pinky and palm of my hand wham I grabbed it.
6348	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We got this phone for our 12 year old middle schooler and she absolutely loves it.  She fell in love with it at first sight, loves the white and green color combo.  She says texting is so quick now with the keyboard and she loves all the applications and extras.  In fact I'm a bit jealous of all it's features compared to my Balckberry Pearl.  For your money it's packed and good buy compared to more spendy phones like the iphone and the Pantech Duo she was also looking at.  My only complaint is the lack of accesories such as cases right now.....but it's new and I'm sure we will start seeing them.





I am obviously not sayng that you can;t purchase this product and have a happy relationship with it.  But you can NOT take the removal of the charging cord from the headset lightly, and I just do not need to be burdened with this.  I want to detach and GO - not spend 3 minutes sweating the removal.

For a beautiful case that protects your investment without fail and displays it in all it glory (seriously, get those screen protectors) you can't go wrong with the Contour Showcase.
6523	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not show an improved signal within the RV.  Not noticeable enough to justify the cost of the unit.  I returned for a refund.
1) Price:  You will not be able to find an unlocked phone anywhere near this price.  If you did, it wouldn't be nearly as good at what it does.

5541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a great price and works well.  It arrived fully charged, and when I unplug the power and do a few things Windows informs me that I have 3 hours of battery life left.  Not too bad considering my battery was completely dead before and this was $15.
Cons:

Recommendation:

Updated 6-28-2012
In contrast, I also have the Sony DRBT21G/B headset -- the sound there is richer but it is bulky and dorky looking when going to the gym.
7410	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it. Love it.  Love it.  I can even take calls with it.  Wish I could make calls without opening it. But it is the best case I've ever used. Protects from drop and water.  Even store ear buds when not using.
Early available specs also indicate that it will have 96MB of RAM - midway between the N95-1 and subsequent N95s; however, the RAM will be split up into a 32MB chunk for the DSP (GSM and W-CDMA radios) and 64MB for the Symbian phone OS/functionality.  Thus, this could become an issue.
whoops
6615	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was researching ways to boost cell signals when I found this. After reading many reviews I realized that the issue of weak cell signals can be fixed, easily and permanently, with a cell phone that can use WIFI to make receive calls text and data. A weak cell signal is a common problem with concrete and metal buildings shielding those signals out.  And many live in areas where cell signals are just weak.  But we always have access to WIFI at home or in the office. Republic Wireless solved this problem over two years ago. It uses VOIP calling backed up by both Sprint Cell and Verizon roaming. It also works world wide on WIFI for $5 a month. Service is unlimited and has no contract. An unlimited call and text plan is $10 a month, and unlimited cell, text and data is $25 a month. You do have to use their phone (Moto X $299 or Moto G $149) because they need Republic's proprietary software to work at these rates. I have been using them for over 18 months now and it has worked perfectly.
Con:
4655	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I wear this on the belt loop and the loop for the belt just got torned and ripped in just 2-months. Not worth the money.
Overall, I have enjoyed this phone and no problems with it really. Another great thing is that it doesn't have an annoying external antenna to get in the way so it's a good buy.
contents is standard yet generous. The package includes a micro usb cord, a
I lost my first one of these and am on my second. If i lose this one, i'm buying another one just like it - I'm tired of trying different headsets i don't like.
4923	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works!
8619	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good clip replacements.  I replaced the original one I bought with my Cellet cover.  These swivel around which is a feature I like.

once on they work great
3020	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pros:
9393	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a good signal booster, easy to set up and easy to use--with one major drawback. It's usefulness is severely impaired by modern low-e glass. If you have an older house, this isn't a problem, but we just spent a lot of money to have all of our windows replaces with low-e glass to save on energy costs, which means we can't make much use of this signal booster.
Having said that, this is great if you are wearing a blazer, sport or suit coat or if you keep the phone in your shirt pocket.

6273	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to extend the life of my iPod touch 4th generation between times when I can plug it into a wall socket, in anticipation of an upcoming long plane flight. Works great! I don't think I'll have any problem using the iPod to watch movies, read and play games for the entire trip. I like that I can use this without removing my iPod from it's protective cover.
1503	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I was drawn to this bluetooth device because it is made by Plantronics and my other Plantronics devices have been very good. Although this unit was very comfortable and fit snug to my head the voice and call quality was not up to my expectations. I now have an Aliph Jawbone and it is not as comfortable but far surpasses the Plantronics in voice and call quality.
9915	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this to replace welch Allen diagnostic and didn't want to pay for brand name. Works great and charges fine. It was dead when I first got it and didn't think it was working but left it charging for a full 24 hours and now it works great. They probably forgot to factory cycle it before shipping
Also, since this unit is next to my monitor on my desk, I need to glance at the incoming number, even though I now hear who's calling, but the base rests slightly angled, too low for me to see very brightly, even with adjusting the contrast to the highest.  It's fine when I pick up the handset which clips upside down on a belt or waistband and flips up so you can see who's calling while walking around.  But I put one of those elevated foam phone rests to raise the base angle for better viewing.
All three headsets had very good audio quality in quiet environments.  The 510 was best in noisy and windy environments.  The H710 had the loudest volume and was easiest to hear callers.  The BT8040 in extremely loud environments would apparently get confused in its echo cancellation algorithms and tend to experience audio cutouts (for the wearer, not the caller).

5364	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Looked for an otterbox for my husband and found this.  For the price I decided to give it a try, it is about 1/3 the price of the one that he was going to get from Sprint.  We received in a few days and it works just fine. He works in construction so his phone is always getting dirty, and dusty.  Would definitely buy it again.
9573	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	A difficult choice for those looking for a cellular booster for their home is whether to purchase the zBoost YX545 Wireless Extenders or the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster. The zBoost is #1 on Amazon in the celluar signal booster category while the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster is #2.
I have an s3, its an old phone so the battery is crappy at times, this case not only protects the phone for me but also helps me not have to worry about keep charging my phone.
1512	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Voyager 510 is my first experience with a Bluetooth headset. Been using it the last couple of months; ever since California instituted its "Hands-Free" law on July 1, 2008.
2206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It wore out in a month, but for a penny, I'm not complaining. It was great while it lasted. I think I put it in, then pulled it out of my pockets too much. Causing the glue on the lenses to come loose.
4613	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Size wise, this case/pouch is perfect for the Galaxy Note 2 even with a Fosmon Dura TPU case on the phone.  The case/pouch with the phone in it, fits comfortably in pants pockets.  Also, the thickness of this case/pouch will allow for even a little bulkier TPU case such as those with a built in kick stand.  This case/pouch provides the extra protection needed from drops etc., needed when mobile.  UPDATE I am adding to this review (no change in rating).  If the back metal clip is not desired (some may and some may not like the metal clip), the metal clip can be easily but permanently removed by cutting the threads that attach it to the back band (I used a single edge razor blade to do this and it left no marring or holes in the fabric of the case/pouch).  This results in the case/pouch being slimmer, more easier to handle and lay down and more comfortable when placed in the pants pocket.  By just removing the metal clip and the fabric it is attached to (the D ring will be removed to), but leaving the back fabric band alone, the case/pouch can still be worn horizontal on a belt if so desired (belt looped through the back fabric band).

7380	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	tired this one out with my ex and I bought it with him in mind he liked using it on me. ok quality for the price i guess

The company told me I could "gently" bend the loops to fit my ear better.  They also recommended Jabra ear gels instead of the Aliph ear buds.  They also recommended a place that can make a custom gel earbud (for about $65 + shipping).

MicroSD: The N82's spec doesn't state support for HC MicroSD memory, but I took the chance and bought an 8GB one and it works flawlessly...

4948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Bought my first of these in Feb 2013 and it is now being held together with electrical tape.  Didn't expect much from the reviews but they're so inexpensive that I gave it a try anyway.  This time I ordered several and will just consider them a disposable item although they work fine with the electrical tape.
107	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pretty standard car charger from Samsung. Cant go wrong with it. Charges my S4 well. No issues faced till date.
3.  External Display: Well light for digital time display, signal strength, battery life and bluetooth indicator. How much more can we ask of an external display?

8466	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great and holds up well, great reception
5577	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good short range radio.
1889	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this Bluetooth stereo headset and I couldn't use it for a long time. Trying a little harder, I finally connect it to my HP iPAQ 510 cell phone, excellent sound and good range. Just read the manuals and enjoy...
2957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this pouch even though many people say its bad. I've had over a month now with this pouch and it is working great very thin and not bulky whatsoever. It works great with the Samsung Blade AKA A900
Camera takes very good pictures for a camera phone.

Cons:
handy.






 What kind or condescending product support/warranty is this - product support has no business asking about product price...
-I've gotten used to the flip style so having the screen exposed made me think twice about shoving it into my pockets.

initial charge. I charged my Samsung Galaxy Nexus for about 3 hours for a
4000	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	work great..
The Palm OS gets knocks for being outdated, however, it works very well and is simple to use.  Plus it's alot snappier than Windows Mobile.  It doesn't really multitask, although some programs like IM let you sign onto an AOL, MSN, or Yahoo account and still receive messages after you've backed out of the program.  The Centro syncs easily with Vista and XP, but I haven't tried it on a Mac.  The other benefit is that there is a plethora for Palm software apps out there, both free and for purchase.
Clear, audible sound

- External display can display photographs of callers
The pictures I took with it turned out fine, I loved the BlueTooth connections, and when I could use the phone there were no connection problems.  The hardware is the problem and I can't or won't waste more time on this.

5894	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	first-class
* Name
1374	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this product for my Att 4s Iphone, when I could of got it free from them. Price was right but check first with your cell phone provider they will give you a free one.
So here's what I did:
6343	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Not much to tell. It holds my cell while I am at work. The clasp is steel but the nylon separates from it after a while so I order 1 or 2 a year.
8456	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works good.

What I use it for: Blackberry Bold 9650, Kindle, and iPod Touch
The Plantronics web site said this thing will work with named enterprise IP phone applications so I felt a little more confident than if they just said "VOIP." Apparently, vendors think 'VOIP' means Skype, Vonage, Yahoo... and they have to use a different word for enterprise VOIP applications.
The only issues I have are cosmetic, like I hate the blinking light, but that's just a personal issue.
After about 3 weeks of use, my device would not charge anymore.  Then it started emitting a high pitched noise while it was connected to power.
9367	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does wonders! I work in an area that has patchy or no signal. As long as I have my phone (Verizon-iPhone 7plus) in the cradle, I always have a signal and am able to make phone calls. However, data sometimes is slow. But I bought it for phone calls.
321	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It will be nice if I could have the item more than a day so I can evaluate it. although as I can say right now it's going fantastic. As I can tell I've had this phone for over 6 hours and lost 30%. Which I believe is fantastic.
Update: 10/30/2014
It took my husband about an hour and a half to set it up but almost all of that time was spent stringing the cord through my ceiling tiles.
7157	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	so nice.
Without the boom mic...not as impressive.  I did the same test, music up relatively loud and placed a call.  It picked up my voice fine for the voice commands, however I could hear some feed back--heard my music and a slight echo of my voice.  Also both my callers that had heard me on it with the mic b4, could hardly hear me over the music....said they could hear that I was speaking, but couldn't make out my voice with out straining.

9644	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Work as advertised. Good quaility
8384	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this arm band pretty well but the strap is kind of small.  It just barely fits around my arm and I'm not exactly a body builder.  The material is nice as it keeps sweat and moisture away from your iphone.  It holds the iphone snug inside so there's no fear of slipping out and it doesn't flop around while you're running.  The touch works fine, you just have to push a little harder but while you're running you probably don't want to be fiddling with things anyway.  All in all, I'm satisfied.
-Sprint data plans are unlimited and inexpensive (included on plans over $100)
 The kickstand has a lot of stops, studio you have many angles to choose and the texture feels secure in your hands for extended use.

7386	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife uses this on her phone. It gives her some protection against drops and comes off easily so that she can use her blackberry stand charger.
4466	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was a little skeptical if this was an OEM cord as it did not come in the usual Nokia plastic box but it appears that way.  Most importantly, it works just fine: connects the N8 to my PC & charges it.
6899	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed and they work.
2724	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like the "S" Pattern on the back.  This has a nice grip on the sides and protects the case pretty well overall.  Only con I can think of is sometimes the circular button at the bottom is difficult to press as well as initially starting to use the power button (have to break in the case).
I HIGHLY recommend it!
6019	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Looks great, only it stopped charging 3months into the purchase.  I only chargedbit about 3 or 4 times too.  Now it sits on my desk as a paper weight.
7297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	DON'T USE ANYMORE BECAUSE FRUSTRATED WITH CONSTANT MALFUNCTIONS AND DROP CALLS.  WOULD NOT RECOMMEND FOR PURCHASE IF YOU LIKE CONVENIENCE.
129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
7336	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love it but only last a few months
2760	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good

1179	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a really nice USB 2.0 hub. It works way better than the 7-port DLink it replaced. The LED lights are a bit bright, but for me it's not much of an issue since the hub lives down on the floor in my setup. I agree that it would be nice to be able to to turn them off though if it's too bright, just cover over them with a strip of tape-problem solved.
7010	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This works well once I figured out which side was up.  It provides good protection for the face of the curve.  It's thicker that some of the thin, flimsy protectors I've seen.  That's why there's only three in the package.  Be careful applying (clean the screen before hand as recommended) to avoid dust or dirt under the screen.
You can manage photos in there as well and even add photos to your address book so once you've synced up your incoming calls display a picture of the caller. I know this has been around for a while but it wasn't available on my old Palm V or the new BlackBerry I've been using for the past few years.
3274	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Couldnt be more pleased with this product when I opened it up.  My phone still has the same feeling and no added bulk at all but I know that it is protected and I couldn't be happier.


* Can be charged via USB-cable provided
UPDATE 6/1/06
Ordered on Amazon very late Sunday nite.
8010	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've walked about 300 feet from my phone with this and gotten reception. This was out in the open in sight of the phone though. Different story when you're in buildings. Not bad for loudness, but people can't hear above wind noise if you're in a wind. Great battery life on standby. I don't use my phone that much so I don't know how well the battery lasts for conversations.
better quality then a land line.
It's great having all the tools I need in my pocket (coat pocket; it's a little bulky for pants pockets).

9247	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this phone a few weeks ago when I was eligible for an upgrade.  I decided to get the Centro because I find myself texting sometimes and wanting to write e-mails on my phone.  (I used to have a Nokia 6030, and it's a good phone, but it's got a standard cell phone number keypad.)
The only time I attach the stereo bud is when I'm mowing my lawn and want the extra sound insulation. I use the triple-flange Etymotic eargels for it. It's a fight to get them attached, but the great sound insulation that results is an absolute wonder. Makes the noise of the mower nearly disappear, and lets me enjoy my favorite talk show at the time of my choosing, while getting actual, noisy work done.

1403	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	there appears to be a number of Lemons out there; this seller was great

7912	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great buy and find too

It could of been a 5* but i recieved only one
1989	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is definitely the best universal bracket I've used, and for an awesome price! I own 2 BMWs (E46 sedan, E86 Z4 M), and have one installed in both for my iPhone 4 with bumper. For a universal mount, this bracket is extremely low profile and looks like it's made for the phone. It fits perfectly with the bumper on, and it also fits my BlackBerry Curve or Style without adjusting. Adjustments are simple, just slide out the arm out and move it to the next notch. The notch system is way more secure and sturdy than those spring loaded clamps, I really hate those bulky clamp mounts.
3319	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I ordered two of these cables; one works flawlessly, but the other has a bit of a loose connection on the end going into the Wii, and I have to fiddle with it sometimes or else the red disappears from the picture. You get what you pay for, but at the end of the day they both work, even if one is a bit fiddly.
4800	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted
5915	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my buddy and he loved it! It wasn't as much as the 7000mAh I have from New Trent but this one packs plenty of juice to provide long hours of charge and even more to share if needed. I recommend this as well and its portability is greater than the other one I own which is larger but flatter. This one fits right in the pocket if needed!

8767	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love it great when im at work its not in the way when im workin i can carry everything i had in my wallet in this product great item...
*I would really love it if this earpiece had a USB mini charger and didn't need a charging cradle
1108	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am not too picky when it comes to a PDA phone, if I can keep my outlook calendar, appointment, and call the contact store on it, I'm happy! But I do wish the Treo 600 can be better!



cable, which from the instructions are for a Samsung Galaxy Tab. I only
8443	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery was shipped via us mail and arrived undamaged. It was well sealed and is the exact relpacement of the battery I had. It works fine in my Lenovo T60.


Audio would then come and go, by briefly moving the cable.
9203	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought 2 of these as backup power for my Samsung Moment and both came with wall chargers PLUS micro USB adapters.  The manufacturer's website said the micro USB adapters would cost extra, so it was a nice bonus to see them included in both kits, but...
HS815 - OK


Just make sure it functions properly BEFORE you button everything up!  I received a faulty unit the first time around and had to wait for a couple of days to get a new one.  If your chimes don't work  (the unit's default volume is loud enough) or if the radio stays on after you open your door, then it's a bad unit.


Overall it's a good phone for the price I paid (I don't see why one would pay more than a $150) for the black one as priced on Amazon, or even more for the N95 which doesn't give you more for the money.
8653	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Fit and design is good..  Occasionally comes loose.. but it's easily put back on the phone.  I like the protection because I keep my phones several years
Phone-wise, it sounds very good to me, and gets signal where Iphone couldn't.  It has a bounty of software, including To-Do and various versions of OFFICE.  3G internet access is pretty fast, nothing compared to a good laptop on a DSL, but usable.
*if you have access to EVDO, it's wonderful for web browsing....no more need for "SPECIAL" sites when I can view the entire site

- flip design is easy and convenient to use
- loud volume & excellent noise reduction
I can use the included software to update my phone book (see note below about Outlook synchronization).
9033	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I used the battery many times , it was helpful , but I thought that I can recharge my IPhone more than 3 times.
9377	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Almost all of the poor reviews have something in common: an expectation of plug it in and you're good to go. Those of us with experience know better. No, you will not create signal out of nothing. This will INCREASE existing signal strength and often make unusable but present signals into a steady stream of voice and/or data. Even the most powerful booster can only do so much.
1952	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	replaced alarm battery  - perfect

1. You need one bar of service, 3g if you want 3g, 4g if you want 4g, in order for this thing to boost signal. It DOES NOT support all network frequencies. Look up your carriers frequencies prior to expecting magic. It supports one or two frequencies per carrier, which are generally the main frequencies for the carrier. If you didn't buy your device from the carrier, make sure your phone supports these specific frequencies as well. If your phone doesn't support them, I suspect this product won't do much for you.

Now with this unit and new phone and new service area (yes, probably other contributers to my problem) when I made calls/or received, I would be told that people i am speaking with hear an echo of their conversation coming back to them. I have been adjusting the volume on the car but I don't think that is really helping. Shows me that the mic isn't made for this and doesn't cut out (Half-duplex) when the other parties are talking.
+ Excellent screen resolution
A note a caution

charges fast so you are ready for the day
7909	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Your hard pressed to mess something like this up.  Gives me just enough slack so my iPhone can move a bit and still stay plugged in.
I have had this installed for over a month now, I kept the box because I was expecting to have to return it, nope, it's a keeper. If you have a weak signal that needs to be amplified, and your primary concern is getting a steady signal in a designated area of your home, this will work great for you. It also works with 3G and 4G data, I am impressed with it all around.
Dave


Also interesting that when I told them I had relieved the loop problem with a custom bent paper clip, they never asked to see it.  They don't seem interested in improving the feel of this product on the ear.


UPDATE 11/18/06


This review simply confirms that the cable works well with the Wii.  I replaced the original composite video cable with this one and got 480p on my TV.  A working non-OEM product at this price should be 5-star.




3) As most other reviewers have said, this works great out of the box. No problems setting it up, or pairing.
4389	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Iphone is a complete rip off, and most people I know that have one don't even know why they got it oter than being able to say "hey I got an Iphone".  The thing is a IPOD touch with very basic phone functions.....more over priced garbage from crapple made to rake in apple fanboys money.....and they fall for it.
The charging interface is micro USB and there is a glow light that glows red when it's under 50% capacity, yellow over 50% and green when fully charged.


Well done!
One more important item to factor in when considering buying a 650: With the popularity with ever increasing wireless downloading speeds, I was afraid that the slower Treo would make internet surfing next to impossible because of the archaic speeds with which you are forced to endure.  I was VERY pleastantly surprised that downloading web pages did not take as long as I was at first expecting.  I have to tell you, after experimenting with the supposedly MUCH faster 700p with another online carrier than the one I was using (I won't say which, but they really did their best to tell me the 650 was slower than a dial-up modem from 1985), anyway, the 650 was only SLIGHTLY slower than this screaming fast 700p or the 700w.  I figured that was something I could live with to be honest.  Hey, it's a tiny hand-held device that allows me to send and receive email and surf the web...I'm still amazed that something like this exists at ALL to be honest with you...so downloading speed is still secondary in my opinion.  If speed really IS on your list of absolutes, maybe you ought to move up to something else...but keep in mind, it is only BARELY faster than what I experienced first hand.
Then I saw a kiosk at a mall and bought a plastic case with a belt clip.  First of all, the quality was absolutely horrendous.  It barely stayed shut and the molding was horrible.  It was thin and the belt clip that slid into place along the back was made of plastic about as thick as two sheets of paper.  I didn't trust it.  If I were to forget that I had it clipped into my belt and bumped it into my chair while sitting down or something the clip would've definitely broken off.

8817	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works well, i recharged many times. can charge samsung galaxy s3 about 2 times or may more partially charge
8473	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price and features- Just what we needed on the lake!
the way you turn on the LED, laser, and the product itself unless someone
Small size


2172	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I moved from the A630 to the MDA.  I send 1300 - 1700 text messages a month.  This phone is great for message heavy users like myself.  I have not had the trouble with the battery life that the other reviewers are talking about.  I use the internet, the phone, the real player and send tons of text messages every day.  I never have to charge the battery during the day.  I don't use the handset much.  1. because I don't make that many phone calls and 2. because I don't use the handset.  I use the bluetooth earpiece for 99% of my calls.  I've got the Cardo Scala 500 earpiece and the Cardo Scala Rider (motorcycle earpiece).  They both work great with this phone.
8876	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this charger. Not too bulky to carry around in handbag. Great the have on outings especially for iPhones as they tend to run out of battery power really quickly with constant usage.
6016	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This device works just as described.  I have used it with a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2.0 and a Samsung Focus.  It comes with an adapter cable for use with Samsung devices and I did need it for the Focus but not the Galaxy Tab.  This was a very good purchase and I would make it again!  When at the airport and all the outlets were taken...I still was able to charge my devices!  Thank you New Trent!
For now, anther Samsung, the G600, although not available for sale in the US, seems to have a better camera (in some reviews outperforming the N95 and k850i), as well as quad-band GSM support.  (It is otherwise a low-end phone though, without e.g. 3G).
I would buy again and recommend it.

6367	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This pouch is so useful. I can clip it on my pocket, put it in my pocket, put it in my purse of clip it on the top of the purse. Great purchase
  -Bluetooth Music Receiver with a Standard AUX output (Works with ANY car stereo with a AUX in option!. Go Clarion!)
2) I haven't asked the people on the other line how my audio sounded, but I've never heard any complaints - i.e. that my voice was too soft or inaudible or static - so whatever echo and noise cancellation technology Motorola uses, it apparently works.


Speaker button is great for dialing, then I switch to the headset - I don't like the load dialing tones in my ear when using the headset.






3432	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this for <$20 as a gold box deal. It is a good (not great) headset, but for the price, it is dang near unbeatable.
1840	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like this phone a lot more than I thought I would.
We have 3 of these in the family and everyone just loves this model.
10. The indicator light blinks even though I'm not on a call. Well, I can see why it's blinking, just to remind me that the headset is on... however I hope there's a better way to "remind" me that, or allow me to disable the blinking.
7194	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The phone battery is working great.  It took a full week from the time of purchase until we received the battery.  But once it arrived, the battery worked great.  Thank you!


6136	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased the NewTrent IMP52D Mobile Power Pack. It is easy to operate and even has an LED laser pointer and a small white LED for flashlight use. The laser pointer is easily visible 50 feet away, but the flashlight LED could be brighter. This power pack can be charged with any of your devices plug-in chargers or from a USB port on your PC. It even comes with a carrying case for the unit and its two cables.

So, I set this up in my attic as per the instuctions, and extended the line downstairs, but there absolutely was no improvement in my reception anywhere in the room.  Tried several adjustments of location, but it still didn't work.
2. I like the fact that it has a hard case for protection while not in use and it doubles as a charger base.




7818	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to plug in with my otterbox case for my Dr Dre Beats. It works great. It doesn't break up the sound or have any discrepancies with the sound.
7627	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok, we all know this is an awesome earpiece.  I have used it while blow-drying my hair and the other person said my voice was a little muffled but they could still hear me pretty good.  IMPRESSIVE!  The only little complaint I have is that the ear buds don't snap in or securely stay in the earpiece.  They only need a quarter turn to secure on and it is a very loose fit.  I lost one ear bud within the first week of having it; luckily I found it in my car.  And then the next week I lost it AGAIN and haven't found it.  I put the spare one in, and that one fell off too and the problem is, if you don't have the ear bud, the earpiece won't stay secure on your face.  Besides it isn't comfortable without the ear bud.  I did find the ear bud in the parking lot at my office, but someone ran over it with their car and it cracked the plastic inside.  But it still holds together enough to be useable.  I have been searching around to see where I could buy more ear buds and I can't seem to find anyplace that sells them (without buying a whole charger, the thing that goes around your ear, and the extra ear buds that don't fit into your ear.)  I think that if they are only going to have the ear bud do a quarter turn to secure it to the jawbone, the least it could do is click in or snap in or something.  But it doesn't, it just turns and hopefully you UNTURN it when you are trying to adjust it to secure it to your ear.  I now have a carrying case for it to try to minimize the chances of losing my last dying cracked ear bud.  BUT OUTSIDE OF THAT, IT IS A GREAT PRODUCT!<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Aliph-Jawbone-Noise-Shield-Bluetooth-Headset-Black/dp/B000RUPEOA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset- Black</a>
Phone sometimes disconnects and screen goes blank.
- the "hidden" buttons on the headset are easy to use... they just require getting used to (one day of use).

3286	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this case because of the descriptions and the price. I have a white HTC One and it really looked good on it and didn't add much bulk or weight to the phone. I tried to take it 1 step too far and remove the plastic back to make it a bumper (since that was I was looking for anyway) but it's not firm enough to be a bumper. If you're happy with the looks and don't destroy it like I did, you'll live this one. I'm still using it as a bumper but did order the clear version of this same make/model.
5536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Virgin Mobile is the best prepaid service provider. TracFone is just HORRIBLE (minutes go as high as $.50 a minute and text messages are $.30 each and I think you have to pay to receive text messages with TracFone. With Virgin Mobile, its $.25 a minutes for the first ten minutes of the day and $.10 a minute after that. Text messages are $.10 to send and free to receive. A lot of content is available at virginmobileusa.com for putting on your phone (ringtones, celebrity voicemail greetings, MTV and Comedy Central Content, and a lot more). You only have to play $20 every three month which is A LOT cheaper than most cell phone service providers. And best of all, NO CONTRACTS!!! Virgin Mobile is the way to go for prepaid phone service.
People cannot hear me, either, very well. I have to speak very loudly for them to understand what I am saying.
Minor gripe: waaay too easy to hit the direct connect button in its holster...make sure you've switched "one touch direct connect" OFF if you're moving around a lot, and once you've finished using DC, hit the STOP button (on top in the middle) to get it back to phone-mode, or you'll have to be apologizing all the time for accidentally two-waying somebody!
It's great.  It's relatively light, recharges pretty quickly.
5949	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice product. Works great & fits in any bag or purse. I have never needed the light or laser but they're good to have in a pinch. I have purchased multiple chargers & keyboards from New Trent & all of the have met or exceeded my expectations.
5205	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've used this device for over a year now, mostly while running and loved it so much that I am ordering my second, after the first one broke. I use it with my Samsung Juke, and I mostly listen to lectures or podcasts - only sometimes music.


7797	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great Bluetooth headset. Goes on the ear easily and with no discomfort. Connects to my phone easily. I can hear clearly on all calls and the people I am calling can hear me with no problems.




2249	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This adapter was actually the (wrong) right angle for my particular purpose, but the fantastic seller (Seller1ON1) went the extra mile and sent me the opposite (left angle) part.  Highly recommended.
voice: amazing, very stable even it has 1 bar
Be weary about the device shutting itself down if there is too much RF in the area of the antenna.
The range being advertised as "up to 1200 square feet" can be VERY misleading. "Up to" is the key, so I'd take that with a grain of salt to be honest. Maybe if that 1200 feet is one large open space (no walls, etc) and if the outside signal is fairly strong to begin with; again, so many variables! I'm sure plenty of people do get that much coverage, but just don't count on it, that's all I'm saying. For example: My entire house is very small, 750 sq feet. So one might think this would cover my whole house, right? Nope. After doing a ridiculous amount of component acrobats and creative placement, I'm able to talk in 2 small connecting rooms, which are side by side and I have the booster right by the doorway of those two rooms, sort of splitting the 180 degree range between the rooms. But I still have no improvement in my bedroom, dining room, kitchen, bath or hall. So I basically had to decide which area was most important for a signal. I chose my office and my living room because those are the two primary places where I might use the phone.


2210	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this so I could use my GPS feature on my iPhone...worked well for the first day until I decided to move the mount to a different spot on my windshield.  The cheap plastic tab that locks the suction cup down broke like a weak twig.  Now the suction will not grip the window since I have no lever to lock it down.  If I could, I would have given no stars at all!  Very upsetting!!!!
MS Word and Excel

** INSTALLATION ** Remove old shower head. Clean pipe threads. Apply 3 turns of pipe thread in a CLOCKWISE direction. Extend shower head extension pipe arm all the way out. If you want flow restriction, insert now, other insert pipe gasket. Attach shower head in a CLOCKWISE direction by hand until tight. Cover the plastic thread cap (nearest the pipe) with a cloth and tighten 1/4 turn with a pliers or pipe wrench using GENTLE pressure. The shower head can now be straightened by gentle turning the adjustment screw (nearest shower head) by hand. It will click. Once you have the general downward direction of the shower head placed, test for leaks. If it leaks at the pipe & shower head connection, gently tighten another 1/4 turn. Once you're ready you can position the shower head, by head, any which way you like . It will click letting you know it's locked.
5428	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is really a great phone.  The one Amazon sells is the US Warranty version and mine does not suffer from any of the plagues people mention online.  I believe the Asian versions are the ones with the problems.  I would have given the phone a perfect rating if it somehow incorporated a QWERTY keypad.  Maybe by tilting it over and sliding it up.  Otherwise, the camera/video recorder is where this phone really shines.  The built-in Xenon flash and auto-focus assist really makes the difference in your pictures.
2434	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have had this case for about a month now. I use it with my H710 motorola earbud.  It has fallen out at work (found it on carpet, fortunately) and also in car (on carpet again).  The velcro strap holder is worse than useless.  It snags on clothes and therefore will come open very easily if worn on belt.  So...downers for velcro strap.  Uppers?  I like the clip for the belt.  Fairly easy to get on and off belt, and handy when driving.  Pretty easy getting unit in and out of case.
4764	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I got the first one, No signal. Second one No signal.
4911	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Still working after some years!
1513	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this product so I could talk handsfree in the car with the air conditioner running.  It worked as well as I had hoped.

Also, the noise cancellation is good; people on the other side can hear me very well.
1842	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very nice!

- Random problem plague the phone.
EDIT/Update:
9776	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	not bad

1348	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Loved the idea of moving back to a palm device after my sony p900 died. Constant lockups, requiring the removal of the battery to reboot even after doing a firmware update, made me return this to amazon. Will wait for the new sony.


5393	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	purchased this for my husband, he loves it, could not believe the quality and the price is un heard of.
929	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love it

Close your eyes and buy it anyway. Once you feel it, you won't care what it looks like.
2234	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I don't sign any contracts I don't have to unless there is a very good reason. In the case of a T-mobile cell phone contract, there is a VERY good reason: getting two awesome (and pricey) cell phones for virtually free. I got an HTC Touch Pro 2 (retails at $650+) and a a blackberry pearl flip phone (retails for $400+) for $150 total. That's over a $800 savings. Average out over 24 months, that's $33.00 off my cell phone bill a month--a significant savings. I don't need a new phone every 6-12 months like some people seem to, so for me it's a great deal, especially since I have a preference for high-end smart phones. If you just need a basic model, you're probably better off getting a cheap unlocked phone and paying month to month.
5176	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Having looked for a bluetooth speaker phone to use with my iPhone, I did research everything I could find. The reviews of the Jabra SP5050 were excellent on the whole, but I was naturally suspicious as things are often not as good as advertsied.  I wanted to use the speaker phone in a convertible Mustang, and thought that the noise with the roof up (the Mustang isn't exactly a quiet car!) may make the unit less than useful. Quite the contrary. I can not only use the Jabra with the roof up, but also with the roof down - and at speeds up to about 45-50mph. Very impressive.
Coverage in my area (Austin, TX is good)and while I have not yet traveled away from the IH-35 corridor, I had good voice and data coverage all the way to the TX/OK stateline (as far north as I went). For $20/month all you can eat data, this is a screaming deal.  I don't find the web surfing that useful (speed is about like a 28kbps dial-up connection) but for email it is superior to the Blackberry 957 I used a number of years ago.  The interface for the phone and for email and the address book is great.  Far better than any Nokia phone I have ever used.  The intellisync software allows me to create use a separate address book in Outlook that I can then sync with the SKII with a one button push.  Very simple and means you can have an abreviated address book if you are concerned about having this infor resident on TMO/Danger's servers.  I agree with another reviewier that it would be better that this info is NOT resident, but if that's a concern, limit what you leave on the server.
Sprint Unlimited Data Plan
First of all, the 5 stars is based on this being less than $2. I wouldn't say this is the best adapter you can buy. This is however the best one I tested. The cord is stiffer and feels more solid than the others.  The female plug has a tighter fit and no play. The plastic around the male end is slimmer than all the rest. This cord doesn't meet my immediate needs because of the longer plastic head, but I would buy this again for use with certain iPhone cases that block larger plugs.
2091	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This was a nice try by Palm and I never thought they would actually use any other OS besides their own.
4073	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this cute little guy is from japan. arrived surprisingly quickly for having traveled across an ocean. import/ S&H was $11.00, though, so i would suggest buying more than a couple at a time for that price...

It doesn't seem to me to have as good a reception as the old H500, and that is why I bought it, in hopes it was better, but for the money, I haven't seen it yet...
Just bend the prongs out some on your chargers to get keep them from wiggling out from road bumps. (The male end of whatever cig outlets going into this thing)

  Also don't expect this to cover your house. If you need to walk around to make calls you'll want to look elsewhere.
8765	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had the Motorola F3 for about a month now, and I cannot imagine a more perfect phone for me. It does all the things a phone should do, and it does them very well: (1.) Strong Signal (2.) Long battery life (under my "normal" use, ie about five short calls per day, a single charge lasted me seven days--AMAZING!) (3.) Small and light, I hardly notice it's in my hip pocket (4.) Sturdy and durable, solid as a rock (5.) Easy to use and read: the e-ink display is as easy to read as ink on paper, even in direct sunlight.
Sound- The speaker for ringtones is very loud and one thing I didn't like is that it was actually a little to loud for mp3 ringtones. But then after the upgrade it got quiet but then I think it got to quiet so in all I give it 2 stars for being to quiet and 3 for being loud But then for being to loud.
The Palm Pre takes a MicroUSB connector, but more importantly needs a fast charger...This connecter is MicroUSB connector and appears to be wired so that it supports the quick charge.
*got a good price on ebay ($42 shipped for new)
8171	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a good deal. I bought two, for two different phones, and was pleased to find that they both worked.
3402	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This cable has made a noticeable difference while watching netflix. At first I did not see any difference then read that the screen resolution needs to be changed to 480p in the Wii preferences. After that was changed we saw a difference. While still not as good as HD on my TV it's much better. I think the Wii is limited to a max Res of 480. I saw some cables on ebay that were for 1080 but that does not make any sense if the Wii max output is 480. Does anyone know definitively what the max Wii resolution is? I'd like to know. Regardless; we saw a big improvement while watching the "24" series from netflix. With the original RCA cables the shading in the faces was very blocky and seemed to float like it was always 1 step behind. For instance when Jack would turn his head quickly it had a tracer like quality. Now while there is still some blockiness the block are MUCH smaller and the tracer effect went away. I don't know how to describe it any better

I'll only be using this about six times each year while out in the backcountry, so for $39 this is a life saver!

6990	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	For the price that it is, its not bad. It gets the job done and thats all that really matters. It covers exactly only the part that lifghts up, the screen/monitor; it doesn't cover from the top top piece where it says "Blackberry". You really need to know how to place the protectors on or you have a lot of bubbles. 3 for the price of 0.75$ is not much to complan about. Came on time!


I would recommend this for anyone who doesn't want to spend $100.
DO NOT BUY
5855	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It talks while you are using it, and a basic needs for you. As I said in the title " Visually Impaired "
My husband works out of town during the week and he calls me a great deal from his car. His car is noisy anyway and we live in Texas, where the air conditioning must be run full blast at least 9 months out of the year in your car to keep from boiling in the heat. The road and traffic noise, combined with the A/C, proved to be too much for most Bluetooth speakers to manage and his voice sounded faint and terrible most of the time. The ones with noise cancellation worked much better but he still had to move to speaker to the dash to make his voice loud enough for me to hear. Which meant that it was closer to the A/C vents so that noise was increased.

The buttons are squishy and unresponsive. I was never sure if I was actually pressing them right. Felt like I had to crush the unit to get the buttons to work.
3514	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The case is great, well built and engineered to perfectly fit my S4. Will get another before soon as these are no longer made by Otterbox and will get harder to find as time goes on.

It connected up easily and appears to have decent range.
We have 3 of these in the family and everyone just loves this model.
-There are 3 buttons on the front of the cigarette adapter (for phone, music and power). These are rubber membrane switches. After being in the car overnight in single digit temperatures, the buttons would depress but not spring back. When it warmed up, they would work fine.

  -Surprisingly she can read texts, she just can't send them.  So I can text her, she just can't text me back.
8033	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This car charger works for my Samsung SCH-U700 Gleam phone.  It's a simple design that get's the job done.  No bells or whistles, just plug it into your car's D/C cigarette socket, and the other end into your phone.
You'll get varying amounts of charge depending on the device you plug into it.

532	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
7456	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This doesn't work. Save your money. Does not work as a factory (Samsung) charger. It took forever to charge my phone, and not worth the aggravation

7368	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Phones were just as requested, new and in the box. Unlike others who sell on here starting with the letter "Z" these were new and not refurbished!  Thanks.
3320	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had an older tv and my Wii wouldn't hook into it.  I got this cable and it worked PERFECT.  It is a cheap and easy fix!  Since then we got a new tv and don't need the cable but we never had any problems with connection or the wires breaking down while we used them.  Great, inexpensive fix to solve our problem!
6833	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!
9062	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	After a couple of months of use, battery won't charge what a waste of money . . I think its waste of money to buy a charger that only last 3months .


8960	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the iTorch as my sole means of charging a few separate devices since I received it. Namely, an iPod touch 5th Gen, a Verizon MiFi Jetpack, my Blackberry Curve, and an older iPod Touch (2nd Gen). The iTorch has delivered exactly what I was looking for in terms of allowing me to not have to find an outlet to recharge any of my devices. The capacity of the iTorch completely recharged my iPod 5th Gen twice, as well as recharging the older iPod Touch completely, and the iTorch still had some power remaining. This is more than adequete to get me through the day.
4261	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did Not work
1741	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The range and clarity was amazing when I got to hear them being used.  They are really loud and have a high quality of sound.
then run search, pick motorola HT820, enter passcode 0000
How is that possible? I purchased a 4 GB SD chip for a REASON, Motorola! This phone was rated #5 on CNET's "Best Cell Phones" catagory!
My only reason for giving a four instead of a five, is that it is fairly large.  Not really uncomfortable, and it looks sleek and unique, but it is larger than most other comparable headsets.  However, I guess it needs to be that size and I can live with it, especially considering the great performance.
7272	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	still working great phone and good price
2) Sony Bluetooth Transmitter Adaptor (TMR-BT10A) = does work with the Motorola S805
It's a simple setup that shouldn't require an electrician, but cutting holes in the roof of a building was more than I was able to tackle on my own.  I should have done this years ago.


The 5130 is available in purple, orange, red and blue (I own the purple). It's very thin and small, but fits easily in the palm of your hand and doesn't give the impression it's going to fall apart if you look at it cross-eyed.
There are four things that keep it from getting 5 stars:
3203	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The gains are small but significant considering I live and work in a rural area wheres there are more cows and horses than than there are cell towers this small inexpensive antenna makes a difference ,I have far less dropped calls. While driving home I  will travel from 4g with 5 bars to 2g with two bars and it will fluctuate from 1 bar at 2g to three every little fluctuation would drop my call. However since installing this on my car. I'm able to stay on the call regardless of the flipping fluctuation. According to my callers, on occasion the drop from three bars to one bar and up to three again on 2g network will cause my voice to shutter.  Keep in mind that no cell company has coverage in every area that one travels through. I drive roughly 150 to 200 miles a day mostly through rural and farm areas I spend a lot of time in my car  All things considered it works well.
7400	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love Pelican products. This little case will protect my old classic Ipod whe I take it outside . It has a link to plug in to a speaker/amp. very nice!

3179	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I buyed this item, i don't recomended, because,after feww days use, the stickers does`nt work, and you can hold the phone, not good.

If you order this or any other item and don't receive what was pictured and listed, contact the seller.  Most of them would rather just give you a refund because they know they are shipping a different brand than what is listed. If you don't get a refund, leave negative feedback. Hopefully this will help stop sellers from shipping different items than the listings show.
- Flip-open boom microphone that turns the headset on/off
1255	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Love the headset.  Then only thing is that is not that comfortable when using it.. It has excellent reception and the clarity is outstanding.  Must buy..
* Birthday?????????????????
use, and topped off my phone in minutes! Great product and the perfect
The mic isn't that great though... I drive a fairly small and fairly quiet car (2-door '07 Civic) and I still struggle sometimes when speaking over it, if you speak loudly it's fine for brief calls but for any call that's gonna take more than 5 min. I just pick up my phone... Or I put it on speaker so I can slip the phone into my shirt pocket and use it's microphone, the EVO's speaker is loud enough.
5092	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this data cable for my Net 10 Samsung SGH-T401g. It was plug and play and it also charges my phone while connected to the computer. I also downloaded Samsung PC Studio for free to use along with this and my phone.
I think the folks complaining about the short wire on one side aren't wearing them right. Put the long side **behind** your head and it fits perfectly.
- loaded w/AT&T apps
2663	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Everything works great!

7809	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It didn't work on Iphone 3G. I've not tried it on another iphone yet. It didn't work on HTC too.

my headphone set HD598, Philips X2 Fidelio, HD600 and power hungry K7xx
The magnetic closure is nice but there was no ring for a strap on the case I received -- would have been useful in that the hard leather is smooth and a little slippery.
What I like about the Voyager compared to the 820, fits either ear...820 only fits the right ear only, sound is better, ear bud fits in the ear making it a lot easier to hear in loud environments.
It also comes with a very nice case, but you have to remove the Dash from the case for usage (which I prefer to do anyway, as all cases tend to make these tiny devices bulky) but it's convenient to easily slide onto your belt and I just pop/slide it out from my case when needed.  It also comes with all the necessary cables/equipment for synching to your computer and charging.

879	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it and great price too!
854	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are really good ear buds. Signal is strong and good for more than 3 feet (unlike some others I have had). For the price, these are the best available. however, do know that you will replace them at least once per year. This is my 3rd one I think. I love them, but expect them to just stop working at some point. Very good quality and easy to wear...you forget you are even wearing them!


===========================
2387	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After having this for some time, I find its volume control is horrible.  I can't change the rating that I gave it earlier, but I would now rate it a 2 star.  The volume is way too low when driving on the highway.  The plastic deals that hold it onto your ear break within a few weeks and cost a lot to replace.  I would not purchase this again, although it is my first and only unit that I've used.
The documentation suggests that you surf with graphics off for speed. But many buttons are graphical and, unlike every other character or graphics off browser that simply displays the alt text, or, if there is none, "[IMAGE]", the button completely goes away, which means that you can't access what the button points to. This essentially means that you have to leave graphics on to surf.
This thing rocks.  Very comfortable for stereo headphones.  The home stereo adaptor is also very cool.  Hook to your sound source of choice, via easy RCA jacks and you have long range headphone capability.  Mow the lawn, work on the car or just lounge in your chair and listen to whatever you have on your sound source.  Awesome
That is not the case with this charger. If you are in fact using a 2nd generation shuffle, this thing works perfectly well.
Don't see any functional and time delay.
6492	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My office has NO cell service unless I sit next to the door, with the door open. It's not the location of the building, it's the construction. I had an electrician run a wire from the external antenna through the roof to the office, and now I have 3 bars of service anywhere in my 15' X 20' office. It's less than the 4 bars that I get on the roof, but what a change!
Cons:
This is my third case by this design. Each one has lasted well over 2 years. I only have had to buy bigger recently to accomidate the newest phone and case.

excellent article
8393	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	My phone would not comfortably fit in this. While I understand you want it to be snug so it does fall out, it was more of a workout to get it in and out of the case then the actual workout. Then after only about a month of running with it, jamming my phone in it and yanking it out everyday the thing was stretched out and useless. I did not enjoy this arm band

5151	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i have trouble with phone cases but this one is still in new condition and it is small enough to slide in my back pocket while i am at work. it does not collect dirt in the crevasse. with previous phone cases i found that by the time i got it open or hit the right button i would loose the call. not with this one it is simple but keeps your phone protected and you can not beat the price. i am simple person so i do not need fancy one but even if i wanted a fancy one i would go for this one due to how nice it looks.
As phones go, it is good enough. Other reviews complain about durability and battery life. So far mine is not broken, and I agree that the battery life is short. That will put me in the habit of leaving it connected to the computer overnight to recharge (using a USB cable). It's nice to be able to charge it from USB rather than carry an AC charger when traveling. Indoor use is better than my previous phone (Sony Ericsson T610), which did not work well in my home.
- Nice textured sides help the user to grip the phone / case with ease
So I ordered the EQO model, because it's all interior and no roof mounting. I have to say, it's by far the best labeled/packaged product I've ever seen. Every part is in its own bag, labeled with a big Step 1, Step 2, etc on it. Good instructions too. Everything is very clearly spelled out and well marked. So one downside, or something to consider at least: It took A LOT of experimenting, location-wise. I spent a week or so moving it around to different windows, up high, down low, you name it. This thing is VERY touchy. The SLIGHTEST angle change can make a HUGE difference in reception, at least in my experience. So in my case (and much to my surprise) I ended up not using the little window antenna at all. That's the little part that goes between your glass and screen. It seems the boost it might have received wasn't worth the loss of signal from the extra cable, so in other words, connecting a 3rd part counter-acted the benefit. So I set that aside, set the larger antenna just inside the window (interior window sill, table near window, etc) and continued experimenting with my arrangement that way.
3) Phone: It makes phone calls well.  The sound is good, the reception is good, the speakerphone is good.  Its alarm and clock functions are fine, its internal phonebook is weak but functional, and it can text in an emergency.
1) Doesn't fit very snuggly around the ears. I've tried testing it by shaking my head slowly, and if you don't find that "sweet spot," it will flop around your ears. You will definitely not be able to jog or move any faster than a power walk with this on.

If you pair the N82 w/ T-Mobile in The States, you can enjoy unlimited web usage and downloading. If you go w/ AT&T, you'll pay as you go. Although AT&T offers 3G in The States, the N82 doesn't carry US 3G frequency so save money and spend all the time on the web w/ T-Mobile.
1256	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works and works well. I do wish Motorola would standardize on the charging interface.
- Both parties on the call are able to hear clearly without any problems
I don't see where all the bad reviews for this phone come from. I've had mine for a month and haven't had a single problem. It's not slow, it never froze, never reboot, etc. I guess maybe update to the current firmware and you won't have those problems. Battery life is ok; maybe 2 days of making calls, using bluetooth, messaging, and a few pictures. The camera takes excellent pictures and video. If you are thinking about buying this phone and have second thoughts based on bad reviews, just go buy it and use your PC to update it to the current firmware. You won't be disappointed.

6137	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as Christmas gifts for my co-workers and myself.  It's a perfect gift since everyone uses cell phones.

5215	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is not only an eye catching case but also very durable and practical. Only criticism: it is easy to get the 'watermark' or dust under the screen protector but that is a small price to pay for the protection. I also do miss access to the mute button but can work around it using settings.
  to force you to pay for data transfers.
4452	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The battery somehow doesn't strike to me as a "brand new" item due to the fact the it doesn't last more than 2 days according to my dad (I bought it for), and he merely use the phone at all.  So, in conclusion, it is better than another one I bought for him a little while ago which died almost as fast as the old original battery came with the phone, but I did expect a little more this time.


138	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
8580	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	just recieved and it works well with my 8120 however this phone isn't used anymore on my house.... but anyways its a great item to a 8120 user
At this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)
Both sides are the same so the scanner can go into either side and the cable into the other.  The scanner is slightly higher than one side of the case.  There's a padded flap in between the halves of the case that pushes into the other half a bit.  That compresses the cable in the other side and makes it so nothing moves around.
3245	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it! Looks better than expected and fits like a glove!!
presenter too it would make it even more perfect.

5680	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	just recieved and it works well with my 8120 however this phone isn't used anymore on my house.... but anyways its a great item to a 8120 user

1009	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product at a great price
8468	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works good !
1. lack of customizability
Cons: short charging port, and no wall outlet adapter.
Lithium-Ion Battery - NICE!
6384	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THis was exactly what I was looking for. Replacing the old worn out cover I had before. Perfect fit on phone. Price was right and delivery was prompt. Good job
1292	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am still getting used to wearing this earpiece, but other than a little bouncing-movement, awareness that it is there when I'm walking at a brisk pace and learning how to syncronize it's use w/ my new Motorola E815 Bluetooth Phone, I'd give it 5 stars....Great not to have to lift my shoulder anymore.  My Chiropractor Gives it 6 stars, and he doesn't own one! (Yet).  Love not having to program each contact ph. number to anything, as the phone improvement takes care of that.  I learned it's awkward trying to verbally dial a call while standing in line at the checkout counter at Albertson's, but ya gotta learn protocal somewhere, eh?  Yep!  Good piece of Techn here!  Go for it!
5868	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Case is too small for phone with or without case on phone. not safe for cards, items fall out very easily. Poor material quality, not leather, more like thick plastic.

7766	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My husband has gone through at least 3 headsets a year cause of compatibility, or over use.  He didn't have an issue with motorola headsets at all so we finally got him a phone that was compatible with motorola and he is very happy with the product, great clarity, ease of use, comfortable, just don't purchase via amazon...shipping sucks and they don't stick to what they tell you and expect you to just sit back and forget about the product you purchase.
3497	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It fits great and looks good, It was for My Granddaughter's phone, she loves it..
The Treo 650's screen is really amazing. And, I've read the older reviews about the Treo 650 and the frequent resetting issue. I was certainly concerned and ready to send it back if I had problems (Cingular gives you 30 days to try it out). So far only one reset in two weeks with the Palm - honestly, I had to reset the BlackBerry constantly so I'm not sure I'd notice the difference. And, the BB resets are particularly annoying because they would happen at the start of answering incoming calls and then literally take 5-8 minutes to reset and let me use it again. I'm not sure why it took so long - I did have a big address book. The Palm reset only took 30 seconds.

The real enjoyment for me with this headset is the design and materials. first the ear loop is metal with a rubber cover which is great cause you can bend it for a perfect fit. I guess i have weird ears cause most of the headsets ive tried just don't fit. But with the jawbone i can just bend away without taking a hair dryer to it to melt the plastic to bend it. And second most of these in ear headsets require a snug fit in the ear canal. But who among us really finds that comfortable? maybe its just me but it really burns after a while. With the jawbone as long as the ear bud is near the ear canal you can hear it just fine, and it still doesn't wiggle off your ear because of the ability to mold the ear loop to fit. so all in all i have to give it a 5, cause as bluetooth headsets go its about the best your gonna get

Cons:

-I thought I'd have a problem with the smaller keypad area but I can actually text quicker on this because the keys are closer together and more responsive.

Sound Quality - this is actually the area where the headset does the best in my opinion.  With the speaker resting inside my ear, I didn't have to have the volume turned all the way up in order to hear the people I called.  My wife reported that she could hear me clearly with one exception.  When I had the AC fan speed in my car set to 3 (out of 4), she said that it sounded like I was in a wind tunnel.  Kicking the AC down to 2 fixed the problem, but once we hit the Texas summer that could be a problem.
- Aesthetic design w/ nice finish
  1.  Button is too easy to press.  Occasionally I look in the pouch and the Laser pointer is on by accident.

8298	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This base looks great, is very solid, and works exactly as expected. The recharger that comes with BlackBerry plugs into the back of this cradle and charges through two connectors on the back of the BlackBerry, so this will not work with most "skin" type cases.
6140	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The unit is very nice looking out of the box, but the case seems to get scuffed / scratched very easily after some time in my backpack. I really like the small, compact, size of this device.  Even with the small size, this pack still charges my iPhone 5 well over two times - that's the main purpose, so you can't complain.  It's the most portable New Trent device that I own.  The on/off power button seems to stick a bit when you try to power the device on.  It will usually turn on the second attempt.  Would it be possible to improve this switch to allow it to slide back and forth?  I would rate this device a 4.5 out of 5, and the only complain being the power button.  This provides an excellent amount of power for $40.
3048	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This idea is great for guest's powder room, or any bathroom. As mentioned in other reviews, there is a chemical odor. However, the chemical odor in the one I received is not as strong as some mentioned and I could only smell it when I removed the top to sniff. I am going to throw in a few cedar chips before I install and put in the paper towels. I really like the design, but the top is thin, like 1/8" luan board or something, so I wouldn't put anything heavy atop. So why the 4 stars and not 5? The idea and the design garnered 4 stars. The lack of 5 stars is the high price. I know, so why did I purchase it at the high price? I didn't, I used my Amazon reward points, which brought the price down on my whole order.
6297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was pleasantly surprised at how small this external backup battery is. Also the cord to charge the IMP500 has a double use then to charge my iPod Touch. As this battery has a standard USB port it can charge anything that uses a USB charge. I tried it on my Motorola RAZR and it worked fine. This is going to be very useful on our next overseas flight, and it will work on 240V 50HZ in France. It is a good design, well built, and I expect it to last a very long time.
5733	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I saw how inexpensive this USB cord was ($2.30 with no tax and free shipping for me as a Prime user) and decided it was definitely worth a shot, since if my Samsung Renown SCH-u810 phone came with a USB cord I have no idea what I did with it.  This cord arrived promptly (the seller I bought it from was Cell Lounge, Inc.).




You should try the ProClip mounts. They are the best. They are made specific to match your device and car. You buy the device holder and then the car mount that is made specifically for your vehicle. They are wonderful. I bought a set for my iPhone 3G. I Love my ProClipUSA mount.


8607	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	was unable to  have the  parts stick correctly  on the phone backing. I got worried it would  fall off and lose or damage my phone


7. camera has great & funny options such as cartoon bubbles and image overlays which all my friends think are hilarious thereby enhancing the blackmail potential or storytelling function of my phone's camera - good times! This little feature is silly, but makes me smile so much; if all features of the phone made me smile like this, I would have kept this phone.
Reliability: 5 stars
513	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	At first Glance, the phone seems to have almost everything that you wanted. After a while you might realize that you got more than what you bargained for! For instance you might notice that it is really cumbersome to use the round shaped keypad. Than you may notice that the 3650 likes to turn it self off sometimes even when the key lock is active!
7002	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was little skeptical about purchasing this product because of the low price but I've been very satisfied with the product.

V_O_R
Try the search string:
6100	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We bought this external battery charger before going on an extended trip out of the country, after reading other reviews and comparing with other units.  We're glad we settled on the Trent IMP52D!  It works very well, and does not add a lot of weight to our carry-on luggage.  It looks very sleek, too.
6579	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has boosted our signal from 1 bar to 4and 5 bars. I would defiantly recommend this product.
1390	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They just sent this to me. Worked as expected. Don't know what else to say to get this review above 20 words. Didn't use internet on that phone, so 2G to 3G didn't make a difference to me. AT&Ts coverage was so good.
2886	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was VERY happy when I saw that an adapter like this existed as when I upgraded my cell phone last year the 2.5mm earsets I had were useless in the new phones 3.5mm jack. I ordered a 2.5mm to 3.5mm adapter but it would not work on my phone and the company even sent another but it must be something about the phone itself (HTC Incredible) but proper sets work fine. I found this and decided to give it a try as I liked the idea of using the earset over only one ear and able to make use of the quality and comfort I had in the phone earset.
9611	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	What more do i need to say, it works!  I used to get one or sometime no bar at my house, but now i get two bars around the device.  Just wish the booster can reach longer distance.

5643	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No problem with product.  Working well and is very well made.
As far as looks and comfort, having these earbuds around my neck doesn't bother me at all. They might look a little "different" to someone who doesn't know what they are, but they save my sanity at work so I don't care. As an aside for any ladies considering these, they don't mess up your hair!!!!  And they are lightweight to the point of me forgetting I even have them on a lot of the time. As other people have observed, they are designed well enough that they don't twist around that much on my neck. Occasionally they get a little cockeyed, but not that much, because if they get too far out of alignment the earbuds themselves will not fit correctly, so it's kind of a self-correcting situation. The other thing is, I am horribly earbud-challenged. Earbuds do NOT stay in my ears, with the exception of the standard Apple earbuds. These earbuds have a unique design that somehow manages to fit in both of my ears, and they stay put, for the most part. I do, however, have to fool with them some to get that "perfect seal". But it's getting easier as time goes by. I have had occasion to take a phone call using these (I normally don't get outside phone calls during my work day), and they functioned perfectly for that as well. I was afraid maybe the caller might not be able to hear me, but he indicated it was not a problem at all and could hear me just fine. The controls are pretty easy to use once you get to know which button does what. Sound quality is, for me, excellent. I am not an audiophile, so I can't address the finer points of the quality of the sound, but it works perfectly for me.
9349	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I believe this product will be good for me, if I ever receive it.
Be aware that iTorch itself doesn't come with a wall plug but if you shop around on the net you can get one thrown in the deal for practically nothing.
342	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So I am thoroughly enjoying the battery life from this battery, definitely lasts way longer for me than the original.  I had been using the ZeroLemon 8500 battery (after moving up from the 7500, but whatever) and the only issue that I had with that battery is that it was smothering the antenna on the phone quite badly.  I live where I do not have great service, it isn't that terrible but it's closer to an average 2 to maybe 3 bars typically and with that battery it would fight between 1 and 2 bars, and if it got covered by almost anything be it in my pocket or under a blanket, it (c/w)ould lose service altogether.  This battery doesn't seem to be giving me the same issues, so I am very happy with its performance so far.  One thing that needs to be said, and the only reason I didn't give it all 5 stars is because of the case.  I wouldn't trust it on my phone as far as I could throw it.  Which I am not going to try.  Because it would probably break.  I ended up rigging my phone into the ZeroLemon case with this battery and it works out pretty great.  No more signal issues!
9536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Our cell coverage with Consumer Cellular uses the Doro 618 "flip-phone" - primative but serves our needs well.  We live about 3 miles as the crow flies from the nearest tower (an AT & T) and our cell service has been spotty with few bars and too many dropped calls.  After exploring options (satellite and mifi) we decided to take advantage of the 30-day trial period and get this Wilson unit to see if it would boost our existing service.  It did!  I mounted the antenna on a pvc pole on the roof and ran the coax cable just under the roof line, down the corner of the house, and into the kitchen at floor level through a hole I drilled in the wall.  I did have to use both the 20' AND the 30' lengths of cable that were supplied with the unit (using the connector that was also supplied) and had just enough cable to get inside the kitchen.  When I plugged everything in the inside booster unit showed two green lights immediately and the cell phone showed a solid 4/4 bars.  I did not have to adjust the "gain" buttons at all on the booster (I'm not sure how or when I'd need to do that anyway), and as long as I have two green lights and 4 bars I won't monkey with them.  We use two identical cell phones and have 4 bars now throughout our 1200 sq ft home (the kitchen is right in the middle of the home), so even though it's touted as a "small home/room" booster it works very well throughout our entire house.

  - easily stored
The main appeal here is if you want blackberry email capabilities but also have a regular looking phone. One other thing is that blackberry has the best international coverage (on GSM carriers), better than any other email system, so anywhere you go in the world, you've got your email and phone working with no problem.
7854	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great product. Does what it is intended for.
I opted not to get a Bluetooth hands-free device -- at first.  Originally I would see people walking around with these Lt. Uhura type thingy's sticking out of their ears and I couldn't help but wonder how lazy people are that they cannot raise their hand up to their head while walking around simply to talk on the phone.  For the most part I STILL feel this way, but I decided to buy a Bluetooth hands-free headset for while I am driving.  I cannot afford to miss calls, and being in radio, when not at work or home I can be found in my car monitoring the radio virtually 100% of the time and unfortunately this means I sometimes cannot hear the ringer.  The tethered device that came with the phone is certainly loud enough, but simply did not fit my ear (it kept falling out).  I bought a replacement that came with a variable size adapter and yet while it FIT better, the sound was almost impossible to hear (the worst I have ever experienced, actually).  So I took the plunge knowing full-well that the Palm Treo has a somewhat problematic history using these devices...so I made sure that I had an iron-clad return policy in place and jumped in.  It took me no more than a minute to configure my head-set and I went ahead and made a test call which had more than enough volume -- in fact it had plenty to spare.  All in all I am VERY satisfied with the performance. (I bought a Keycera Bluetooth, if that means anything)
Unpacking:

0	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Looks even better in person. Be careful to not drop your phone so often because the rhinestones will fall off (duh). More of a decorative case than it is protective, but I will say that it fits perfectly and securely on my phone. Overall, very pleased with this purchase.
CARRIER

7956	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The product description is inaccurate.  I selected it because the original iPhone has a recessed headphone jack, unlike later models.  This causes a problem for third-party headphone plugs, which are too wide for the narrow recessed area which leads to the jack.


Edit: As of around mid-October, T-mobile will finally release a smartphone with (stereo!) bluetooth and Wi-Fi.  It's called Dash and it looks a lot like a Blackberry, but runs Windows Mobile.  Besides the badly needed Wi-Fi, the phone also has a 1.3 camera and video, takes a memory card, is MyFaves capable, and allows for short voice recordings.  And here's a clincher - it also shares the Blackberry push email capability.  Drawbacks - fickle keys that sometimes don't work (especially the volume controls).
4812	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The clip can snap off is pressured and is the reason that I have re-purchased the Contour case, for the clip.

It is easy to use and powerful enough. Personally, this is sleekest design for pocket-friendly portability charger that I have ever seen in the market.
5520	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I tried to adjust it to fit my ipod touch and the neck just fell apart and the tabs holding I-touch onto platform just peeled off with no brute force or fast movement. Barely lasted about 2 weeks-- that it... only adjusted it 3 or 4x and broke apart easily. would like to get refund but..... DO NOT buy from this vendor.. terrible quality product!

5318	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased a white cozip from this company that came wi a front and back cover.  So I thought , heck I'll get a silver and red one too.  The red one was exactly like the white, front and back cover.  The silver one came wi only a bk cover.  This company orig had pics posted that only showed the bk of the cover. First they sent me the wrong silver case then sent the half silver case.  FALSE ADVERTISING!!!!!  They've since put up pic of the front to show u that the case only protects the bk of the iphone.  Great if u only drop yr phone on its back!!!!
Volumn control is good, loud enough. single ear BT is out of control some times, you may hear nothing when you walking on the busy street or windy days. This one give you all availability.
4161	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this unit 1 year ago and have plenty of experience with it. Initially when I opened the box it was very impressive. 4 ear loops 4 snap on ear pieces looked like it was made out of metal. Claimed outstanding noise reduction and great battery life + a fancy looking charger. Once I began using it I found that after 2 days the ear loop spring gets loose and the ear piece starts swinging wildly on your ear. In another week the snap-on ear piece fell off and got lost, ok so I have 3 more, now I know why, but they are all different size. After a year the ear loop broke, ok I have 3 more, but they are all different size and different ear. The charger pulled the back off the unit after about 6 month and I was just being real careful with it since then making sure the guts don't fall out. But wait, at least I have great noise reduction technology, which basically sounds like a metallic squeaky voice - ditto that. Only good news is that it sounds pretty good as a basic headset thought a little quiet.. Final opinion a big waste of $120 + tax.
7662	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ok pros and cons here.

3394	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nothing more to add that hasn't been said.  Cables work well.  Convenient length, good build quality.  Needed to move from S-Video connector to component because very few of the new TVs or AV receivers handle S-video inputs.

2341	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This just wat I was looking for. I brought it for a friend in Jamaica. I will by another one soon. and I know where to get the one I want.

Highly recommend this phone.
So here are the main advantages:
Cons:

But products don't need the "Wow" factor to impress me. It's task:
I don't have the data plan. If you're going to pay the exhorbitant monthly fee for data, you should get a smart phone that makes better use of it.
3355	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Since the Wii wasn't being used much anymore in the living room, I thought I'd try to take it to the bedroom so I can watch hulu and stuff like that.  This cable made it possible.  The picture is better too.
- Massive 5000mah capacity
[...]
1419	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i really liked this fit well on and in my ear. didn't last a real long time. wish i had another

7286	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	is not too pleased with the product
The holes line up well and it fits perfectly. The stand is actually better than my Case-mate stand and will be very handy when I get a bluetooth keyboard. I think the  quality is awesome for the price. It is well worth every cent.
1705	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this was for my oldest son and he is still using it. it is an international phone and he loves it
My rating of only 4 star
9638	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really good quality for the price.

FAIL

8506	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Background: Over the past two months, I have spent a great deal of time debating between whether to get the Sony Ericsson W580i or the LG Shine CU720. After making numerous threads at various forums regarding this question, reading countless reviews, watching many videos, looking at hundreds of pictures, and mapping out the pros and cons of each one multiple times, I have settled on the Sony Ericsson W580i. Since my family just got a family plan with ATT (3 lines/550 minutes shared) and one of my sisters got the Shine, I was able to do a comparison between the phones.
Cons:
4115	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I got this on the recommendation of a friend. After speaking with him while he was using this headset, which was crystal clear, I asked my buddy what kind of headset he was using. He told me this one. So I picked this up on Amazon.

5395	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THIS IS DURABLE VERY COMFORTABLE TO WEAR ON MY BELT OR PANTS AND PROTECTS MY PHONE WHICH I HAVE DROPPED SEVERAL TIMES WHILE IN THIS CASE WHICH KEPT IT SAFE, THANKS GOODNESS. THE LOW PRICE IS AMAZING WOW BUY ONE TODAY YOU WON'T BE SORRY THANKS AMAZON ..................
Now, probably one of the most useful features of this device is the size. It's relatively small and if it fits in my little hand perfectly, then it's going to fit in big manly hands or small bags.
8249	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The headset is a good purchase especially for the price!!!  It has great sound, I even had to turn my sound down.  Everyone seems to hear my voice good too.  It has a nice little button to disconnect the call.  It is a great alternative to a bluetooth.  And you don't have to worry about it going dead after no charge.  But bluetooth is still better cause there is no wires.
Reception on my end was pretty good.  It was loud and clear.  I also asked a few of my recievers how they heard me and they all said I sounded loud and clear.  I also tested the unit with the phone about 20 ft away and it worked just fine without any distortion.
- Phil
Well written hardware code
- Saran Wrap. yes the sandwich stuff...

6035	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I waited eagerly and anxiously to receive my new iTorch IMP52D and once received, it was well worth the wait. It came already half-charged and I charged it fully overnight. The following morning, I used it to re-charge my iPhone5 whose battery was only 50% charged and within one and a half hours it was fully charged after connecting to the iTorch IMP52D. The process was simple and extremely easy to execute and after the half-charge, the remaining power in the iTorch was still showing as high (three lit LED indicator lights).
The only thing I miss is what I had on my Panasonic cordless before this:  name announce ID.  I guess you can't have everything.  So I left my annoying Panasonic hooked up so I can hear who's calling.
The GGS screen protectors were easy to apply. I sat near a window with bright daylight streaming through, so that I could see clearly that there were no dust, oils, or fingerprints on the LCD. You peel the protective plastic from the front of the screen protector, then peel the adhesive backing off, line it up, and stick it on. Press around the edges with a lens cloth to ensure that the protector has adhered well. There was one snag: When I removed the adhesive backing from the large protector, some dust appeared on the underside. I think this was due to static electricity. So I had to wipe that off with a lens cloth and make sure the underside was perfectly clean before I stuck it on the camera. It was fine, but make sure there is nothing on either side of the protector before you apply it.
Basically, you DONT need to reset/remove the battery of your phone, that leads to data loss...
Also, I think somebody mentioned that you can't charge it while using it-- I didn't have a problem with that. Plugged it in while talking, and it charged up no problem. Instructions say it takes 2 hours to charge, but I got it charged from dead to full in about 45 minutes. I'm not entirely sure how long the charge lasts-- but I can say that after some amount of listening to music (maybe an hour or so?) I talked on the phone for about 3-4 hours straight, and it was still going.


Finding drivers to attach this thing to your PC can be challenging.  I run win2k and haven't been able to access the phone from my home PC.  Fortunately, I run XP on my laptop and was able to use their proprietary software & drivers to access the phone.
6510	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Do not like this product, it does not show very well if it is functioning to carry signal and gives the feeling of being made of inexpensive plastic.  It is easy to install and set-up, I just wish there was a way to tell for sure it was receiving and brodcasting its signal better.
76	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	phone case does not work. the clips may be broken, it does not work. the case is a little scratch and missing paint. it fits my phone but does not stay clipped!
3873	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Impressive shower head at an impressive price. Let's break it down...
I gave my used H680 away to a friend of mine because she was driving me crazy always speaking to me over her speaker phone while driving.  She used the speaker phone out of necessity because in California you can not put the phone to your ear while driving, and her bluetooth's battery had died.  My friend is not mechanically adept and I would've kept the H680 otherwise.  It is smaller and more convenient to use than this Plantronics, but I feel the sound quality with this unit is better.  This unit takes some adjustment so I hope the following comments will be of benefit to those of you who purchase this unit:
I bought the Jabra BT250V to go with my PocketPC-powered Sprint PCS PPC-6700. Jabra.com indicated that this device would work with all Bluetooth-enabled devices, and after I set it up, it did... for a while. When my Jabra and my phone stopped "seeing" each other, I resorted to "rebooting" the Jabra.
2)You may lose some functionalities. For example, I have noticed my web browser functionalities do not work with my cingular SIM card. This is no biggie for me since I never browse the web using my phone
I couldn't get any of the included eargels to fit with this device, but with my weird-shaped head, that's no surprise. the Ety plugs are a lifesaver, and you can buy them in bulk from Etymotic so you can have a supply of clean ones. You are, after all, sticking it in your ear.
5376	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this is a great box for the blackberry curve i work in a powerplant enviorment and needed something to help with dirt and an occasional short drop the otter box lives up to its Defender name. The only draw back is it does add a little bulk to the phone but thats a good trade off for the protection you recieve.
6778	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's a battery. It makes things go.
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.
4116	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good device, Easy to use and set up, fit is comfortable, sound quality is very good, and stand by /talk time are great, I have had a few other bluetooth ear pieces that fit better but sound was poor, longer stand by and talk time, but I figuerd if I was on the phone that long I need to re think my life, when I first purchsed it because of it's size I thought I would loose it, year and a half later my dog chewed it, Great device for the money.
* Other cell phone numbers
I recently upgraded my phone to LG CF360 (2 days of battery life, phone must be on all the time for alarm), buy after a couple of days I came back to old Nokia 6085.
5398	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This base looks great, is very solid, and works exactly as expected. The recharger that comes with BlackBerry plugs into the back of this cradle and charges through two connectors on the back of the BlackBerry, so this will not work with most "skin" type cases.
Cons - (Very Minor Ones):






Why then, you ask, did you rate it only four out of five stars?  I'm glad you asked!
8565	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Already had the iGo charger but needed a different tip when I got a new phone.  This worked great with the Motorola Droid.
Overall this is a very well built charger and gives peace of mind when
Belt loops built in.
Still, very satisfied with the phone. No noise and good battery life.

A definite "don't buy"
9485	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Sprint PCS has terrible network coverage with frequent dropped calls.  I have been a loyal customer of Sprint for 10+ years, mostly because of a nice grand-fathered plan.  However, many moments of frustration plaque me.  Accordingly, I jumped at the opportunity to review this product (Free Vine Review).  Installation is straightforward, but requires external mounting & some wire routing.  All would have been acceptable if it worked.  Unfortunately, I still experience the same drop rate and poor coverage as without the booster.  It could be due to Sprint network or the fact that my car is a low 370z.  Accordingly, this product receives a 1/5 star.
8088	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It took longer to take out of the package than to set it up with my phone.  Very easy, very intuitive - I barely looked at the instuctions.  Works great with my Sprint Touch phone, can skip back/ahead tracks, pause and take a call.  Love that I can use my own earbuds - I like to switch them out if I'm exercising so as not to mess up my good pair.

9957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	perfect  works great
Watch out what style plug you have, some crossover between years and models it seems.  These are the right ones for S10/S15 trucks but can't say the same for all 1991 GM products.
Pros:

Excellent product!


  4 bars (-73dBm)
8936	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this product, but was somewhat hesitant because of the "i" in the front of the name.  It seems most items with "i" in front of the name are catered toward iPhones, iPods, and i-everything else.  I figured being an external battery pack, I'd give it a shot...as it said in the description that it worked with my Samsung Galaxy Note 2.  I received it and tried it out, and it did charge my cell phone without any issues.  In fact, it has a small amount of battery charge left in the external battery pack and my phone was at about 60%.  I didn't think it would last long, but I plugged my phone into the device anyway.  Before I knew it, my phone was up to 95% battery charge.  I was quite surprised.  I'm an IT guy and not the first to jump to the instructions when I get a new "toy"..  So when I was playing with the button...pressing it, holding it down, etc., I discovered how to turn on the laser pointer...and my cat started chasing it.  I hadn't even realized that it not only is an external battery pack and LED light, but also a laser pointer...great for pets too!  Overall, I'm pretty happy with this purchase.
-The goofy charging interface is the only down side.  Message to

The blue lights that show status and charge capacity are a very nice plus.
That matter addressed, the issue some will have with this phone is that the interface requires a few more key-presses to get to common functions than the more current phones.  Eg: sending a text requires either 5 steps or 7 steps, while other phones require either 3 steps or 5 steps, depending on how you go about things.  For those of us with more recent phones who get this one, these kinds of things will seem a wee annoying until you get used to it.  That said, this phone works and that is what is key to happiness with any product: it's gotta work.
Still, very satisfied with the phone. No noise and good battery life.
First of all, the 5 stars is based on this being less than $2. I wouldn't say this is the best adapter you can buy. This is however the best one I tested. The cord is stiffer and feels more solid than the others.  The female plug has a tighter fit and no play. The plastic around the male end is slimmer than all the rest. This cord doesn't meet my immediate needs because of the longer plastic head, but I would buy this again for use with certain iPhone cases that block larger plugs.
5971	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice,easy to use finely made and very helpful
661	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this item for my car it has alot of storage it is sticky it even holds my portable cd player yup i still have one
I fired the iPod up and it works like new! I can't believe the company makes ANY money selling these kits at his price. You have nothing to lose.
4168	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The headset works great.  Delvery was faster than I expected.
9610	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product fulfills one need and does it really well.  It takes virtually all cell signals, for every carrier and using an external antenna (that can be mounted on a window even), amplifies it, and rebroadcasts it in one room.
Cons: Once fully depleted, it takes 4+ hours to recharge.
I recently purchased the new model of the Voyager 510, the Voyager 520, and love it!
CONS:
This has enabled me to get rid of cable internet and landline phones.  Love it.
This is not a perfect phone, but it desrves five stars for price over functionality, capability, and performance.
3408	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfied with this item. I plugged it into a receiver that up-converts to 1080i/p and there is a very noticeable difference between the component cable and the standard cables. picture quality for games, netflix, etc is significantly better than before. i highly recommend getting this item, especially at such a low price
2562	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned many phones over the years and a lot of expensive cases. This by far is the best case I have come across. It does not add any bulk to the phone and the pure comfort of holding it in the hand is speechless. The embossed sides , the nice rubbery feel gives good comfort and it's not a dust magnet. I only ordered this case because the the one that I had did not protect the corners of the phone when dropped. I will definitely keep this brand in mind in the future. It's that good and I definitely recommend this for anyone who wants good protection, comfort and style. Thank you BoxWave...
  -Operates as a flashlight
So I started to hunt down external batteries - especially for those long flights when I was in the middle of an audio book or new series of TV shows and blimmpppp there goes the battery.  The first one I tried cost me $80 and never got to a full charge on the  Iphone, only giving me an additional 3 hours of battery- big whoop - I still couldn't make it overseas.  I tried another that promised 20 hours but it actually drained the Iphone!!!  So imagine my surprise to find this Tecyer that cost half the price and charges like a champ!  It is a fast charge too.  I can't say how long it lasts but I have gone past 25 hours using video and audio and it hasn't run out.  It got me back and forth across the country, over to Germany and France and now I plan to take it to South America.  I highly recommend this unit.  It is slightly smaller than the Iphone and lighter, and because it doesn't connect directly onto the Iphone but through a cord I can keep the phone in its case.
4775	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The E51 is sleek, built for style and productivity...a rare combination that means popularity with true merit. So I'm quite puzzled that this phone isn't being pushed as much as the N95.
Because of my experience with other headsets and the love-hate relationship that usually ensues, this is a winner.
With the ability to wear it on my belt in the horizontal I am able to get to my phone as there is just enough sticking out. I don't like the metal clip as it is not as stiff as it could be. This however was not how I use it. With a little care, and a Dremil, the clip was easy to remove.

I purchased through Danger's website total cost $0 after $200 instant discount and $100 in rebates. Worth a year's contract with TMO in my book.  Paying $49/mo for 3000 regional anytime minuets and $20/mo for all you can eat data (email, text messaging, etc, etc EVERYTHING DATA included).

8239	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What a deal! I think I paid about 2.50 for this charger and it was perfect! charged the phone up really quickly and have had no problems whatsoever
* Hard to stay in ears
Does Not Fall Off
The volume is an issue as other reviewers have mentioned, but it depends on your car and your hearing, too. I have a newish BMW--I have no problem hearing people and everyone reports being able to hear me very well (even on the freeway). I do, however, have the device set to the loudest possible volume. I am only 30 and a mommy so my hearing is really good! My husband has an "oldish" BMW and my guess is that on the freeway, he would not be able to hear a thing with this device. It seems that it should be engineered so the loudest volume is louder than most people need.
7241	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Too small and certainly not worth 50$. Disappointed . I was really excited about getting it until I did. Then I realized it truly was too good to be true
The noise canceling is not on par with the logitec, but I added a wind sock and it resolved most of the challenges.
FedEx to my dad for another $65.  1st.  Problem, the battery is Dead after about an hour.
1317	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This wired Motorola RAZR headset is better than a Bluetooth one for these reasons:
* Comes with an AC charger and a handy AAA adapter to allow recharging on the go - This is a very cool feature since it uses a standard AAA battery

2471	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Sounds very good on other end.
If you're not a clip-loving person, the whole headset has an almost flat profile so it fits nicely in a pocket.  Other headsets, especially those with flip-out mics feel awfully bulbous in a pocket.
oh well
Another huge thing that has been upgraded is comfort.  Due to the odd shape and size of the earbuds on the S9s and S10s, if you wore them for more than an hour or so they became extremely uncomfortable.  These have moved to a more traditional earbud format, not to mention you don't look like the guy from Star Wars with some stupid blinking band wrapped around the back of your head, its a simple band looped around your neck with ample cord length for the buds.
This happened with the first one I was using but the second one is holding up well since I have been avoiding that scenario.
Disappointed and still looking for the perfect holster.
3884	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was a bit worried this would not perform as expected because of the price.  I would still like to have a bit more water pressure but otherwise I really like it.
3490	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this earpiece to go with my Moto Rizr Z3, what a perfect match, slider phone, slider earpiece!  Besides looking great, it works perfectly, no complaints from people I'm talking with, most can't tell I'm on an earpiece.  I also love the fact that when you close the slider it powers off, I only charge it like once every 2-3 weeks!  I use it in my truck, at home & even sometimes at the office.  If you're looking for a headset that looks as good as it works go with the H800.


2062	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Microphone was so quiet as to be inaudible unless you spoke *really* loudly, which I don't like to do on a cell phone. The mike also picked up a lot of background noise. Sent it back.

I don't even have to go OUTSIDE to use it!  Previously I didn't even have indoor usage in my home, unless I stood still in one area without moving and hanging on to that one remaining bar before it too would disappear. With the Dash - Indoor calls!
- The battery gauge is simple and easy to read.
I do not get any audio feedback that the phone is waiting for me
9598	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This product was difficult to set up.  Once I had set it up, I pluggeg it in and the light flashed green once and then went out. Never got a light again of any color.  I had no effect on my cell signal.  I sent it back and got a refund.

3737	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this charger in 2013. It is still working great and charges everything I need!
Button Size:  Could be small for those with big fingers
7)  If battery dies while in the middle of a call, the call does not drop but you just have to grab your handset real quick.  Not practical if it happens while driving.
 EL keypad illumination panel
As long as you sty away from all the Non warranty products U R SAFE.
Cons: The lug on the back of the GPS is a pain when not in the mount.
it is a little bit heavier at beginning, for man it is perfect, my daughters can not wear it without holding it.

3214	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this product to try a give a little boost to my aircard. I travel on a mobile health testing unit and use my laptop in the back a lot. I placed this in the door window and it seems to have given me a 1 bar boost so it seems to work fine for me. I would love to get 5 bars where ever I go but I'm being realistic, this is a passive device after all, if you want more power go and buy an booster amplifier.
I'd buy it again and would recommend it to friends that are trying to avoid putting in a home phone or to those who want to get rid of their home phone but aren't sure they'll be content with their service.

9913	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The price for both these cables is great. Just the USB cable itself is 20 dollars at the Sprint store. It fits the LG Rumor great. The cables work fine and look good
4) Quick start-up - it takes about 3 seconds for it to start up/sync with your phone.
4.  Battery life seems to be OK.  I have not had to recharge it during the day, and my use during the day is intermittant.  I frequently wear it all day long and use it for all of my mobile phone conversations.
3447	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Contrary to photo, the design you're going to receive is smooth leather, I like & wanted the nubby.
8762	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Oh what a POS.  I bought this phone thinking that I would get something simple, reliable, and no hassle.  I got none of that.  Went 0 for 3.
So far the only negative is the fit which has been mentioned before.  I prefer the in ear variation on the set versus over the ear.  (The Jawbone can be used without the ear hook)  The fit is not exactly tight but it does seem to work without falling out.  I think it will just take some getting used to and playing with the other interchangeable ear adapters.
203	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It fits perfectly. Seems substantial. Doesn't seem to increase the slimness of the evo 4g lte overly much.  would buy it again if I needed another one.
5367	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered an Otterbox for an  8300 series Blackberry cellphone. I was extremely pleased to see that my product arrived in perfect shape. I ordered some other items from other vendors on Amazon.com. I received this product first actually two days ago. I am still waiting to receive anything from the other vendors. This does not mean their service were exceptionally slow. The service @ MyGearStore.com is just exceptionally fast. The lowest price I was able to find plus the fastest service. I am a customer of MyGearStore.com who will DEFINITELY be looking to do more business with them in the future. Thank you for your valued service.


5094	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this came quickly, it works and it always saves me money from having to buy these kinds of products at the mall or on the street corner for $6-10. You can't go wrong with this product.


1071	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Sidekick 2 has a better form factor than the competitors such as Treo 600/610 and Blackberry offerings. It has a better more comfortable keyboard. It's more like a mini computer than a phone, which I like. It can fully multitask, unlike Palm. You can download a webpage, check email and chat on AIM all at the same time, unlike  on the Palm, which will interrupt the process if you leave the application. Further, the Sidekick II has both AIM and Yahoo! Messenger.

The keypad works great, though I do wish they had a colon as a button.  it has a semi-colon but to put in a colon I have to bring up the on-screen keyboard and select it there.  Looking at the screen, they could have done it, and I'm a bit baffled why they chose not to.
How many times a day do you pick up and use your iPhone or iPad or any electronic device?  Take a guess, 30, 40, 50 or more times?  EVERYONE depends on their devices and we are have all been there before when we go to our little trusty device and it is dead!
1. Amazingly light and compact
9119	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of those devices that you don't know you need until you have it.  Between using our phones for personal and business, and also having our kids play games, we find that we can't make it through the day without charging our phone.  And since we're always on the go, the iTorch has been the perfect accessory for keeping our devices charged and ready to go.

Since I have neither an Android smart phone or a Galaxy Tab for charging with the included cables, I'll confine my review to charging the new iPad and an iPod Touch. First I ran my iPad battery down to where it started warning me I was about out of power and indicated I had only 10% of my battery charge left. I connected it to my IMP52D with my Apple charging/data cable and turned on my battery charging circuit with a 2 second hold of the control button. The iPad charged from the battery pack for about 2 hours at which point the battery was exhausted and the unit turned itself off. Looking at the iPad, it took on a charge of about 40%. The iPad has a huge battery compared to most other devices so I felt this was about all that could be expected from this backup battery and charger. There is a larger battery in the New Trent IMP120D that will charge the same iPad to 80% of full charge but this model only gets you to 40%. When charging an iPad 2, the larger model will has a charge capability of 120% of full charge. The charger I'm testing will give you 50% of full charge on an iPad 2.
only major con for me is that it's only a 2g phone and AT&T is putting more money, effort and time into their 3g calling network. so coverage is going to shrink and get less reliable over time with these older phones!
Id suggest ordering from MEDIA-MART, here's their store front: http://www.amazon.com/gp/aag/main?ie=UTF8&seller=A28LEC9BBHMQ7G
 - plays music via BT.
The only thing one must watch out for is the bubbling if the screen is put on carelessly.  This is really annoying.  An excellent product that only misses 5 stars due to the price for something so simple and inexpensive to make and distribute.
In my quest for something to protect my iPhone from water and sand I've tried a few different products.  The two most robust are this Pelican case and the Armband case from H20 Audio.  The H20 armband is also currently available from Amazon and might be something to consider depending on how you intend to use them.
Second, they claim that this will reduce dropped calls... HALF A LIE

  -911 auto feature
6004	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The primary reason I purchased the New Trent iTorch was for use with my iPhone 5.  Although I have several other devices,  I have not attempted to recharge them with this external battery.  With the iPhone, I've only used it a few times, but based off of my experiences thus far I can say I really like this product!
3301	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'll be honest, I've only owned this thing for about 1 day and made two phone calls with it. However, right off the get go I love it. The speaker sounds great and the mic really picks up my voice well according to my wife. I have it mounted on the driver side visor.
PRO :  comes with all antennas and proper terminations
8900	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Charged my phone to 100% and is convenient when you don't have your charger with you or an outlet nearby.
1774	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great headset for the money....  earpiece is a bit awkward to position on the ear, but good speaker and microphone audio.
4715	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Excellent service, product shipped pretty quickly and was packaged well so everything arrived intact. My only disappointment is that since I'm not an experienced relaxer buyer, (this was only my second purchase) I didn't realize the set was not complete. The package came with only Steps 2 and 4 of the process. The other steps should either be included in the package or buyers should be advised that they still need to get Step 1 (scalp protector) and Step 3 (post relaxing conditioner). It really is an inconvenience not being able to use right away. Other that everything was excellent.


1174	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My my new&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-G11-Gaming-Keyboard-Black-Silver/dp/B000GP844S/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech G11 Gaming Keyboard (Black/Silver)</a>&nbsp;did not work when I plugged it onto my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/D-Link-DUB-H4-High-Speed-USB-2-0-4-Port-Hub/dp/B00006B7DA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">D-Link DUB-H4 High Speed USB 2.0 4-Port Hub</a>.  After researching a bit, I bought the CyberPower one and now the keyboard works fine.  In fact, lots of other usb things now work without being plugged directly into the computer.  I'm quite happy with it.
5465	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great little rings--they're strong and do the job. I've bought them twice to attach to my small Sandisk Micro USBs. Amazingly, even the 64 GB is so tiny that it barely protrudes from my notebook's USB port, so I leave 3 of them in my computer at all times--almost 200 GB more of data that I can easily transfer to other devices. But they're so tiny that I've lost a couple after removing them--hence these little straps.

The volume controls on the side of the phone are not easy to use...it's quite confusing that the 'cursor key' acts as a volume control for the media player, but the voice call volume control is on the side of the phone.
5790	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this case, and it worked great. It snapped right on and I was pleased. However, when I opened the package there was a tiny crack in the case. I was okay with it because I only paid a penny for it, and it still worked. I mentioned in the feedback that the case arrived with a tiny crack but still worked perfectly, and the seller decided to send me a new one. I wasn't expecting a new one, but I am not going to turn it down, because now I have a backup in case the original breaks.
I mainly ordered this after reading the reviews for my iPhone, to do both - answer calls and listen to an "acceptable" level of bluetooth music.



Instead of spoofing a desired email address, messages coming from Verizon phones should have a distinct "From" and "Reply-to" addresses, with the first being any external Verizon wireless address, and the latter being the customer's desired and commonly used email address. The two must differ and only then the messages will not end up as spam because the sender won't be spoofed.

4153	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have found the Aliph Jawbone noise shield headset to be a pretty good unit.  It fits me pretty well, doesn't fall out, has good audio for hearing, and I have consistently gotten good audio reports from the people I talk to.
6) Size.  I thought my LG was decently small, but this is actually much thinner and almost the same length if you factor in the antenna which always protrudes from any Verizon phone.  Fits perfectly in a front pocket, you don't feel like you have a big bulge protruding from your front pocket.
2499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had one but ordered this one for my husband to give him freedom while driving and doing chores around the house.  He loves his as much as I love mine and now, I don't have to share.
2241	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just works.
I lost the first one, the Rottweiler ate the second one, and with the third one, the terrier chewed off the rubber piece that fits in the ear.
5128	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Fed up with "traditional" plans - I decided to go the prepaid route and purchased this phone for myself and my kids.

9659	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No problems.  They arrived on time and performed as expected.

For example, last Friday we traveled from Massachusetts to Maryland.  Coming down the Jersey Turnpike the unit showed a small (1 or 3 min delay) and kept us on the pike.  Just before we reached exit 7, we decided we'd had enough, pressed Detour, and ended up doing something involving route 295.  When we reached our destination, we learned from those who arrived hours later that the pike had turned into a virtual parking lot and we'd have lost hours if we'd believed the Garmin regarding traffic.

3875	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Best showerhead EVER.

Eventually, a couple of reboots of the phone did it, and now the two devices "happily" get along with each other. Who knows for how much longer, though?
3956	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I'M ON MY SECOND ONE FROM AMAZON AND THIS ONE ISN'T ANY BETTER THAN FIRST. I'VE HAD IT ABOUTY 4 MONTHS NOW AND IT WON'T HOLD A CHARGE.  WAS USING IT THIS MORNING AND IT DIED.  IT HAS BEEN CHARGING FOT NEARLY 2 HRS AND IS ONLY 5% CHARGED!!!
i will be back to there store
1st phone, it worked good, i was in the bathroom flushed the toilet and down went the phone, of course it was dead after this and it was gone to the sewer.




3484	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This case fits the Q with a standard battery well. The magnet is very weak so the cover doesn't stay closed very well. Belt clip is thick so it can handle thick belts. Quality, other than magnet, is good.
is a tiny crack near microphone grill, lost phone # but can be re-input. overall it a good phone for the price.
Its easy to wipe off and the surface is smooth rather than the others that I have used that have grooves and difficult to clean.
4199	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No comparison... this is the best bluetooth headset on the market.  The noise shield is incrediable.  I called my husband to test and cranked up the radio and he could only hear me.  Almost weird how it works.  We bought him one too.  Zero road noice.
6018	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love this product its not to small and not to big the led flashlight works great for leaving work at night or coming home at night the lazer light works great for work presentations or walking a store and pointing out product in the oberhead  I have a iphone 4s it charges it to a full charge once and a half for my galaxy note 2 or my galaxy s3 it charges it almost to a full charge so either of my phone makes it through a 12 hour work day and more  I definately would recomend this product to anybody that needs a extra charge
I've been so worried about running out of battery on my iPhone 4S that I actually used to panic. Now I'm relaxed and I know no matter how much I use battery sucking photography apps I always have a few charges ready in my other pocket. I should say how perfectly this fits in all of my pockets. It's so sleek. I ran low and I just charged it while I was out taking pictures. It charges super fast and you get over 2, maybe 3 charges in one full iTorch. That's just amazing to me. I use my iPhone constantly being an avid iphoneography person. Then getting home late in the dark I just feel for the button and turn on the LED flashlight. I had been using my iPhone for that but now no more opening the iphone and finding the flashlight app, I just use the iTorch which lives in my other pocket. It's a pretty cool bonus I wasn't expecting.
Fit and Comfort:  The Jabra is clearly lighter so you can almost forget it is even on.  The Jawbone is much larger and takes some work with the supplied earpieces, but in my case simply using the other earpiece that is supplied resulted in a very secure and comfortable fit.  Yes, it is bigger, but for me, I can leave it on all day in comfort.  Both units are quite good in this regards.
1. I've had several Java exception errors already and had to soft reset the phone already once to get rid of one. That's bad. A phone should just work.
8491	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have had the w580i for 1 year, 2 months now and I have enjoyed using the phone and most of its features.  However, during that time I have experienced several quality issues.  One of them (the ear speaker died) was probably isolated to my unit.  But I also had my keypad crack twice. The cracked keypad seems to be a common issue with this model, just search online about it.  I had to send in the phone twice for warranty repairs. Now, the left soft keys (select/back) have stopped working. Another search revealed this to also be a common flaw also.  My warranty has run out, so Sony Ericsson will not fix this.  Fortunately, there is a workaround by pushing hard on the area between the navigation keys and the LCD screen (where there is either the 'W' logo or the at&t logo), then the keys will work.
- Great signal strength
11. Lots of customizing options.

6910	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I don't know if it is the watch or the batteries but, they only lasted a month.
6399	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Worked great for about a month. I was changing out my cell phone battery and one of the little tit thing broke and now it doesn't stay on real good any more.  I'm so glad I paid like a few bucks.  I went to Verizon to price out another type cover and they made a lot better than this one, the little tits are much thicker and better quality...not [...] worth.  I'm in the search for something new that will last Hummm
7920	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Electrically great!  Unforunately the socket end is slightly larger in diameter than the hole in most protective cases for the iPod.  Be prepared to trim that end slightly.  I bought it because I have a superb Shure headset with an even larger diameter plug.  Good buy and works fine.
I do have occassional trouble getting the headset to set properly in my ear.  It is frustrating, especially when I am in a rush when it just won't set exactly right and it wiggles and feels like it might fall-out (which it sometimes, though rarely does.)


7592	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good quality
6242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery is awesome, I was debating between this and a battery case. I'm glad I got this, I can use my own cool case and re-charge my phone anywhere when I need to. I highly recommend ths item.
3104	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not fit any of my phone screens. Only gave a star because they are decent, but not right size.

Overall I am extremely satisfied with the product when it comes to charging my iPhones.  I am hopeful that the IMP500 will be sufficient enough to charge the iPad 2 as well.  The only comment/suggestion I would add is that it would have been nice to have included an adapter for Apple devices so the existing cord that charges the IMP500 could be used.  It's not a huge deal but being able to pack just the adapters without the need for the extra cable would be a nice feature.

3927	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I like the idea of the rain shower head but this one just looks so cheap compared to the other really high end quality shower heads. I returned it



Tons of great easy to use features

It does not have *67 feature that was on the 6035 to block my caller ID on out going calls. There is no other way to dial a number other than the number shows on the contact. I have to copy all my conference call and pins on a piece of paper before I can dial on this phone. The 5-year 6035 old phone does not need additional paper or pens to perform a conference call. This is excellent phone for e-mail access or web access. Use as a phone, you make the judgment.

I've been using it for about five weeks as of this review. It's super easy to pair, it fits nicely in my ear and to date, has not fallen out once. The charger is a neat little case which for some reason, I like.
It didn't work. At all.

The M2 Memory Stick is not common, but Sony Ericsson uses it.  They supply a 512MB one.  Buying one with more memory will not be cheap.  The access slot is on the top.  It took me a while to figure out how to open the little, flat plastic door.  Which side to open? It doesn't have a flap, can't open with a fingernail, so I use an unfolded paper clip or other similar-sized object to pry it open.
4060	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The product worked for about a week but then it just stopped working.  didn't really charge anything.  Too cheep.  Buy better quality!

I hope this help to other buyers.
I liked it so much I bought a second one!!
4353	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The one I got never worked.  It's so cheap it's worth trying to see if you luck out and get one that works.
To sum things up, this is a phone with a lot of features.  It isn't too advanced that a person can't eventually figure out how to use most of them, even if you are used to a basic phone like I am.
3622	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a well made case.  It is stylish enough to be worn with business attire - and that is what it would look best with.  The outside of the case is black and the inside is a tan leather.  There is a small "C" logo on the outside flap...and it is not too big (about 1cmx1cm).  The flap closes securely with the aid of a magnet. The clip seems relatively sturdy as I've been using it for the past week or so.  If you would rather not attach the clip and use the permanent belt loop you can do that too.
I upgraded from a Motorola L7 SLVR (basically a non-flip Razr).  Migrating my contacts was easy ONLY BECAUSE of the Motorola Phone Tools CD that came with the phone (or findable on the Internet with a lot of searching).  For whatever reason the Motorola Phone Tools software absolutely would not detect that Outlook was on my laptop and therefore I could only export the list in a CSV format and import it into Outlook.  After arranging the fields in order - I could THEN sync all my numbers to my Moto Q Smartphone (Windows Mobile 6)
2538	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really like the design but keep in mind you are sacrificing protection for aesthetics. It really only covers the back of the phone which in my opinion is the least important part. The screen is largely unprotected except for a slight lip around the edge which may or may not protect the screen but I have yet to drop it.
3211	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical whether a passive antenna may work, but gave it a try because my office is inside a cinder brick block building that blocks both cellular tower signal and wifi signal from the access point hub that is only 50 ft away.  I was getting zero bar or sometimes barely 1 bar drifting from cell tower once in awhile, and no wifi signal at all.  After I put the passive antenna next to the window close to the ceiling, and my iPhone is 5 ft away from the antenna, it actually got 2-3 bars in cell signal, and 1-2 bars for wifi.  I did not expect it could give such improvements, pleasantly surprised.  I tried it out at home, where I do get a pretty good cell signal, 4 bars, without the antenna.  I thought it would give me 5 bars with this passive antenna, but it didn't change any signal strength.  So I think it works well for very weak cell signal in dead zones, and bring it up to a level where you can actually get some signal, which is better than nothing before.  But don't expect to give you better signal improvement if you are already in a strong signal area.  So it is a good alternative, without having to use powered antenna amplifier, which is very expensive and require wiring and power source, which is not as portable as this.

So be careful because on the offer it says "OtterBox Defender Case for BlackBerry Curve 8300 Series (Black)" but its not for all 8300 series.

Some parts are well made (but not all).

Speaker for ringtones and speakerphone is on the back.  If you lay your phone down (or put it in one of the stupid "pouches") you will muffle the volume considerably.
1027	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I PUT THIS PRODUCT IN MY PHONE AND HAVE NOT SEEN ANY DIFFERENCE IN MY SIGNAL STRENGTH AT ALL. I BOUGHT SOME BEFORE AND THEY ACTUALLY HELPED BUT THESE DID NOT.
6739	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great deal; Works just like name brands that cost much more
4029	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This OEM holster is cheap and functional.  The built-in magnetic sensor turns off the screen on my BB Curve automatically.  The leather flap that goes over the top of the holster also can close itself.  The "lock" is a strong low-tech magnet located on the end of the leather flap.  This is an extremely smart and efficient design.  It uses simple enough technology to keep the cost down.
2346	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great buy for the price
Connecting the cables is really easy. The antenna cable has a coaxial connection to the bottom of the Drive 4G-S. The kit also includes a 12V DC Power Adapter that can be plugged into a cigarette lighter port or an auxiliary power port. The adapter has a standard sized USB port on the end of its black plastic handle to plug in the power cable. The other end of the power cable is connected to the power port on the bottom of the 4G-S Drive, right next to the antenna cable. All the wiring is done at this point.
2231	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this cable from Eforcity, which provides the fast shipping and good customer services. With the price being 25% of the OEM's price, I figured all I was getting was the cable. And the cable is excellent!!. I highly recommend to deal this company next time.
650 is a fee service from Sprint


On a scale of 1 to 10 I would rate this phone a solid 9 because
Great phone, but what good are the myriad of features if the darn thing won't work when you need it? I'm trying to hold out until there's more feedback regarding the Motorola RIZR Z3. That's the next phone I've got my eye on. I'll miss Samsung's features and menu setup, but this phone with its declining battery life has left me very weary of Samsung.
UPDATE!

2129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I spent a good bit of time reading Amazon reviews about Treo cases. Most of the cases had very mixed reviews. My Palm One Treo 700/650 Pouch Leather Case is stylish with a nice soft leather. At first my Treo moved around a little in the case. This little movement was not very noticable or bothersome. After I remembered the little pocket inside the case, I put 4 business cards inside. These were just enough to keep my Treo from moving. Actually the pocket can't really hold more than 4 or 5 business cards without making it difficult to close the Treo in the case. I really like the magnetic flap. It's easy to open and close. Finally the belt clip holds securely on my belt.
4612	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast Delivery, product just as described, very satisfied.
The first call I received was fairly important, and I told the caller to let me know if they had ANY difficulties hearing me. During the five minutes we were on, I drove on different surfaces (some quite rough) and was driving at 60 mph during half of the call. Towards the end of the conversation I asked the caller if they'd been able to hear me OK; they wondered what I was talking about and stated that everything had sounded GREAT on their end.

1346	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've only been using mine a couple of weeks, but have been using both Palmpilots and cell phones for years--and should mention that I lived in Japan for seven years, where the functions of the Treo would be considered very basic and even far outdated with the notable exception that you can add software and therefore functionality to the Treo.



Pros: Voice quality is great. Reception is great in the Boston area with T-Mobile service. Bluetooth is nice. Screen quality is best I've ever seen on a phone.
I am planning to get another one for myself, because the first one I got for my wife.
I am taking away one star because of the weird format - it extends another inch or so off the T60 frame. It may be worth to note, as a positive, that the battery shape does not prevent attaching the laptop to the T60 docking station.
I like having this around for emergencies, but I still prefer just to have batteries for my phone to swap out rather than have this plugged in at some point throughout the day. (I use a Samsung phone with swappable batteries).
5336	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works good.
Suggestions: needs to have a self destruction feature when loosing phone due to all the picture memory and video clips.

Yes, the ipod/iphone bounces around a bit on the windshield but I think that has more to do with the car than the product.

Loud and Clear.  I can hear my calls well and the incoming audio sounds good, though at higher volumes, there's a slight rattle.  People I'm talking to say it sounds clearer to them than when I am using my Motorola headset.
The CD did come with the MS office reader and Acrobat reader and few games, but was not installed. Maybe there was not enough memory? I can program the speed dial and the voicemail button. I can get my Cablevision, Comcast, Verizon DSL with Versamail. Web access to Yahoo mail, Hotmail, iNote and SprintPCS mail.
9663	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good
You plug in the card and off you go.  Works just like my Nuvi 350.  The only down side is that if you use the phone the mapping software closes, one thing at a time.  That is due to the lack of processing power in the Treo not Garmin's fault.
The ideas was nice, and that is why I bought it. The Marketing sells you something the Product Design does NOT deliver!
If my cell phone signal is like 1 bar or 2 bar, the other end is having hard time understanding me.

I was to say the least, disappointed, and ended up removing the case after a few days and re-buying my previous case.

6. No problems with long usage, unlike Jabra BT250, which used to irritate the skin on the back of my ear if I used it too long or too often.
  3.  Needs something rubber on it to grip.  It slides all over the desk very easily and cause of the weight can carry the phone with it off the desk.
Note: Double-stack cards to stretch the leather if you prefer a more loose fit.
- Extras - comes with a laser pointer and LED light built in, not necessarily a must, but a nice to have.  Well thought out.
2192	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Motorola should do better. This product would not install in ether of my state of the art computers.  Find a program from another source.  Save yourself some headaches.
CONS:
fits like a glove
I thought it was a decent price at $42, but the $28 Motorola H500 is a no-brainer when compared to this headset.
- The MP3 player rocks; no pun intended. The Walkman software lets you sort by Artists, Albums, Tracks, Playlists and more. This is light-years ahead of the my old RAZR's MP3 player. This one rivals any standalone MP3 device I've used.
I like the web because it's fast enough that I don't miss the WiFi.  I had to get used to the fact that many web sites aren't small enough for the phone, but it's excellent for using Google maps, looking up business and giving the number for easy dial (just tap the blue line), checking bank accounts, online orders, movies, weather and especially the news.  Email is good too with the Palm software. I didn't use Express or GetGood email.  I absolutely love the chat setting on the messaging.
After seeing how durable this phone was for my older son, I bought one for my younger son who adores it!  He doesn't abuse it quite as much and his phone still has all of the paint and no scratches on the screen. He really enjoys being able to have music on his phone. It's a very reasonably priced phone that's small and fun to use, perfect for teens.  Personally, I'm using a Sony Ericsson slider that has a few more features that I love (also very reasonably priced).
I can hear anyone clearly, and they all said they hear me great.

4485	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this unit enough that I ordered one even though it's been discontinued by Plantronics -- not like me at all.
2226	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Up till last year, I was still fully into one of those old-school Sony CD-Walkmans for my music. My cell-phone was too old and could only be used to make phone calls..Then, I finally upgraded my cell-phone.

1974	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	wasnt what i needed  didn't seem to have riught info on add  so  wouldnt recomend this proiduct  to buy for anyone
263	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	battery didn't last too long
I am very satisfied with the product.
  message and partially disables bluetooth for file management

I have also noticed that if you use off brand iphone cables the unit does not charge fully or as fast as it would if you used official apple cables. This unit can be charged with your apple charger but its inconvenient to carry around and the fear of losing that cable is always there.
If you like gadgets that you can tie into your computer, palm, car, etc. then this is the phone for you!
4184	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The Jawbone bluetooth headset is not really made very well and is a lot worse than people seem to give it credit for. Parts fall off after a short time and it is very cheaply made. It looks metal but really is cheap bendy plastic material.
4707	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this because I was looking for a universal one piece power adapter for international travel. My journeys take me to Asia on occasion. On this particular trip I went to mainland China, Korea and Hong Kong. Three different plugsets..
Samsung Galaxy S3
Since it does what is says it will do, I give it four stars, but one star off for being super ugly.
UPDATE 10/10/2008:  Apparently the seller is no longer selling the 3G version here.  My review applied to the 3G version that was being sold on this page at the time the review was submitted.  I'm sure that the review of the material, etc. still applies though.
8964	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use my phone pretty much all day long. YouTube, Tether, Texting, Facebook, Netflix, Games (FieldRunners 2 for Android - Plus many others), recording videos, taking pictures, and etc. It's a computer in your pocket. And NO MATTER HOW BIG your phones battery is, it's GOING to get low and you're going to scramble to find a charger. I can't tell you how many times I've had this charger in my pocket, CHARGING my phone! Yes, you can use a car charger, but say your phone is about to die and you can't leave your phone in your car or you'll miss an important call or text (or say your car doesn't charge your device while the key is not in the ignition - like mine...), you NEED to have your phone on you, but you know it's about to die. If you charge it on the way to the store, it's only going to get a few minute charge and then you pull it off and that only added a percentage or two to your almost dead battery. You can rest assure your phone is in your pocket (or purse, etc) .... CHARGING! So if it rings, you'll be able to answer it. This will more than top off your phones battery. If you're a person that uses wifi tether, that drains your battery FAST and this thing will provide you with security knowing that your phone can be recharged and used even longer, without being near a power source. If you find yourself with a phone that doesn't make it all day, you're a power user, or will be away from an outlet for a while... Save yourself time and money, and buy this thing!
6643	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We live out in the country, in a metal sided mobile home.  The verizon phone seems to stay at 2 bars, US Cellular stays at 3 bars(even though it has the closest tower to us) AT&T and T Mobile fluctuate between "no service" up to brief moments of 2 bars.  It took my husband less then 30 minutes to install and hook this thing up.  My AT&T phone immediately went all the way to 5 bars.  Back in the bedroom and bathroom it drops to only 2 bars, still better then the 0 bars it did have.
9406	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I don't get as good reception as I had hoped for. I have better reception in the room where the inside box is, but very little difference in the back of the house. I had hoped to be able to do away with the land line, but that won't be possible now.
Well made
9509	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Worked as described but wish it was a bit more consistant/stronger.  Make sure you have signal somewhere 1-2 bar minimum before buying.


-Screen needs better resolution & colors. currently 176x220 pixel resolution.

1. The top lid has a mesh to house the charger and probably some accessories that come with Neat scanner. that kind of obstructs the closing of the lid with Kodak scanner in there. The remaining half that does not have the mesh sits with some gap on the roof which is good. So I had to cut the mesh and do away with it and now it sits perfectly!
6268	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love my iPhone 4. Problem is, if you take advantage of all the iPhone features (especially video streaming, or heavy photography) you can run through electrons pretty quickly. I previously used a Battery Case extender which is manufactured by a popular company, and really had no problems with it.
7841	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These Worked great for my Mophie juice air pack.  Now I have extra spares in case I break another adapter.
The unit is also cheap feeling, and larger than it looks in the picture.


The buttons are not hard to push, but naturally, because they are covered by the case, they are a little hard-ER to press. Still, if you find it "hard" to push the buttons, maybe what you really need is a little iron in your diet.

9825	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased some off brand on ebay and the seiko watch would not completely function. Put one of these in it and the watch is now totally functional.  Clearly an example of you get what you pay for but here, not so much anyway!
First off, the design of it looks a bit off-putting.  It uses military-grade noise reduction technology and the look of the headset makes me believe that this particular headset may have been originally intended for such use.  It's not exactly the most attractive headset out there - definitely not the most feminine.

No Microsoft Exchange email support so no corporate email unless it is a Pop3 or allows you to login from the web.
full charge. The iTorch had about 1/4 of juice left in it afterward. Whilst
8490	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The charger's mini-usb connector is a bit different in size than usual, so it goes in to the port, but barely stays there and it's enough to nudge the phone and the cord falls out. Needless to say, I would not buy this one again.

5377	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought one for my son, as he can be hard on his gear, plus he was spending a year in India. The lens cracked while the phone was in the case.
Next is ease of use. I like the placement of buttons. The main button on front has a definate click to it so you know you have pressed it and doesn't leave you guessing. The rocker volume dial on back is great for adjusting volume and can be reversed if placing on your left ear so rocking up is always louder and rocking down is quieter. Pressing the dial in also has function as well. Neat, simple design and easy to access with larger fingers. Again, 5 star.
This is too much trouble, is not friendly or fast.

The screen tends to be too dim to read in bright, direct sunlight, and the light "sensor" seems to add to the problem. A non-reflective coating would have been nice on the display. Very useful 600 entry contact list, which can store ALL of a contact's info (home#, work#, cell#, fax#, email, etc.) Phone has a handy notepad and will take vocal notes, also. Calculator, games, etc are included on phone. Wish it had an alarm clock (if it does, I haven't found it yet..I'll keep looking) for those long drives. The little disco light is kind of funny, too (almost a disco party in your pocket!).
6406	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Oh it fits the iPhone with Mophie Plus case -- perfectly!  But in barely 2 weeks....the clip has already torn from the case, and I NEARLY LOST my iPhone 4S and Mophie Air case, it was barely hanging by a few threads.  If I could give it negative stars for the lack of security this case offered, I would.

7326	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked great, as advertised.  Would recommend to a friend.
9893	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	These protectors are squared hard plastic pieces without the cutouts to accommodate the speaker for the phone. They are inexpensive but you get what you paid for.
Good battery life
6827	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.

The signal strength isn't as good as the 4900 or the 8300.  I suspect they cut corners on the antenna. If you are a person that demands 5 bars in every location, get the 8300 instead. In addition, the MM7500 and the 9000 will probably both offer stronger antennae with their superior next gen features.  While the reception sounds fine, this phone averages 2-3 bars.
2. Good and controllable earphone volume.  It can reasonably well deal with traffic noise when I'm walking outside my downtown Chicago office. I can set the volume really loud, so the only case when I cannot hear my partner is when I'm walking too close to a moving train.  My usual volume setting is around 1/3.
5933	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Needed that extra back up when on the road and at all day trade shows and this New Trent product does it all!
7362	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this phone because it said it was compatible with my in car system.  The phone came from italy , not the US so its all messed up.  Battery life is maybe 2 hours talk time and 10 hours stsndby.  Wound up trashing it and recycling the battery.  Good for nothing...  this is where they get that phrase from.

*NO DROPPED CALLS-which is why I left the *other* cell phone company
With my iphone 4, this headset fades in and out and is about 1/2 as loud as my Plantronics 925 on the outgoing volume. The fading is very noticeable on for the listener and verified by apple iphone tech support. Her comment was that I sounded great on the phone and on the 925.
highly recommended seller.
It has a USB port and also another port that fits my blackberry and GPS unit.  It also has a laser pointer on it.  I haven't had much use for the laser pointer, but it's small enough that it doesn't make a difference.  I like that it's nice and small and fits well in my purse without much bulk.

* Social Security Number!!!!!!!!!!!!!

7121	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this product.  Great for those long bike rides and plane trips.  Light weight around the neck or clipped on your shirt.  The headphones are weird.  I use the Sony's I got a while ago.  Calls are OK as long as the device is close to your mouth.  Having it hang on your cheats makes the call almost impossible.  Unless you like talking to your belly button.  Sound quality is good.  If you pair this noise canceling headphones is great for planes.  Wish it were a tad louder.  Great battery life and the USB charging port is pretty common.
3267	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	IT IS HARD TO PULL OUT THE STAND AND IT IS A TAD TIGHT TO TAKE OFF OF THE PHONE, OTHERWISE THIS IS PERFECT FOR PROTECTING YOUR PHONE AND THE BLACK COLOR GOES WELL WITH MY PHONE.
I'm very happy with this product. If they can make the charging DC in using micro USB instead of the round pin, it would be an even better product. However, I can see a lot of careless users will be calling tech support to ask how to use that Micro USB port.
6546	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Very disappointed in results. Did not amplify cell strength. Plastic should be thicker.
great! The same thing from the store was three times the price.
6617	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought mine used. When I tried it out, it worked as described. I tried at location of house with one bar
4057	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I read the other reviews and went ahead and ordered the charger anyway.  When I received it I was greatly disappointed that it didn't fit any of my devices, not one.  I ordered the adapter from a company in HONG KONG and waited a full month to receive it in the mail (now I'm really steamed).  I received the adapter yesterday and tried out the Turbo Charger.  Much to my surprise...IT WORKS VERY WELL AS PROMISED.
1) font size is small.  Due to high resolution screen, the letters are small, if you don't have a 20 years or yonger eyes, you may have problem to read the display;  Hope Moto will make the font size adjustable;
3721	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After my old adapter broke my retainer, I decided to get an adapter that I could screw to my center console to prevent another retainer from breaking and this one worked out great!!
2nd - 4th LED: "low, med, & high" power capacity


If you take these caveats in mind and it still meets your needs you will be satisfied.


2768	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As advertised.
8102	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This found and synced right up with the Moto Q 9c.  The sound is clear and the mic does not need to be right up to your face.  I thought the chain may be a little long, but the mic picks up the voice just fine.  In a setting where the ambient noise level increases, you may need to bring it closer to your face to be heard.


9163	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well I'd like to compliment Trent on this product.  It fits my needs very well.  With one of the large screen cell phones (HTC EVO 4G) I run through my battery very quickly if I do any extended usage.  I'd have to find a PC or carry a wall charger with me all the time.  Now I don't need to do that, I get at minimum one full charge and some more out of this unit.  This will get me through a heavy use day no problem.

3598	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Will take nothing away from the product.  For my personal taste it was a bit bulkier than I prefer. Quality is good no complaints otherwise.
I may try another unit in a few months, hoping that I just received a defective one or that a software upgrade may improve the radio range.
Camera takes very good pictures for a camera phone.

5014	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The description said that it will fit even with a case, and its not true. The picture don't matches with the product delivered. It will not work for my purpose. It is a regular extension of a headphone. I was looking for an extension that had a jack as the apple headphone jack.
5117	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this item numerous times over the last 5-10 years.  I find it protective of my glasses and easy to use.  If have several pair of prescription glasses, tinted and not tinted, sunglasses, etc.  I also have about 5-6 pair of reading glasses that I keep in these holders in my bedroom, at my computer, in the kitchen, in my sewing room, in my basement, and at work.  All are in these holders.

5943	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTourch 5200mAh is a great portable power supple.  It also contains a laser point for use in presentations.  Its lightweight and provided an additional full charge for an iPhone and a 60% charge for an iPad.
1610	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	After so many great reviews, I figured this would be a good choice.  It is not.  The power button is very annoying to turn on.  When using it, there is a clear buzzing noise, even when the phone is close by or in my pocket.  The switching is slow, which cuts people off and with my Treo, the voice command doesn't work.  If and was to do it again, I would NOT purchase this product.  I got two - yes TWO different headset that were defective - before Amazon sent me another to correct the mistake.  It works, but when it's not convenient to use, it's pretty much useless.
- Crystal clear calling


Holds up to signatures, constantly checking boxes with a 9mm lead pencil
2524	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love my glass protector. Would have given it a 5 start but I just wish out was a little wider. Other than that looks great.


It is made of more flimsy plastic than Tumi, but these are functional devices. They are not made for elegance and beauty.
2. Full duplex.
2494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	For under $20, this blow the over-priced Jabra's out of the water.  I can actually hear other people talk without holding the ear piece in my ear. Battery lasts a couple of weeks without recharging.

6871	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good new batteries

My only two complaints are that some of the buttons and functions are not immediately intuitive, and RIM has yet to come out with an assortment of cases for this version. But, after about 15 mins of playing around, I was able to figure out just about everything (the manual that RIM provides covers only the basics), and I found a great case on eBay.



8253	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Just received the headset and works great.  Yes the cord on the right side is long and the mic rests on your chin but I am used to that; my Samsung Sync headset did the same thing.  Music sounds good and calls are loud and clear.  I received my shipment in 2 working days too.  Great job!
5490	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its a armband for the iphone, I am really small so I put it around my leg. It gets the job done!!
5962	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great portable external battery!  Perfect size to fit in a pocket or in a backpack while traveling, hiking, sporting events, and shopping.  I don't like shopping but it keeps my phone charged while waiting for the others to finish shopping.  I can charge my Samsung Galaxy III phone from completely dead to full charge and then have enough power to charge up my Nexus 7 tablet to 3/4 power.  Haven't really used the laser pointer and flashlight option, but it's a nice add on to the external battery pack.  You can use the phone/tablet while charging, but it's best to leave it alone and connect it to the charger, you'll be able to get more charging ability on the external battery.
Overall I do see the H700 as an improvement over the H300.  My only problem with it, which is why I did not give it 5 stars, was the Bluetooth drop out.  It seems that the Bluetooth on the H700 drops out more often than the H300.  I would say that it drops out on 1 in every 20 calls.
2776	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	yes I know I am a dinosaur for not upgrading to a smartphone which is bulky and has all sorts of features I do not need.
7534	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice for the price
4008	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	looks like a good case, but it does not fit a 5.75" phone - not even close
1. Good look, good feel (just get a case or sleeve so it stays shiny and new).

Extras: The WiFi and the screen make for surprisingly good web browsing! And I've discovered that most of the mobile sites hardly have any ads, so I use the phone for web browsing a fair amount..
However, if you still want to jump into the trap, there is a way to beat their stealing:
9078	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My iPhone is in constant need of charging, like about 4 or 5 5imes a day (what can I say, I'm a heavy user). This battery pack is light, small and handy and keeps my phone going when an outlet is not available. Once charged, the battery pack seems to provide a lot of charging before needing a charge itself, and that's good. However, charging the iTorch takes a long time, and by that I mean at least 4 hours and maybe more. The company claims about 500 charge/discharge cycles, but you get more out of the iTorch than that. We'll see...
1) The earphones! I've used this on runs as long as three hours and the earphones remain comfortable, and provide surprisingly good noise isolation. I have used them on the subway and on airplanes and had no problems understanding what I was hearing.
2. Upon starting up like this, you will not be able to access certain menu items like Clock and Settings -> config.
8721	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The prongs on the two pieces wouldn't work together. Never worked. Tried taping it down, too, but that didn't work either. Just threw away money.

I've resisted all the games (I want MINESWEEPER - yes, I know it is lame).  I might have to drop $4 for solitare.

APPEARANCE:


The fit is snug, but not overly so.  I also purchased a clear plastic snap on case for my Blackjack II, and it still fits in the leather case, although it is quite snug now.
 MPEG4 video Playback
- Excellent mp3 stereo sound.
239	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Biggest piece of garbage, ever.  Bought two of these - one for my phone and one for my sons.  Neither one worked.  Followed the "simple" instructions - plugged phone into case, then plugged charging cord into case.  However, while the case was supposedly charging, the phone was not.  In fact, it appeared that the case was draining power from the phone!  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT.  I will be returning both cases.

- The non-expandable, 32MB Program Memory limitation caused (IMO) much erratic behavior and system halts. The phone required rebooting, minimally, once per day.
683	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Handstands Super Size Sticky Pad - Black  holds very well, I've yet to have anything slip off it yet.
I used to complain about the small power button, but then I realized that it's extremely easy to press down once the headset is on your ear. Contrary to popular belief, it is NOT a rocker switch; it presses down, but if you try to power on or off while not wearing the headset, it is tricky to find the right angle at which it needs to be pressed.
Lightweight
8125	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Looks good, perfect as white elephant gift, anyone can use one of these!
633	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Purchased two of these items specifically for mounting my Garmin 60CSX on my bike handlebars.  I was quite happy to discover that the actual handlebar mount is identical to the ones I'm currently using for the Garmin Legend, the only addition here is the cradle that snaps into that mount.  So now I have the luxury of moving either unit amongst several of my bikes, be they touring or off-road.
Light weight

I don't use my headset except when I travel now as I have a car with Bluetooth and my phone automatically pairs to the car audio. However, I am sure when I travel, it will be used extensively (I carry it every day in my computer backpack and it is holding up well --- ).
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.
I went on a quest to find protection.  I first bought a silicone case from Verizon.  The thin silicone sleeve is sort of a joke.  I don't know what it's supposed to really protect it from.  The only thing it was good for was scratches.  If I wanted to keep my phone pretty, this was the ticket.


5652	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Mates to any iGo device and plugs into any micro USB device, not only the ones listed on the title because the plug type is standardized. Built sturdily so it's grip on both ends is very tight. Not much else to say about this product.


* The keyboard - I'm glad it's qwerty, but there's got to be a better way to type in numbers!  This took me about a week to get used to.  There should just be an extra row for numbers.
This model looks and feels great cosmetically.  Especially useful for people that want to use it in public and show it off.  It feels well made to last a long time.  The weight is good for a 5200 Mah battery.
Headset used with T-Mobile SDA and now the T-Mobile Dash
WEAKNESSES:
Update: I have read several reviews complaining that they just could not get the Jawbone to fit or the ear bud to stay in their ear. Here is what I did. I first gently bent the ear loop to more of a closed position to fit tighter around my ear. Then, as you know, the loop is already bent to force the ear bud more into your ear and the speaker closer to your face. I took that shape and bent it a little farther. Now, the ear bud fits farther into my ear and the headset feels more comfortable and does not flop around. Obviously if you bend it too far it will break. So, be careful. This adjustment worked for me. I also took the advice of another reviewer about how to put the headset on. This is, basically, what he said. Put your thumb over the ear bud. Hold the headset horizontally and flat against your head then start sliding the end of the loop over the top of your ear. Then as you slide it on, rotate it at the same time to the correct position. It really works and now I can get it on with one hand in 2 seconds.

6089	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is great for an on the go charger.  It is compact and works.  Easy to use, just plug in and charge.  The pointer light is not needed.  I would certainly recommend this product
I charge the external battery charger up (using a wall plug with a USB port) and throw it in my purse.  It comes with a little velvety pouch to keep it and the cord in. I go weeks sometimes without having to use it and the full charge is still there when I need it.  When I am out and my phone dies or is low on juice, I simply plug this bad boy in to my phone and it charges it right up.  I love that I can just plug it in to my phone and throw it in my purse and let it charge when I'm on the go.  Also, it came in handy when I was out with friends one night and somehow my battery drained within a few hours.  I needed my phone to be charged in case the sitter called and I would have freaked out if not for this external battery charger.
114	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I did not use it for a few months then when I used it it did not work at all.
[...]
328	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far, so good. My phone is getting the juice it needs and I am not in panic mode wondering if the battery is going to die before I can charge it up. This product gives me a lot more time with my phone. The 100% takes longer to get to 20% (the point at which I usually charge it back up). Thank you!
5716	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits my needs.
* Birthday?????????????????
Not knowing too much about Bluetooth headsets at the time, I opted for the BT250. Two weeks later and I'm giddy like a kid in a candy store.
158	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is Samsung brand..works with my Android phones..Galaxy Nexus 4 and Galaxy S2 and S3...recommend it highly for anyone with a microUSB phone
652	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They work just as i thought they would and just like the original ones did.  The best ones out there and i have purchased many of these things and no others can top it
- Poor reception as a phone... probably the worst reception I have had on a phone in the last 7 years

7289	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	SUMMARY OF FEATURES:
That's it. When you get everything set up, it will work to amplify whatever signal you normally get. (Note - if you had no signal before, this will not give you a signal. It only amplifies what signal you already have.) I noticed immediate improvement. My calls don't have a lot of drop outs now and the call doesn't drop after a minute or two. The call quality is very good, also. Of course, I must stay within 6 feet of the antenna, but for $60, I can live with that.
If you want a bluetooth that has a ton of bells and whistles, then get this headset.


2254	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The black plastic body is 5/8" by 3/8" and 5/16" thick.  This is very small, about 11/16" in each direction (outside dimensions) and when plugged in, much of the one direction ends up inside the attached device.  This adapter is a great item that works well and solves very special needs when they come up.  I liked it so much that I ordered a spare to keep on hand.
If you need a bluetooth headset, I strongly suggest that you pick-up this little marvel.
895	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Hell yeah

Here's my report of each adapter:

Plugged directly in, no problem.



The phone is now heavier, but not by a great deal. I tend to carry it in my front shirt pocket, which tends to cause my shirt to sag (but for me, function tends to outweigh form), but that was true of my old battery, too. It's also a little thicker, too. So when I bought this battery, I also bought the case ($7-8-ish) that fits it, which I use some times, but I still tend to keep the phone in my shirt pocket a lot.
It definitely boosts the signal within the room it is installed, and to a limited extent adjacent rooms in the house. The improvement made my cellphone reception go from unusable to functional throughout the house, and in the room - 5 bars on my Samsung/Google phone (and only 4 bars on the iPhone 4S?).
The 1 amp nature of the device limits its charging focus to single
The Messaging app now confuses a little, it allows you to send an "Audio Message" via MMS, while send a "Message" includes text or MMS capability built-in.
(2) Headset does not stay in, regardless of earbud chosen or whether or not I used the over-ear hook.


2157	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this phone. Wifi, edge, great sound quality, beautiful screen. Windows mobile 5 has been great so far. The wifi works great with my wireless network. When I'm not at home - EDGE is great for surfing. It syncs perfectly with my WinXP computer so all my emails, tasks, appointments and contacts are always in sync over the air with my Exchange server.  I have tons of movies, MP3's, my bible, and a complete dictionary on my 1gb mini-sd card. I bought a ThinkOutside BT keyboard and it works great with this phone. I'm with Tmo in the Northwest and my reception is much better than with my other cell. I honestly think it's the best smartphone from any manufacturer or carrier and believe me - I did my research. Great phone/PDA!

1960	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it
3200	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	like

Nice slim design


5358	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item was shipped promptly by means of UPS.  Arrived professionally packaged in original product box.  Instructions were great for assembly, has a smart design that will protect the phone from bumps, dust, and light water mist.  When following the recommended instructions for installing the silicone screen and key shield, there are very few bubbles if any on the screen.  The silicone is molded specially for the keys, fits perfect making it easy to use the keyboard.  There is a hole cut out for the trackball, again, perfect fit.  The plasic belt clip holster it comes with acts like the original Blackberry holster as far as "in holster" setting.  I am verry satisfied with this product, it surpasses my expectations.
8715	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fixed my own BlackBerry Curve, yeah, I did! Good little smart phone, I simply wore out... now, good as new.
I then decided to try installing the recommended DSL line filter, something I never had to do with any other phone on this line. It has definitely improved the call quality and lessened the background noise, although it's mildly there.  I'm glad my hearing is not as sharp as it was 25 years ago!
5)  Free voice dialing included (with AT&T Centro -- NOT Sprint).
2) It's big! It's comfy enough on your ear, but its huge in your pocket and since things stick out of it, its hard to get out of your pocket.
So far it has been working as advertised. It has been in constant use for over a month we have not had any problems and our foreman has loved it. It really does seem to be a rugged ear piece and seems to have a good battery life as well.
3426	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	the phone would slip out of holster my phone fell out a couple of times and it fell to the ground a couple of times

But the replacement is easy to do if you are patient gentle, and follow the instructions.
2619	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was very happy with the product I purchased from amazon, I got what I wanted for about 1/4 of the retail price!
The requirement to list multiple names in the phone book is really odd and it might be that I just haven't found the "secret". The phone doesn't come with any type of detailed user manual so you have to go online and look at a PDF to get the information. So far I have not uncovered any secret. If I had a large phone book that I wanted to use, then I'd probably have passed on this phone (and any other Motorola using a similar scheme).


Used both headsets on PS3, had a lot of troubles getting it to work correctly and sync with the console.


 Has a single 2 Amp USB charging port for charging phones or tablets.
6222	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had the iTorch for about a month, and it provides peace of mind as a backup charger for my cell phone and tablet.  A full charge is able to charge an Android Ideos X5 phone more than once over (about 150% of phone battery capacity), but it's only used when I forget to charge the phone.  It's possible that the battery discharges over time.
Car charger accessory plug
+ It's nice to play games or view videos on TV using the A/V cable :)
4163	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this BT to replace the Plantronics Voyager 510 and have not been disappointed.  Unlike other reviewers I have not had any issues with the fit or ease of placing the headset on my ear.  The ear loop is very comfortable and I can wear it all day and forget its there even when I am wearing my glasses.  My boyfriend ordered one as well and he did have to use the Jabra eargels to achieve a good ear fit for him, but after inserting the Jabra eargels has had no issues with headset at all.  Headset was pricey, however found a good deal on Amazon and paid about $20-$25 less than I expected to on the web and at least $40-$60 less than I would have paid in Best Buy.
UPDATE: I did recieve my rebate, but it took a long time but T-Mobile and Amazon made good on the rebates offered and since purchased another phone off amazon and recieved the rebate in a timely manner.
Update (09-13-10): I have found one complaint.  So far I am on my third OEM power supply.  The little power block died at about the same time as a lightning storm went through and made our house power hiccup so I'm not sure what knocked out the block (yes, it IS on a surge protector).  I bought a variable DC power supply as a backup since I could not find a "generic" power supply that would work (3.6VDC, 2.0A). I also added a grounding wire on my outdoor antenna.  Since then I haven't had a problem.  All I am saying is I wish they would include a little more robust power supply with this unit.  I still think the unit is worth it, just think about an additional power supply if you are susceptible to power failures, lightning strikes or both.

Tip: Screens are washable. Just allow it to dry completely and re-apply. It won't last quite as long during the second application, but it will extend its life a bit more.
button for this feature and that button for that feature? No. Single
Michael Garcia


battery time is OK, I get 4 hours internet radio only with GPRS without running other applications
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.
I suggest using this case with the screen protectors available at the APPLE store.
1684	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Terrible it came with many scratches to the screen, and after an hour of using it the screen became very distorted. I normally don't tell people not to buy something but trust me save your money and get some thing else.
Great companion in the car

 Then I asked about their product warranty - I even have a product warranty card - he said, "call the seller first or return it to them!"....
1206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Listening at my end was very noisy unless the phone held near the headset. Sound quality at the other end of the line was fine, said several listeners.
Doesn't like hubs or USB extension cables. It would charge with either of these but would not sync (with my Mac).

One odd thing - the receiver says to point a certain side of it towards the cell phone tower.  I want you to look around your area right now - do you see a cell phone tower?  Any idea where one might be?  Yah, me neither.


Cons:
1st LED: "in use" when plugged into your desire device & detects a charge
All in all I think you would be hard pressed to find a better headset at this (or any price).  The performance is top notch and so are the features.  You will not be dissapointed.

TREO CONS
4869	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this headset to replace the H700 that I just gave to my wife.  I thought the H700 was a great headset but this one took a good thing and made it better.  I considered just getting another H700 but they are a little tricky to find because you have to make sure you get the "C" version (labeled H700C on the headset) because the earlier versions (especially the "A" had terrible sound quality (I can verify from personal experience.)  There are still a lot of the older versions out there so it is a hassle to avoid them.
6522	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	if you have a faint signal it will help a lot.  I only get 1x connection where i live but without this i get almost no signal.
9958	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	did not fit our phone


6678	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	We have been using one of these at work for several months with good results, so I assumed it would work

1911	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Before I have this product, I have ordinary earphones for my Moto680 cellphone which has stero radio, also I have other moto blue tooth earphone, but this one is good, long time power supply but it is more heavier than the single ear bluetooth.
4951	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the quality was great. they were exactly as described!
4268	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Did not come with institutions had to go online, having difficulty making calls unless I unlock phone. Other wise works great.
7562	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not last that long. Quality is not that great. If you work in Construction, this is not the phone pouch for you.
I used to have a dock and use a standard 3.5mm cable to the aux-in and whatnot but the convenience of just getting in the car and hitting Play on the remote is just awesome. It comes with a lil' strap/holder so you can mount the remote on your steering wheel if you want btw (I velcro'd it down so it looked sleeker and less aftermarket tho).

*Volume of when the phone rings isn't as good as I'd like it to be
6278	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I don't write too many reviews of the many (MANY!) things I buy on Amazon, but this one is worth sharing.  When my company offered me an iPhone or a Blackberry, I jumped at the chance for a "free" iPhone and like everyone else who has one, dealt with the short battery life as just a given.  It was frustrating having come from a number of phones, the last one an LG Dare, that had excellent batt life, in fact it was one of the main things I looked for.
7625	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I consider myself a pretty tech savvy person, so I will admit that using the headset is extremely simple and should be for even novices. I don't have the  problems that most people have with the earbuds or earhooks. Most complaints are because the earhooks break. If you read the directions, it is very easy to use and they shouldn't break. There are standard and long earhooks for left and right ears. If you use the left earhook in your right ear, it will probably break because it is not contoured to fit that particular ear. The earbuds, however, are a different story. It took some testing to find the one that is most comfortable, but is very simple, again, if you read the instructions. Pairing and connectivity are incredibly simple. The only reason I gave the product a 4-star rating instead of 5 is because I have the phone (Samsung U740) in my left pocket almost all of the time and wear the headset in my right ear. The earpiece looses connection a lot and is aggravating. The simple solution would be to relocate the phone, which I do, but I would have thought the signal would be stronger. If there aren't any obstructions, I can talk on the headset 20ft away from the phone before I get a little static. Very good product and I would recommend it to anyone.
Don't waste your money on this.
Next up was Metro, it too didn't offer a solution.  I was bummed and had finally given up when I was driving and saw a random hole-in-the-wall cell phone place. I figured one more [final] try can't hurt.  Walked in and immediately, him:  "oh you have a Firefly, I haven't seen those in years."  It felt like I heard angels singing and bright lights shining down on this young man.  Me: "I love you!"  lol
8153	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a wonderful organizer for all the rechargable items in your life. I have 2 phones, bluetooth headset, my digital camera, & my handheld organizer in my organizer; always ready to go and in one spot so I don't have to remember which room they're charging in. The brown faux leather looks really nice and blends in with my furniture so it's not an eyesore.
- CA (cyanoacrylate) the stuff that superglue is made of but I recommend getting some real CA at any hobbystore. Get the "thin" stuff.
1445	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When it came, my first impression, as I took it out of the box, was that it seemed big, but that's mostly because of its configuration being mostly behind the ear.  I've been pleased with this device as it's extremely comfortable to use for extended periods of time and seems very secure on my head. Performance-wise, it's got very good sounding audio, both directions. This is my second Plantronics Bluetooth headset and I've also got a wired Plantronics earbud for my Blackberry. It seems to be a brand I can trust to give me consistently good results. Highly recommended.

The quality is good and I received it on time and in the advertised condition.
5087	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been a fan of the Palm OS for, well, as long as I can remember.  Some criticize how Windows Mobile seems to update more frequently, or make things look way cooler or whatever...does the LOOK of the program you use matter THAT much in the REAL World??  Nope.  Sure it'd be nice if Palm made regular upgrades in their software, but to be totally honest, the system is ridiculously simple to use and since it needs so little in the way of upgrades, I guess it makes sense to leave well enough alone.  But again, I know many who find Palm old, outdated or just not sophisticated enough and so have decided to go with Windows Mobile instead, which is fine...go with what works for you.  Let's get down to business:
90	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	what can i say? pretty much like all the travel chargers for my galaxy 2 phone. price was the best
2918	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it, looks like a mirror when screen is off and when screen is on picture is clear.  It kind of works like sunglasses.
It's a shame that this device performs so poorly. However, this does nothing to shake my faith in Plantronics corded headsets.
Overall, I am impressed and happy with my purchase.

1514	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They are comfortable, they pick up voice easily and well, the sound is great, and the design is so comfortable that you have to feel with your fingers to find out if they are on.

Cons:
My second phone I had for one day before it completely died and nothing I or tech support could do would allow it to be restarted.
5752	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Shipped on time;
4049	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This booster works really great on the rare occasions it actually works at all. It has a red light which is supposed to indicate that the antenna is too close to the box. I have the antenna as far away from the box as the wire permits, and when I turn the box on, the light shows green and the device works great... for about 15 minutes or so. Then the red light comes on for no apparent reason, and the device has to be unplugged and plugged in again to make it work again. So, this makes it pretty useless, because unless I just happened to plug the device in minutes before someone calls me, it won't be working.
The touch-sensitive wheel on the front is also a catastrophe of design. It looks cool, but is horrible to use. And because you'll often activate it while in the middle of a call, simply by raising or lowering the earpiece volume, you'll inadvertently invoke functions and applications you didn't mean to. This is because your face will brush against the phone as you are speaking, and if the wheel is activated, you'll do all kinds of weird things you didn't intend to -- launch the web browser, bring up an appointment calendar that will beep constantly in your ear, dial random people, etc. These things happen often.
- Takes about 10-15 seconds to get it on.

Issues: Upon the first charge it heated up my mp3 player when I charged it. I did charge it though and I used it again with supervision. The mp3 player doesn't feel warm when charging via usb wall charger. The 2nd and 3rd charge of my mp3 player went better; it did not heat up. On the second cycle (after recharging the IMP52D, iTorch external battery) the same thing happened - 1st charged warmed up my mp3 player (2nd, 3rd, ok). But this time I set my mp3 player on a cold sandstone coaster and it didn't seem to heat up as much. I set it on a glass table other times and that seemed to help as well. You might also recommend taking the product you are charging (if it has one) out of its case so it can cool easier.
Suggestion: Buy one extra screen and practice applying it.


622	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This thing has so many charge terminals on it! Its awesome. a normal person will never need this much awesomeness
3082	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My old cell phone battery was going out and my old Palm T5 battery was not holding a charge very well either so the Palm Treo 680 was a good choice for me.  It has the capabilities that I needed from Palm and also was a match for my AT&T service.
1505	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this headset even before I got to use it!  Poor build quality.  It felt comfortable, but I couldn't even charge it to use it.  The charger plug (where it plugs into the headset) is so tiny and horrible designed that it wasn't making a good connection with the contacts and wouldn't charge.  I'd much prefer a mini USB plug (which is somewhat standard in the mobile phone industry).
3985	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it's very good
However, this unit doesn't charge. I plugged it in using the provided adapter and charging indicator light goes on red (for a brief instant) and then turns green (again for a brief instant) and then goes blank. The headset doesn't get charged and I cant use it. I tried the provided USB cable with my computer - but again the same result.

1. It can only capture video clips of about 3 seconds, which isn't even longer enough for me to send a video to Motorola to tell them 'This phone is a piece of...' (click).
5592	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this phone because it had Walkman FM radio, too. This phone is pretty (I got the PINK one), lightweight, has lots of whiz-bang menu selections, but doesn't wow or impress me as much as the Samsung A737 or Samsung A747 models which I bought for my children. I listen to the radio a lot, more than MP3s and really thought this feature would be cool.  If you like effects, it has 16 settings for flashing light patterns customized for every caller.  It takes a day to find out how to set the patterns in all the menus....
3765	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I mounted this in my RV to provide power for my phone and tire pressure monitor.  It solves several problems at once and is small enough to not be in the way.  The right angle plug is a nice touch as the plug is just behind a cup holder that can cause space and power issues.  I would recommend this to others.
2790	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought two, but they sent three; took 4 weeks to get in mail, as they'd warned when purchasing; wrapped up to look like OEM, but I'm thinking it's a fake; people selling it certainly haven't responded to my complaints;  works no longer than my 4 and 6 year old OEM batteries scavenged from other folks dead Moto V3 RAZRs.  Wish I could give them NO STARS on this one.
8420	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I tried to adjust it to fit my ipod touch and the neck just fell apart and the tabs holding I-touch onto platform just peeled off with no brute force or fast movement. Barely lasted about 2 weeks-- that it... only adjusted it 3 or 4x and broke apart easily. would like to get refund but..... DO NOT buy from this vendor.. terrible quality product!
2994	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First, I'm a guy with large hands - when I position my thumb over the keypad, I cover up all of the keys - from both the 2 & # on down to the 0 and #. I've never had a mis-pressed key. But I've seen the "small keys" comments and that was my biggest fear in purchasing the phone. If you can use a cell phone - you'll be OK.
5. problem with microSD card staying firmly inserted, aftermarket purchased card (necessary for music or multiple pics) pops out
Pros:
6890	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good product y recommend good deal
Highly recommended!
7904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
2)  The KRZR is just as thin as the RAZR but is not as wide, thus making this an even smaller phone.  It's up to you to decide if this is too small for you, but I like it!
- take phone calls while listening to music

6528	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the best product on the market for the money, fast delivery, does what it says, easy to setup, great price, highly recommend
5513	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the perfect handsfree mount for my iPhone. the holder is adjustable so will fit phones of different sizes. very convenient.
2107	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for the Samsung Nexus as a replacement for the cord that split and was no longer working.  It fits perfectly, works perfectly and I'm thrilled!  It was certainly cheaper than buying the whole "car kit" again from XM.
agreed about bad for music, plan to use it for skype away from home but haven't tested the quality of the mic.
1.  quick attach and disconnect for switching shoes.  Very easy; much better than fussing with wrapping little velcro arms around laces.  Pull, turn, slide-out.
Cons:
Great battery life (with Bluetooth off)

Is it better than nothing? Sure. I'm also glad to see that the inside antenna can be upgraded without having to buy a new amplifier. I may do that, one day, but this kit meets my immediate needs.

6057	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased and have been using the iCarrier for about five months.  It has gotten me out of a number of dying phone jams, as well as helping friends whose phones were dying.  One day, I took my iCarrier out of my purse and it disappeared.  I looked all over the house and couldn't find it.  I then decided to buy the iTorch, which is less money that the iCarrier, since I didn't want to give up hope on finding the iCarrier.  The iTorch is great.  It's small so it fits in my smaller purse, and charges my iPhone just as quickly as the iCarrier.  I haven't timed how long it takes to charge or how long the iTorch holds a charge, but it's usually a few days before I have to charge the iTorch.  I tend to plug my phone into it when the battery is low and carry it around that way until I get home and then charge my iPhone normally.  The LED light is a great option to have, and has helped me find things in the bottomless pit that is my purse.  The laser pointer is also good if you're giving a presentation, or just to annoy friends and cats.  I like having those options, since you never know when you may need a light.  About a week after getting the iTorch, I found the iCarrier hiding underneath a tablecloth.  For now, I use the iCarrier in my larger purse and the iTorch in my smaller purse, but I'm sure when my son gets home from college he will pilfer the iTorch as he is always running out of battery on his iPhone.  These products are very well made, and work better than expected.  If you have any electronic gadget, you need to have this to help you always stay connected!
8186	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Nokia 5310, aka "The Music Xpress", is one nifty little phone! Sure, it's no iPhone, but if you want something that got just about as many bells and whistles for a little less money, you want this phone.
I get it, and it does well w/ the calendar and contacts from MS Lookout, but is unable to work with the music.  I have music in High resolution MP3s, but it can't read them.  It can't read wmas, which sync really nice-  I can't resize my MP3s to the smaller ones (see nokias great s/w).  All in all, it's been about 12 hours and I'm uploading some music that may or may not work, and takes entirely too much of the memory to hold it.




So if you're thinking about ordering this device, I'd recommend buying it. Just spend a little time getting the fit right and read the manual about how to adjust the ear loop which makes a huge difference.
The additional red laser pointer and flashlight are both useful and very convenient additional features, and once the instructions on their use were read and understood, were both fairly easy to use. The storage pouch was also a nice addition and helped with storing and transporting the iTorch.
9165	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	the connection cord is a mini usb and it broke on me the first week, i have no idea how to contact the company


The Plantronics was recomended by a friend and I am  very happy with it.
5534	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	At first I thought this seemed like a decent product for the money (very cheap, but at least functional).  After I started using the cover, I immediately had complaints about how bad my voice sounded, and I assumed it was my new phone.  I finally removed the cover, and suddenly my voice was crystal clear.  The problem was that this cover design is completely faulty due to the covering of the tiny microphone hole at the base of the phone.  And unfortunately if you use a small knife to cut out the hole, it will weaken the case and won't hold up.  The case itself tends to slip on the phone, and the appearance is uneven (some parts look white, others look dark due to how the material contacts the phone).  This cover is going in the garbage where it belongs.
Now for the good stuff, of which there is much to brag about with this phone. The camera: takes great shots, easily uploads to the computer for printing, fabulous zoom, and YES there's video with this phone!
5986	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this unit (along with the NT135 and IMP120D) as I travel a bit internationally and needed back up power for my two iPhones.  This unit has proven to be useful and reliable for recharging my phones when and as needed.
- Once it's directly in the ear, without the hook, the volume is GREAT.
===================
2211	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item holds my iPhone 3GS (with case) firmly as well as sticking to the windshield with no problems. The best phone holder I've ever had with it's low cost and excellent quality. I'm completely satisfied with the quality of the product, the cost, and it's ability to switch from windshield to vent holder. You don't wanna miss out on this item if you're browsing for car/phone mounts. A++
1216	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've previously owned a multitude of headsets, but let me tell you I was missing out until I bought a Jabra.
3556	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Thank You

UPDATE June 3, 2007/ I recently received a Jabra JX10 Bluetooth headset and expected it to be the Holy Grail of bluetooth headsets, but in spite of its great fashionable and light design and state of the art electronics, its sound quality is one class below this headset. Plantronics Voyager 510 is still the best/UPDATE
I only have a couple of minor gripes about this headset.  First Motorola went to a micro USB connector instead of a mini USB that was on the H700.  I don't know why they chose this because the reality is that the connector is not smaller, it just has fewer pins.  Yes you can get an adapter for $5 but I wish it came with it and a standard mini USB power adapter (like H800 does).  The AC adapter for the H710 has the micro adapter so it will just stay in the drawer (now that I have the adapter).  My second gripe is that the H710 only comes with a single size earhook.  It fits me just fine but my wife finds it to be just a little big.  The H800 came with three earhooks which I thought was nice.
So far I can only get them to work as stereo headphones.  In that respect, they sound very good.
very tricky to get the battery to charge the first time
9092	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect size portable charger! There is an adapter for charging tablets. It looks like a little usb extension but somehow charges the tablet. I have used this to charge an asus tf700, samsung galaxy note 10.1, and the nexus phone. Charges fast and is very portable. There is also a nice little carry case that comes with this as well. I'm not sure why there is a laser pointer and led light on this, but it sure doesn't take anything away from the product. The laser is nice and it is a good thing to have just i case you need it. Definitely worth the money!!
3) Peel back about an inch of the protective layer (with the grid on it) and carefully position the now sticky film onto the edge of the device's screen, making sure to line it up perfectly with the edge and corners.  The remainder of the protective layer should be curled back under the film but don't worry about that for the moment.
So far, so good.  We really like the Wildcard phone (and Virgin Mobile's pricing options are reasonable and not too much more expensive than the traditional plans).
BOTTOM LINE

2365	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	terribly uncomfortable and don't plan on using it in the car, all they will hear is the noise aroud you:(
I've had other batteries, but one thing I love about this one is its size. It is much smaller than a lot of other ones yet provides ample power for my devices. I don't feel like I need to make extra space in my gadget bag for this and its portability may be the best thing about it.

This is my third case by this design. Each one has lasted well over 2 years. I only have had to buy bigger recently to accomidate the newest phone and case.
1612	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have tried a few different bluetooth headsets, always looking for the Perfect Trifecta of (in order of importance): 1) great audio transmission quality in loud environments, 2) great audio reception (i.e. loud enough, no clicks or pops), and 3) comfort. The Plantronics 510 scores 5 stars for comfort, 5 stars for audio reception, but only 4 stars for audio transmission.

2762	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good
I should have read the reviews.  The screw holding the head in place gets loose.  But the screw is not a normal phillips head, it is an square head.  And if you find a proper square head screwdriver to tighten it, the screw itself breaks inside the plastic housing.
7334	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Glad  I have one I love it

I had considered this model and the Plantronics 510 from all the reading I'd done. I bought this unit over the Plantronics based solely on the promise of USB compatibility. So beware.

This device does not eliminate wires, but that's not the point of it.  It's designed to allow a phone user more flexible MUSIC use of their phone.  That job it does well.  I've only had it a couple days, but I'd gladly buy it again.
8582	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like this simple little device.  It simplifies the charging of my Blackberry Pearl 8100.  Some have mentioned the rather bright pilot light, but I find that it reminds me to put my phone in the charger before heading for bed at night.  I use the charger in my office, so the light is no problem.  Another feature is that the unit is small enough to pack and carry with me when I travel.  The quality if excellent.
5747	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	...not super easy to put on, doesn't last a long time.  Wouldn't buy again or recommend...there has to be a better option out there....?
8861	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is great to use when you traveling or when your iPhone is low on power but you can't be near an outlet. I think that the flashlight is superfluous, but the rest of the device is fantastic!
9703	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Work great.  Great deal.  Highly recommended.
Don't waste you're time buying a new battery,instead save up and buy a new phone! Trust me I did.
*CONS*

for the price, and you need to go much higher, (for this style of bluetooth headset) you cant beat them.

Cons -
3045	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	this item is defective and missing parts,is not as describe in the web,is something no right because no complete pieces
7035	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Been using this daily for a few weeks now. Fits a Blackberry or iphone 5S with Magpul case perfectly. The metal clip on the back connects to one or two rows of the three available PALS webbing. I found that I could clip to only the top row of webbing so the holster hangs a little lower, below the hem of my jacket. Heavy nylon and double stitching, I expect this to last for years.
6606	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We had no signal in the house and only a couple of bars outside.  Now we have 3 -4 bars in the house.  This product is a life saver. We found the instruction thorough and the instillation relatively easy. I would highly recommend this product!


It DOES work on a 220 network.

N95 vs.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sony-Ericsson-K850i/dp/B0010PM1HO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sony Ericsson K850i</a>
-The led Light is a handle tool to have.
The music interface is not bad.  I find it easier to just drag MP3's and unprotected (which means not bought from the iTunes Music Store) AAC's to the "My Music" file on the optional memory card and you are ready to rock.  One caveat though: the optional Motorola headphones in the V-Cast Music Essentails kit are worthless if you want to use them in anyplace that has any ambient noise.  They seat in your ear worse than iPod headphones, which makes it impossible to use them on, say, the bus.  What they were thinking, I'll never know.  Somone is going to make a mint making in-ear adapters; Motorola would be well advised to just offer a microphone/clip thing you can plug a pair of decent in-ears into in future.
I sent it back and purchased the Motorola 710, which does the job.

6804	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Beats mall pricing
7384	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I used it for about two hours but I couldn't stand the bubles between the screen and the screen protector. The more I tried to clean it the worst it got, so I tossed it that same day.
8779	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had ordered another case for $28 in addition to this one and ended up returning that one (the $28 one) because I felt that the minor quality differences were just not enough in comparision to this much cheaper case. Overall, the feel of it is very nice; only thing I don't like is the hole on the back, which is there for the belt-clip (which I haven't and don't plan on adding). I would say that this is a great find, I doubt you would be able to find another case like this for this price.
996	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Don't waste your money, don't even take them if there're free
* Built-in applictions include QuickOffice to read Microsoft Office files (DOC, PPT, XLS), Adobe Acrobat Lite reader (PDF), RealPlayer (most media files/streams), home screen "Search" applet to search the Internet and local content, various organizer apps (clock w/unlimited alarms, phonebook with unlimited entries, calendar w/unlimited meetings, todos, memos, reminders..), calculator, unit converter -- you get the picture.  Notably absent, though, is a Timer/Stopwatch application; however you can easily download a third party one (e.g. from Smartphoneware).

If you are looking for a functionaly headset, This is the one.
3085	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Good Stuff: Its an ok phone, has good call quality and really good battery life. Also takes really good pictures, specifially the color and tones of the pictures are very rich and almost look touched up. Looks cool, people that aren't that into phones think its something special. [...] has some good info on the phone.
First, the good.  The sound from this headset rocks!  The noise mitigating technology is great.  I work in computer data centers the noise level often fluctuates.  The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.  It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.
What You Should Know Before You Buy:

3676	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Perfect for use and need of cell phone that had to replace. I have no other comments other than great buy..
Headset sometimes slides around my ear.  There are no foam adapters to customize a good fit like those that come with some other Plantronics bluebooth headsets.

Would I get another Jabra? I may, if I had to. But if I had to tell you about getting it for this phone, I am not so sure. Whether it is the Microsoft platform or the device it runs on, the end result is the same. Getting the Jabra to talk to my PPC-6700 phone has been one of the least plug-and-play experiences I've had in a very long time.


I realized after using a smaller charger, that something with more charge capacity was going to be a huge benefit.


-there are unwanted noise (humming, clicking, etc.) through the earpiece
* The STUPID flashing blue light!  I live in a fairly rural area, and when I'm driving down the road at night the light is so distracting that I've had to take it off.  You can cover it with tape or something, but who wants to do that to an otherwise attractive headset.  This particular niggle doesn't seem to be nearly as annoying in well lit environments, so it might not make a difference to some people.
One star is off because there is a small learning curve with each new device and these sheets certainly don't fit into the mantra of instant gratification.  But for those who don't mind a "roll your own" solution, these are fantastic.
8044	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE October 12, 2009

3) The unit is kind of like those watches that use one button for multiple purposes. The button on each part does something different depending on how long you hold down the button. After a couple of days I got the hang of of, but the button on the transmitter is so small, that I have to stop doing anything but holding the button down to turn it off.
My solution was to buy a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jabra-BT250v-Bluetooth-Headset-with-Vibrating-Alert-Retail-Packaged/dp/B0007UC5U6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jabra BT250v Bluetooth Headset with Vibrating Alert [Retail Packaged</a>], after which I had no problems.
6921	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought these batteries for a multi-function Suunto watch I've got, & so far I'm happy with them. The generic batteries that came with the watch when I first bought it lasted about 3 years, (with moderate use of the watch's functions), so we'll see how these batteries hold up to generics, heh. Right now it's 4 stars because even though these are DEF. the cheapest I've seen these batteries go for, I could "pay" for that later. Let's just say that this rating is just temporary & my REAL rating will be posted when I've seen how good these batteries really are. :-P
I also didn't want just a wireless headset with a lifter on a normal phone. I wanted a portable phone with wireless headset. Oh! The Calisto!
6321	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Nice looking product, but poor quality materials.  My holster is coming apart in a couple of places after light use.  The seams are not coming undone; the actual material is falling apart.
**********NOTE: instead of always buying a new car charger for your latest, greatest cell phone and adapters for your newest laptop, simply buy a power inverter which plugs straight into your vehicle's cigarette lighter. Make sure it has a built-in surge protector. Voila! Vehicular power utilizing your "home" charger (cell) or plug (laptop). The best plug directly into the cigarette lighter socket without a cord (the units can get hot, a cord can allow the unit to move all over in the car.) Can power many other things, too...can't find one labeled "surge protector" on amazon, but BB sells them.


6. Comes with multiple earpieces for comfort.
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.

You should try the ProClip mounts. They are the best. They are made specific to match your device and car. You buy the device holder and then the car mount that is made specifically for your vehicle. They are wonderful. I bought a set for my iPhone 3G. I Love my ProClipUSA mount.

4. Five stars for re-charge time

7710	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Programming was OK, not easy but not very difficult.  Seems to be more durable than the remote that came with the alarm, had problems with the metal frame holding the battery to stay soldered on the remote electronic base.  Had remote for a month with no problems, would recommend.
The final decision came down to Blueant Z9 or Aliph Jawbone. After countless reading of user reviews, it seemed that many people complained that the Jawbone was uncomfortable (though a modification was available) and some complained of poor voice isolation. The BlueAnt Z9 seemed to have mostly excellent reviews except for "customer service" reviews (poor).


I am not impressed with the build quality, externally it is obviously built with Radio Shack parts. Common box, meter, switch all stock parts with a custom printed back plate.
All you have to do is place the device anywhere you want.
7898	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works
1272	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	O.K. when pairing with Samsung Bluetooth D807 (?) cell phone but couldn't with a Nokia.
SYNC: The Dash and my Outlook are always in sync with each other.
Things I wish the Voyager had that the 820 has......it's lighter, the command button is better, it's not as big over the ear, I just seem to forget that I'm wearing the 820. The Voyager I tend to know I'm wearing it, where as the 820 I forget it's on me.
Durability: I carry this around in my jacket pocket most of the time and it holds up well.  I do find myself accidentally turning it on when I lean against something, but I just need to be more careful.
A little pricey but well worth it! Get it!

3540	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great . Should have bought it a year ago.
4732	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this headset with high expectations.  I took my time.  I compared and contrasted.  I read all the reviews.  I thought I had made a great purchase.
9460	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am pleasantly surprised by how well this product works!  I've only had it up one day, and I may update depending on the system's longevity, but so far so good!  We are fortunate enough to have a home with a Radiant Barrier and Dual Pane Windows.  Unfortunately, both of those disrupt cell service.  Just outside, 3+ bars.  Inside?  Some rooms with No Signal (kitchen, bedroom), and other's with 1 bar and spotty coverage.  Mounted antenna outside, ran cable (the only hard part), connected, powered on, and 30 seconds later 5 bars within 2 feet of indoor antenna.  Now, we have cell signal of at least 2 bars, if not more, in EVERY ROOM of our home.  Worth.  Every.  Penny.
5635	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great!!!
The case barely closed, and the magnetic snap would obviously pop open every few minutes.  (But not to worry, the phone won't get lost, because it takes two hands and two minutes to remove the phone from the case.)
6555	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	As always, Amazon is amazing in making returns and high customer satisfaction. My problem is not with them, but this device. It simply DOES NOT WORK. I contacted weBoost expert technical support and verified that everything was installed and operating properly. I have my phone set to show db numbers, not bars, and there was virtually NO CHANGE in the signal. Not even 1 single db boost. I bought the additional 12" antenna and tried both the supplied and additional antennas, but it made no difference whatsoever. I have a Dodge Mega Cab truck with a metal-roof ground plane the size of most entire vehicles, so that was definitely not the problem either.

- Crystal clear calling
7775	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After owning multiple older Motorola models and a Plantronics (dumped that one in a day), this 710 is the "Best of the Bunch".  Folks that I speak with find it much easier to understand me, and the noise cancellation feature must work a bit, because regular road noise is no longer complained about.  Still, if a diesel truck is nearby, folks will hear it.  I wonder about the new 715?  Would like to give it a try too.  My son has a 710 also, and I do get some echo when speaking with him.  I am leery about trying the Jawbone, have heard too many fit issues.
4623	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This product look great out of the box but a month later the nylon loops that hold the clip and the belt loop is unraveling and  part of the nylon is loose and flapping. this won't last another month.
3)  The reception is much better than other phones, i.e., LG, Sony-Ericsson, etc., that I have had in the past.
9802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We were sick of being awakened in the middle of the night and trying to find out which of the darn fire alarms was squeaking. Now we sleep through the night with no worries----for the next few years anyway!!!  When any of the six or seven alarms start in again, we will get enough to replace them all again.  The piece of mind is worth it.
Update: 9/25/12.
With it had the same mini USB charging connection that the H700 has, so I could use my existing car charger, which also matches my BlackBerry.
4677	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this for my boyfriend... The case fit his phone well but the clip started to pull away from case in 2 weeks
* No 3G or Wi-Fi
I'd attach pics but it looks like Amazon only lets you attach a video and I'm too lazy.
6482	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	In 4 months I will open & use it for the 1st time
The battery is small enough (~1.5x3.5 inches) to fit in a small bag on my top tube along with my phone, energy bars, gels, etc. The matte black finish feels clean and helps me keep ahold of it even with sweaty hands. I sometimes ride at night and, while I have my own headlight, its nice to have a battery with me that has its own light. I'm not sure how I would detach my zip tied on light if I needed to change a tire, but the battery flashlight is more than adequate for that.
6366	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Still using this cover today. Had two other phones since I bought this unit . Holding up well and shows like wear. Unlike others I have had.


- Of the 100 MP3's I tried to sync, only half got transferred... and the rest generated generic errors. There doesn't appear to be any rhyme or reason for the failures.

3313	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly!
9006	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My first impression upon opening the box was "wow, this is cool." I haven't been disappointed yet with it. After I got over how cool it looked and how it felt like it was meant to be held in my hand, I plugged it in to charge over night so I could get started using it in the morning. I have no idea how long it took to charge that night, but later I noted that it took about 6 hours to reach a full charge.

401	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described, wonderful battery life.
7511	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	We tried it out to see if it would be adequate enough to help us replace our home phone service. The fact that you have to dial a code out to select a line made it a deal breaker for us as it might make it too complicated for guests or babysitters. I could understand it if the unit is connected to a POTS line but you have to do this even if you don't have one. The X-link unit will automatically select the first available cell phone that's connected to it and that's what we ended up with. This unit is primarily designed to help you answer your cell phone while at home and it does so at a reasonable price. There are some compatibility issues with some phones. Worked fine with my iPhone but not so good with my wife's Samsung A737. It worked initially but once disconnected it had a difficult time reconnecting.

2962	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm not sure if I would wear this in public, but I got this because of the good reviews it received with regard to sound quality & noise cancellation. Sound is crsytal clear & deep. I got it to work with the Sony Bluetooth adapter, Sony Vaio laptop, my Nokia cell phone, & my iPod Touch. A big plus is that you can use it as a passive headset by plugging in a 3.5 mm audio cable. It's a good idea to purchase the carrying case to protect it while transporting or storing.

The other good music option with great phonecall voice quality is the Motorolla S9.
GPS (comes w/ Nokia maps as well, but download Google Maps for free. It's better). At cost, you can add voice-guided directions as well.
I have disconnected both units and the signal strength at my desk is at 2 bars without a booster. (Intermittently of course but good enough and better than with the boosters in place). I of course, lose my signal in the basement, but the boosters didn't provide me with better signal strength either so for me, it's not a loss.

The only drawback is actually small QWERTY buttons, but - (1) the phone is smaller than those "monsters" with big buttons, and (2) after 1 day I got used to it. Teens would be absolutely OK with that size.
On the other hand, most of the fancy features that Motorola brags about don't work. The auto turn-on feature was very hit or miss. Sometimes it would come on, sometimes not. Often it would come on when I didn't want it to, and steal my phone calls while I was in the house. This would even happen RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF A CALL!!! That got real aggravating real quick. The voice dialing NEVER worked right, and it involves so many tiered steps, getting ANY of them wrong will cause you to have to start over from the beginning again. I never bothered with the reading of text messages.
-Frequency range of the headset isn't fantastic. The sound quality of it is good, but not superb. This is more of a problem with Bluetooth than with the headset itself, though.

don't buy this device...get a cheaper hub with more slots, or a 3.0 hub with more features.
Great product. I'd recommend it to anyone needing a business phone.
this will not be my first time :)
Well, not quite, but it DOES reduce background noise for the person on the other end of the connection, NOT you. I tried switching from noise reduction enabled to disabled while standing within earshot of a busy expressway). My calls could all hear the background noise when noise reduction was enabled (the default state), but disabling it caused the noise they heard to be so great they couldn't understand me. I can't say that noise reduction was 100%, but it was pretty darned good.
5335	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Have had this phone for a month. The battery life is awful and I have to dial out a call 3 times for it to go through. Also the earpiece quality is not that great and people on the other end of the call says it sounds like im in a tunnel when im talking to them. I used to always buy nokia phones buy lately they've been poorly reliable. The only good thing about this phone is the camera, but i didn't buy the phone to take pictures, i bought it to make calls.
Seems like a no brainer to order from the IMAXPOWER website when you get more for less,  plus you can pay by credit card or PayPal.
Battery checked fine.
3511	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product but dust gets in the button hole.


812	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	1 year update - I use these way more than I ever thought I would. I sweat in them on long runs, I wear them driving to talk (one ear only, obviously), and I wear them around the house listening to podcasts. They have never failed to pair, they have never sounded bad.

3883	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great shower head! Being 6' 2" I am far to used to bending over to get my head in the line of water fire as it were. This helps to alleviate this issue with the arm angling upward. The size of the showerhead is also amazing, great coverage area with a lot of nozzles (?) to spray a good amount of high pressure water.

785	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Water tight. Shipped quick. Thanks
We ja r a phone case that's REALLY thick, and makes it hard to plug most headphone cords into because they can't reach far enough into the cases hole to seat fully in the headphone socket.
902	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Simple, no frills, and the quality is bad.  I use Bluetooth headphones for my workouts. The audio breaks up a lot and every phone call I've taken on these... It drops the call after 30 seconds of any conversation.

525	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good
Also included is equipment to be used if you want to mount the antenna to the outside of your building or onto a pole. I'm glad I didn't have to worry about that.  All in all I'm happy with the SignalBoost DT, though I have to take away a star for the high price tag. There are cheaper alternatives on Amazon but I cannot vouch for their effectiveness.  This is a big chunk of change just to get better cell reception, but if you really need it then you'll be glad you purchased the SignalBoost DT.
Although I do not recommend the iTorch for a tablet, it is a sleek minimalistic backup battery that is perfect for phones.
9948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very Good!
1470	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The reviews available on this product from the amazon website really helped me make a great decision. This model may not be the "latest" technology but it's enough for me. I only use it in the car because of all the issues that have been raised about driving safety. I feel better with both hands on the wheel, both eyes on the road. I'm not a device geek but this really works for me and the few requirements i have. Simple to use, I set it up in 10 min max. Fits fine, but I do activate the connection before i go down the road because the buttons are small and can be difficult to activate if you already have it behind your ear.
I ordered the car charger and ac wall charger for my Samsung BlackjackII phone.
Fit - stays on confortably and they give 3 earphone-like inserts (perfect)
1. First, they are extremely easy to install, unlike the plastic film protectors, they are easy to line up, and you get no bubbles.
my conclusion is, its appearance is cool but not durable.
4434	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently ordered two batteries for our cell phones.  I got them before the date stated (good job!).  We discovered that these batteries didn't hold a charge any longer than our 'old' batteries that we replaced.  I contactd customer service and told them my delema ...they were on it immediately, and shipped us 2 new batteries within a matter of days!  These ones are keeping their charge.  The price is right, and the Customer service is amazing!  Thanks!
8917	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Here is my detail review first time.

1672	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have always used Platronics corded headsets so my preference when looking for a Bluetooth headset was again Plantronics.  I did not like the rubber Q-Tip-like earpiece of the Jabra although the sound quality was very good.  I always liked the foam earpiece of the Plantronics corded headsets so I chose the Voyager 501.

1301	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	One of the first high quality Bluetooths made - still one of the best, IMHO
2922	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	A bit tough to put on. Thick is great for durability but makes it impossible to use with case and have no bubbles. looks great on until it gets used the. Smudges and scratches are all you notice plus not easy to see In bright conditions


595	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This phone is ugly and heavy and has a terrible user interface even for techies like myself.  It also drops calls like crazy here in Manhattan.  The Moto V600 is a much better phone, takes better pictures, gives you better clarity and reception, is smaller, and is much, much cheaper.  Get the Moto V600 if you want T-Mobile.  Stay away from this ugly monster.
Again, solidly built, doesn't add hardly any weight to my gear bag, it holds a charge, and works well for my needs.
- Universally compatible
1868	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Yummy in a cup.  Love you Foldgers!
8217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This cover has the thinness that I was looking for.  It doesnt cover the bezel like the more expensive cases, but at 1/5 the price it's a bargain.  The inside is shiny smooth but doesn't scratch the phone.  The outside has a slight tacky feel to it, but passes the pocket test (easy to slide in/out) unlike those yucky silicone cases.  It fits snug, the phone doesn't slide around inside the case.  BTW, this product is made in Korea, not China, which indicates that it's not a cheap throwaway cover.
First I ordered this product and received it the next day, thats impressive since its from a third party shipper not amazon.


6634	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Ok, I wanted it to work because I needed it.  I have an older home with thick plaster walls that effectively block my cell phone signal completely.  I use my cell as my only phone so I need it to work at all times.  I can get three bars if I step out on my front porch but as soon as I go inside and close the door- no bars.  So, I thought this would be perfect because it would grab the outside signal and bring it inside where I needed it.  Well I went through the trouble of hooking it all up- getting the two green lights and following all the conditions detailed in the instructions.  It did NOTHING- had no effect whatsoever-  I began to feel like I got scammed.  I am returning it.  The outdoor antenna box feels like an empty piece of plastic- I wanted to look inside but probably would not be able to return it if I did.  I've read the reviews about there needing to be a signal to amplify- that's why I checked the signal outside.  Maybe it does work for some people just not for me.
Overall, I am very pleased with this device. I did notice that there is a perceptible signal delay of between a quarter- and a half-second introduced by the Bluetooth connection (not sure which of the two devices accounts for the lion's share of this delay). Although the delay was initially annoying (almost like watching a foreign-language channel dubbed in English), I became unaware of it after a few minutes. I suspect that any pair of Bluetooth devices would introduce a perceptible signal delay due to the nature of the technology (i.e., there's lots of digital signal processing involved), so I don't think it would be fair to reduce my rating on the basis of this shortcoming. The only meaningful limitation I have come across so far is that the device does not operate while it is charging (hence four stars instead of five). This may prove to be a non-issue for me if the advertised battery life (7 to 8 hours of actual use) turns out to be accurate. I'll update this review if I find that the battery life falls short of Jabra's claims.

If all you are just want to prevent scratches, and you don't mind buttons being hard to press, this case might work for you, but if that's the case, I would buy one of the <$2 (shipped) silicone cases.

3718	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are great little auxiliary chargers! I've got two in my Highlander. Because the wire comes out at 90, I've got one mounted up front on the passenger side of the transmission hump, plugged in to the front socket, and the cord is completely tucked away. Then in the back, I use my back sock to power my 2nd one that I have mounted right below the rear passenger air controls.
4668	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This product was great for about a month. If ur a person who uses their phone alot, this is not good for u. The belt loop is sewn on, soooooo, after holstering and reholstering ur trusty ear toy, it weares quickly. Now I have the galaxy note2 with the otterbox defender case, mite not wear so quickly, if u just have the bare phone, it still shouldnt shred like it did though


Another serious problem was a super bright LED on the unit.  It is bright enough to leave trails on your vision and endanger everybody during night driving.  Clearly nobody at clarion had a functioning brain cell when that LED was spec'd.  Maybe it can be dimmed?  I put black tape over it.
  The description says it can be used to charge the iPad 2, so that was the first thing I tried it on. For not being specifically designed to charge something with a ten hour battery life, it did amazingly well. The iTorch adds another five hours screen time to the iPad 2.
For the problem where the mic gets blocked, I've noticed that the more horizontal I make it, the more it sits off the face.  If I turn it so that it is more vertical it moves the mic closer to the skin.  But that'll vary by user due to ear shape.
As the title says MORE THEN I EXPECTED!

not having a touch screen is actually helpful so don't have to worry about smudges on the screen. camera and camera app sucks, but that's expected.



*range, range, range! this is a huge one for me. if i have to keep my phone within 6 feet of me all the time, what's the point?

I would give this 10-stars if possible.
I don't have trouble with dropping calls very often, but range, signal strength and dead zones have always been a problem. With this Drive 4G-S booster installed and working, that problem has virtually been eliminated. With my minor reconfiguration, entry into the backseat is no problem and the weBoost Drive 4G-S Antenna Booster works just as advertised. Highly recommended!
4190	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Quite simply, the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset totally rocks!  Believe me, I've gone through quite a few Bluetooth headsets in the last couple of years, and so I have quite a few to compare this one to.
4724	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this unit 1 year ago and have plenty of experience with it. Initially when I opened the box it was very impressive. 4 ear loops 4 snap on ear pieces looked like it was made out of metal. Claimed outstanding noise reduction and great battery life + a fancy looking charger. Once I began using it I found that after 2 days the ear loop spring gets loose and the ear piece starts swinging wildly on your ear. In another week the snap-on ear piece fell off and got lost, ok so I have 3 more, now I know why, but they are all different size. After a year the ear loop broke, ok I have 3 more, but they are all different size and different ear. The charger pulled the back off the unit after about 6 month and I was just being real careful with it since then making sure the guts don't fall out. But wait, at least I have great noise reduction technology, which basically sounds like a metallic squeaky voice - ditto that. Only good news is that it sounds pretty good as a basic headset thought a little quiet.. Final opinion a big waste of $120 + tax.
6937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My battery on my watch (Tag Heuer) died and I needed to replace it. This battery fit perfectly and now works like new. I would recommend grabbing some of these for a replacement in a watch.
This phone has a couple of minor annoyances: One is that it won't set the time from the network. Other GSM phones I've used lately have done that. You have to set it each time you turn it on. Also, the charger is unlike any other Motorola charger tip I've ever seen. I just assumed it was a mini-USB or the older style Motorola with the clip and push-button, but it's not. You'll always have to carry a charger  when you plan to be away longer than the battery should last. Finally, the headset jack is shared with the charger, and is therefore completely proprietary. That seems odd in 2008 in the age of Bluetooth and 2.5mm mini jack standards. But, then Motorola seems to be on a proprietary-everything bender the last few years. Ok, so the iPhone has a proprietary jack (4 connector stereo 3.5mm) but it's excusable since it's a music player, includes the head set, headsets are readily available and supports Bluetooth.
** Make sure you don't buy the fake ones from ebay/else where.  With no tax/shipping, this amazon price is still one of the best price for this out there.

2094	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this one 2 years ago, it still work well, battery life is good and I recharge it once a week, it can be charged on car too.

5. Although it seems very light and gentle in my hands, it handles everyday folding and switching between my shirt pocket and both my ears very well.

2) The headband is not adjustable and my ear feels bruised after wearing them for an hour. The time I wore them all day at work won't be repeated.

298	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery works as good as the zero lemon 8500 battery. I ordered another one. Box has 7800 battery, 5% off next amazon order coupon, two back covers one plastic and one rubber for cell phone, and a screen protector.
  I can go on and on, but you said to  keep it short :). Thanks for a beautiful, well built, much needed product.


-the cable they provide works both for charging the battery and the phones.
2038	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works better than my other Motorola Bluetooth Headset.  Turn on and off much easier.  Occationally, other people can not hear my voice well.
No problem with the size and the feature-set is typical of other similar units I have owned. But the speakers have a tinny sound and too many people complain about reverberation and echo from their end (they hear themselves). I will keep trying to make this work but thus far I believe that my previous Jabra freeway performed much better.
4032	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Adquiri este producto de la Tienda Amazon porque me parece la mas confiable aunque a veces es mas costoso el producto. Me llego en su blister original de Nokia ensamblado en Mexico. Es excelente, se conecta al puerto USB, cargas tu telefono mientras trabajas en la pc y listo en 1 o 2 horas esta full la carga y ni cuenta te das. Asi no tienes que andar buscando algun enchufe ni el aparatoso cargador de pared. Por supuesto que la carga varia dependiendo de lo bajo que este la bateria. Probe con mi Nokia E71 con una sola rayita y lo cargo en 4 horas. Por lo general cargo mi Nokia cada 2 0 3 dias dependiendo del uso que le de, pero es excelente este cargador. Cabe en cualquier bolsillo y es un producto original NOKIA que protegera tu telefono NOKIA.
1717	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased three of them in 2 weeks.  The phone is great, but they all have the same problem:  the battery doesn't stay firm in its place and the phone turns off every 5 minutes.
5034	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The cable is crooked and pieces of plastic are still on the female end around the connection.  It would be nice if the controls on the earphones worked with this extension cable.  Sound is acceptable.

- Charging plug always feels like it's going to snap.
6619	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have tried every way I know how to get the system to work but to no avail.  I had someone string the line into the adjoining room to be sure one box was at least 20 diagonal feet away from the other box.  I have spend move than an hour, 2 different times trying to get the 2 lights to be green.  One will be green for a second as I am moving it but the box cannot sit in the air.
3973	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this product based on a CNET recommendation.  CNET has been a reliable source for most of my technology purchases.  This however, was a disappointment.  The unit does not eliminate sound effectively, volume controls are "mushy," the microphone/on off switch will not stay retracted, resulting in a constantly discharging battery.  It did pair easily, and the voice activated controls worked well.  I would not purchase another, and would advise others to avoid this model.
7686	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works great.
bt is new to me, and it takes about 45 mins to figure out how to hook up, initial setup includes the phone and bt name and passcode, once it's done, I have to connect bt serial port to "hook up", once it's connected, I can use the phone as a modem or run pc suite (both tools can be found at nokiausa.com)
Some of you probably want to know about how it charges.  I use mine quite a bit for both personal and business, and it isn't rare for me to wear out the charge before the day is out.  I've only managed to drain my Jawbone twice, and it charges so quickly that I was able to use it again within an hour or so.  It comes with a cable that can charge through an electrical outlet or a USB port on a PC.  It does not have a car charger, but since I have a power inverter for my car, I can simply use it to charge it while driving should the need arise, so this isn't a deal breaker for me.
1900	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I used these headphones with the HTC Advantage 7501 and it worked very well.  The sound was very good and the controls worked as advertised.  However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.  Motorola said they don't sell the ear pads separately and apologized for the inconvenience.  They were a bit uncomfortable with the ear pads so obviously without one the headphones were unusable.  Seems like a design flaw to me and I feel a bit ripped off.  If you do decide to purchase this product I would immediately glue them in place.
8018	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to use on my jeep wrangler. Mounted an Everhart 3' double wound antenna on it and it's just right. The spring is stiff enough that it doesn't wobble in the wind, but it will give if you run though the trees or up under your garage door. I like it alot.
-You can start the phone up by tapping the End key at the Cingular fireball logo during the startup, (or interrupt the startup at cingular logo), which boots around the scripting.
Overall this is a great phone and I would recommend it for anyone who wants a compact smart phone.  From reading other reviews people have said that the phone freezes but I think that was maybe in the first phones that came out.  I got mine for Christmas and haven't had any problems with it so far. I LOVE IT!!!
6078	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch IMP52D is about 2 times the width of an iPhone 4S and about 1/2 inch short. It feels very well made and light enough to where you won't notice it too much in your pocket. I recently took a trip to Vegas and used this on the plane to keep my iPad charged while playing some Fieldrunners. It was able to keep me in business throughout both planes rides and while I was at the hotel. I never did a full charge from 0% so I can't speak to how many charges you can get out of this, but I can say it was very nice to be able to carry around with me just in case my phone was low while I was out and about. This does not come with a wall charger, but you can use any usb charger you have. It does take several hours to get a full charge, and you can use the laser or flashlight while its charging, although I'm not sure why you would. The flashlight is decent and provides enough light to get around. The laser is a lot better than I was expecting, just like a normal laser pointer, although I don't really have a use for it personally. Overall I prefer this over the larger IMP500 for quick trips mainly because of the size of the unit. If you need more power, for longer, I'd recommend the larger units.
(may have forgotten to mention some things)

4) it lasts a long time on a charge. Never had it run out.
I should've bought the plantronics.
818	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	One of the best and longest lasting headsets I've used. One side doesn't work anymore but I assure you it's from my personal abuse of the device.  Wouldn't hesitate to purchase again.




5399	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If ever there was a case you wanted to just drop your Blackberry into a pod to charge and not worry about messing with cables or plugs, this is the case. It sits perfectly in the pod and charges every single time.
4213	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just purchased the Jawbone this week. I did quite a bit of research before buying. I tend to be pretty skeptical of Bluetooth headsets. I currently own about 6 of them. Two different models of Plantronics, 2 models of Jabra, and 2 models of Motorola. This particular headset was of interest to me because I have a loud car (corvette) and none of my other headsets do an adequate job of cutting out the road and engine noise.

9230	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	liked it
Usablity as a phone: Depends.
8970	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The device saved me on the very first day, for some reason my ipad didn't charge overnight and I didn't have my charger at my desk. My ipad was at 40% in a short while. The itorch is a small and yet powerful backup battery. It does everything that it says and comes with a couple extras; a nice carrying back and extra cables. I would not hesitate to recommend this product. If you pay more for another similar device you have been swindled!
Most comparisons of these phones therefore center around the camera functionality (e.g. PhoneArena.com, GSMArena.com, and Mobile-Review. Com all have head-to-head comparison reviews of the two).  In summary: As far as camera phones go, these are as good as you get; they are both comparable to mid-range pocket cameras.  The k850i has an advantage indoors, because it has a real Xenon flash in addition to the LED autofocus assist beam.  However, in general, it has more "washed out" color reproduction than the more vivid N95; and it only supports video recording in QVGA (320x240) resolution compared to the N95 VGA (640x480).
I have had several of these and they grow legs and disappear before they get worn out or torn up.
2- In my situation, the coverage area dramatically drops as soon as I'm out of the 3 foot radius of the base unit. As soon as I'm about 10 feet from the base unit, the signal will drop to zero bars on my phone (Palm Pre) and the phone will intermittently switch to Roaming. (This also occurs with an HTC Touch Pro 2 as well).
While I haven't tested it's speed against other cables I doubt it outperforms any other OEM cable but it works and that's all I asked for of it.


Big Thanks to New Trent
Pros:

The cons---the charging cable to charge it. It feels flimsy but is still holding up after at least 30 uses and shows no sign of wear.

First, the good.  The sound from this headset rocks!  The noise mitigating technology is great.  I work in computer data centers the noise level often fluctuates.  The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.  It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.
6)  The KRZR takes an optional MicroSD memory card.  I have a 2GB memory card in my phone with over 200 songs on it and the memory card is less than half full.
The one downside is that the AC adapters are prone to failure.  Phonopreamps.com seems to know this, since their lifetime warranty on the preamp excludes the adapter, which is instead warranted for 60 days.  Expect to make a trip to RadioShack for a new AC adapter in 6 months to a year.
1834	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off. The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem. After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center, they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable "due to customer abuse." I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage (unless using it to make phone calls counts as "customer abuse"), but got the same comment, without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation. It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty. You'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works. After that, you're on your own.
9857	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great holder for music or GPS modes. Landscape position works perfectly viewing all Buttons are easily accessed, with the speaker uncovered, you can hear phone calls clearly.
Or, does this mean that I got money back?

If you are one person in search of good headset, believe me, you are not alone! There has always been a great challenge in finding a good headset.
Built-in Laser Pointer (great for presentations or playing with your kitty)
Design
2479	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This item is a little heavy and i wouldn't recommend wearing it for long periods of time. It hurt my ears after a while but it does work.
Most recent Headsets I've used:
DO NOT USE THESE WHILE WORKING OUT OR RUNNING.  They are not sweat proof.  After running, then working out, the earbuds began to malfunction, and stopped working for the remainder of the day.  They would not turn on.  After a day sitting, they finally worked normally.
3. Five stars for talk time and stand bye time
7955	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work
2 - The noise and hum is unbearable

The advantage this gives over just USB cabling into your phone is this program allows you to access the memory of the phone, while a cable only lets you touch the memory card.  Also, it has a very nice interface for converting video and images into the format and size the phone will accept.  One thing I caution is based off of reading the reviews on Motorola's site - confirm your phone can work with this before buying!  Apparently there are several more popular phones that this does not work with.  I have a new Razr VXXX and it works fine.
7746	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Folks
When 2 replcements arrived, BOTH were DOA too !!!
5436	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this item from Amazon about 2 months ago. Was promptly delivered.
8720	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was an extremely good purchase.  Looked better than OEM and was cheaper.  Order a few, you'll thank yourself for it.
4393	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	As far as I can tell the reusable part is misleading. I did the first phone perfectly fine, but the second phone had a piece of dust blow in behind the cover. I was unable to "clean" the cover. Maybe reusable is talking about the phone, or should be removable. In any case I recommend getting a couple of these just in case. They are usually cheap compared to shipping and handling to get a second if the installation doesn't go perfectly.
These settings work for me, along with some other modifications, like disabling the "Message Sent" after a text message is sent.  Which you can not do unless you modify the registry.  Just Google "MDA Hacks" and you'll find out how.  (.cab files are the easiest)
2282	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great audio quality, VERY comfy to wear for even long periods of time, and VERY handy to charge (uses the same charger as either our Motorola RAZR or Audiovox 5600 Smartphone.)  Not sure how much difference the DSP makes, as I never had a bluetooth headset before this one, but callers rarely notice I'm on the road.
I have a Samsung Galaxy Note II and was looking for a vertical holster. It's a large phone and awkward to carry on your person. I tried a horizontal holster which was just too big (it was designed for a phone with an Otterbox).

I really don't have much expectation about BT headsets after doing some extensive research. Common complaints: 1. Not comfortable; 2. Audio not good or not loud enough; 3. The other side hear static; 4. Poor BT pairing.
###############
6192	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect size portable charger! There is an adapter for charging tablets. It looks like a little usb extension but somehow charges the tablet. I have used this to charge an asus tf700, samsung galaxy note 10.1, and the nexus phone. Charges fast and is very portable. There is also a nice little carry case that comes with this as well. I'm not sure why there is a laser pointer and led light on this, but it sure doesn't take anything away from the product. The laser is nice and it is a good thing to have just i case you need it. Definitely worth the money!!


For a handyman that has a decent set of tools, the install is no big deal. However for many people, drilling a whole through the wall, drilling holes on the roof to add a mounting bracket etc is a bit much. We were lucky in that we had one handyman that does work for us that could do it all.  If we  had to use the indoor mount or rig something outside, it would have been a deal breaker (inside b/c we couldn't get any connectivity worth talking about, outside b/c the cable needs to connect the antenna to the signal module).
5167	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been using the Jabra for about 3 months, in anticipation of the California hands-free law. While I like the slim, sleek design, I would prefer a couple of big buttons instead of the single one. It took me a while to learn the difference between the "press" and the "tap", so I was transferring calls to the handset when I meant to hang up. And I never did get the right pressure for answering. I rigged my phone to have the Jabra answer automatically after two rings -- MUCH better and much safer!
7680	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had this phone for almost a year. Phone performs perfect as a phone. As an intertainment device is rather dull. Speaker sound is mediocre. Camera quality is low, similar to iPhone. I replaced it with Nokia E71 this January - definetely an improvement. Though most of functionality of E71 exists on this phone and it is smaller and a lot cheaper!
The battery is another item that people tend to give bad reviews on. That may be why Verizon is currently offering a 60 dollar battery for 19 dollars. Supposedly the extended battery will give double the time which as I understand it from other users is about 2 days.

2. VGA camera that only works outside in bright light with all this limitations why even have it?  If you want to buy camera phone this is not for you.

7595	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	very practical and plugs almost all over the world.
8935	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I waited eagerly and anxiously to receive my new iTorch IMP52D and once received, it was well worth the wait. It came already half-charged and I charged it fully overnight. The following morning, I used it to re-charge my iPhone5 whose battery was only 50% charged and within one and a half hours it was fully charged after connecting to the iTorch IMP52D. The process was simple and extremely easy to execute and after the half-charge, the remaining power in the iTorch was still showing as high (three lit LED indicator lights).
5 stars!
9697	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good price

7621	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a BlackBerry 88xx and I, like so many that buy these things, keep our lives in them.  It keeps me in touch with everyone from friends, to work, to family.  Email, IMs, txt messages, tasks, calendar, notes, passwords.  I didn't know a phone could do so much.
He has made comments that he likes the Motorola brand, that the brand has never caused him any issues, which is why I specifically bought Motorola.

If you opt for PDA like a Blackberry with any carrier, you will have to pay an additional $25/mo to be able to access the Internet. Nokia's smartphones are more expensive to purchase because they don't come with service in The States, but they are cheaper to operate because they can be configured to us the Net w/o hefty, monthly PDA fees.
8100	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to use at work.  I work all day on a PC and like to listen to the music loaded on my BlackBerry.  The cord from my ears to my BlackBerry was always getting in my way.  I didn't want to be connected by wires to it (I have pulled it off the desk a few times) but I still wanted to be able to skip through my music.
When you have an email it also goes into your inbox for text messages so when you go and try to delete all the text messages fast then you will most likely delete some of your emails in that inbox and then that deletes them from your email inbox.
8827	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my son to use on his trip to Disney World. It worked wonderfully! It charged his ipod and phone twice before needing to be recharged. This was definitely a good buy and way cheaper than a morphie brand charger.
  Speedtest: No ping, no data transfer
7584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Since buying the Lunatik protective case, I needed a larger carrying case, this fits perfect, may need to buy a back up one.
9812	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It seem every device that uses button batteries use a different size.  Since I have several watches and other devices that use these batteries it is convenient and inexpensive to order on line.

I was tempted enough to look into this phone when I saw the 5-star reviews.  However, I can't help but notice that if you examine some of these reviewers, at least some of them only seem to have reviewed Verizon products (with high ratings all around), which is mighty suspicious.

It is very functional, easy to use. Camera of 1.3 MP is good enough.
This product, although very amazing and useful, has some flaws that cannot be ignored. The first flaw you'll notice when using this charger is how only one button is present. Now, don't get excited, this button is not like the iPhone button. This one is a bit worse. The button the charger has controls the whole device: from the power to the flashlight(Which is extremely hard to turn on as I myself have only been able to do this a couple of times and by accident). After two weeks of heavy usage the button has sunk down, even if I have been as gentle and careful as possible so this thing wouldn't happen. Now, it's harder to power up the device, to turn on the laser pointer, and even to turn it off. Obviously the flashlight is even harder to turn on but my iPhone has a flashlight app, so I don't really need it.
2. Recharging the device takes a few hours, and provides backup power for several days of non-continuous use.
The range extension is amazing.  I live in very mountainous and wooded area.  I can go 5 miles and have everything from full signal to no service.  When I get into the mountains it gets worse.

- Reputable brand w/ growing customer base (See Facebook)

3041	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does the job. Did I really need it ? hmmm...
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
7101	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this charger.  It not only charges my phone, but charges my extra battery.  Highly recommend for HTC Incredible users.
6851	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!
1089	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	GOOD PRODUCT

7069	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I tried to install over and over again flipping it this and that way...no for me this had all the right numbers but not the right measurement...

If you don't use Verizon, you might need this!


1580	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	i have owned 5 bluetooth headsets and this is by far the best.  i would recommend this very highly.  Only one drawback keeps me from rating it 5 stars (see below).
  3 bars (-89dBm)
7741	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I am on my third one and love the call quality.  I really love the swing out mic that turns the earpiece on and off.  You can save a lot of battery life by having it off until you get a call.  Swing out the mic and answer the call by the third ring. But, and this is a huge BUT, the swing out mic is also the weak point.  The wires in the arm eventually weaken or break.  At first it will sound like you are far off and then it might not work at all.  As such, I cannot recommend this earpiece to others.
I saw a deal on the iTorch and bought it for her as a replacement. She could leave the battery in her purse and use it those times she forgets to recharge her iPhone overnight. Well, it WAS for her until I fell in love with it. It looked sleek and felt solid. The iTorch charged my iPhone 4 from 0 to 100% twice before running out of battery. I liked being able to tell people it does more than just function as a back up power source. However, I know I will rarely use it as a laser or flashlight.


6639	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this signal booster hopping it would solve our problems with the inadequate AT&T signal we get here at our house.
7257	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	ok


9026	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great low profile back up battery with a laser. I especially like playing with the laser. Works well, looks good and not too heavy. can charge ipad, iphone, and most other devices with sufficient battery power to charge completely several times.

My Sony Bravia LCD TV meets these requirements, and I care about small details and subtle improvement, so for me paying seven dollars with shipping was definitely worth the modest improvement.  If I bought the official Nintendo-made component cable for thirty dollars plus tax, I'm not sure the improvement would be with the money.

8896	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First of all let me just say this product was better then expected. I love the design and quality of the IMP52D Itorch. It fits nice in the palm of your hand or in your pocket. Out of the box it came only about 20% charged but I plugged it into my usb port on my monitor and about 6-8 hours it was completely charged. A couple of days passed by and while working on the roof of a building I was installing a commercial size satellite. Looked at my phone and I was about 20% battery left. lucky for me I carried my iTorch in my book bag and was able to charge my phone with the included micro usb cable. It took me about 3.5 hours for satellite installation. By the time I was finished my battery life was completely at 100 %  Now I'm not saying it took the total of 3.5 hours to charge but from the time I connected it to the time I finished my job it was nice to know that I was not going to have a dead phone. Its nice that it has a laser pointer and led flash light built in , don't know if i will ever use it but it also came with a velvet sack to place it in. In my opinion it would be nice if it came with a molded hard case to place it in. Since sometimes it is in my bag and when I place it down anything that's inside of my bag could press the button that turns on the laser pointer. All in all I love the product, the look , the design but would have loved a hard case for it.

2280	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really like this headset. Sound quality is good for me and the listener. I like the fit in ear design much better than the loop over. It is comfortable and I sometimes forget I have it in. The only thing that I wish was better was the pickup time. I am sure it is for battery saving but I often click to answer a call and the caller is saying Hello, Hello... before I have connection to hear.
- No direct/built-in wall plug to recharge the iTorch
* One of the best mobile web browsers out there.  Based on AppleWebKit (a.k.a. KTML, the web engine used in the likes of Apple Safari and KDE Konqueror), it renders web pages "as they were meant to be".  And unlike that other phone that claims to do the same, the N95 also has a built-in Flash Lite player - so web pages that use flash will work as well.  Plus, you are of course free to download and use other browsers, such as the excellent, super-fast and bandwidth-saving Opera Mini (operamini.com).
2740	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case has a perfect snug fit. I had first tried the Dzitronic case which was very good, and seemed to be slightly thicker, and felt slightly heavier, but offered great protection. This case is more convenient for daily use since it is lightweight, and offers good protection. Judging from the thickness of the Dzitronic case cover.. it might be a better protector in case of accidental drops, but this boxwave case is looks better, feels better, and has a better fit although it is thinner and lighter.

3. It's small enough to carry in my pocket.
6532	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very nice from 2 bar make 5 bars
more application and other items you can get on the N95
-- The combination of the touch screen and the placement of too-sensitive volume keys on the side means that something unintentional is always happening on the screen (and with the phone).  Try to place this in a leather holster (or extract it), and odds are you'll have changed the volume while simultaneously having switched to one of the multi-layered screens several levels down.  It other words, pull this thing out of a belt clip or holster and you'll probably have to pull out the stylus and close a succession of two or three screens just to get back to the main "Today" screen (which is incredibly cluttered and counterintuitive).
8356	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good price and quality
hesitation.  Hope this helps.



1166	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Because of proliferation of USB based products, the USB hub is now more neccessary than ever. If you have multiple USB based devices (printers, keyboard, mouse, flash storage, USB speakers, iphone/ipod jack etc) and want to consolidate all your devices into a one single hub, then this hub does its job well.
5662	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	as always, great iGo product. So nice to just change a tip and have all the chargers needed for my new phone. Great to carry just one unit to charge phone, headset and ipod when travelling.
The bad:
A 2 Second Hold Click of the single button turns the charging battery pack on and off - blue lights 2, 3 & 4 indicate the current level of charge - when I first received the IMP52D, only blue light 2 would illuminate - after a few hours of charging all 3 (blue lights 2, 3 & 4) illuminate when I turn the battery pack on
2725	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good case for my SG4.. The case is slim and provides nice a good solid grip as well. Case is not very bulky at all.

7349	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Two months later, the phone is dead and will not charge. It is going to cost too much to send it back so i will just accept my losses.
- use in noisy environments - very good. Last night I was talking to my wife from a very noisy restaurant - so noisy I could barely hear myself think.  But she could hear me clearly over the din and I was able to hear her easily.  What a testament!

581	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The band itself is quite attractive and feels great. They clearly made an effort on packaging (nice box), rather elaborate for what is only a 2 piece band. OK, that's fine even though I'd prefer less wrapping efforts and a lower price. I took it out an realized that it's really soft, comfortable, and far more preferable than the black leather band that came with my black watch. I was impressed at how it looks and feels better than the usual junk you'll find here that is imported.
6398	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a good case that stays on well.  It is painted black, so if you scratch it, it will show white.  Also, I'm a little afraid of the belt clip.  It doesn't seem real durable and I'm concerned I'd break it off and lose my phone.
Update after a couple of weeks:  No rattles, squeaks, or any other issues.  I'm very satisfied.
The company told me I could "gently" bend the loops to fit my ear better.  They also recommended Jabra ear gels instead of the Aliph ear buds.  They also recommended a place that can make a custom gel earbud (for about $65 + shipping).
Purchased with the Schiit Modi 2 DAC.
The 5130 is available in purple, orange, red and blue (I own the purple). It's very thin and small, but fits easily in the palm of your hand and doesn't give the impression it's going to fall apart if you look at it cross-eyed.

754	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The plastic threads & lock nut will strip out very easily. Very light duty!
1. Great noise filtering.  The microphone does a great job of filtering out ambient noise including wind.
Calender
Pros:
6629	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I installed the device and it works.  Only one shortcoming and that's range.  Though I didn't get anything like full bars, I did get excellent reception near the indoor antenna.  I called the help line at Wilson and they said what I was getting was good as the DT denotes Desk Top, it's meant to be used in a limited area.
1239	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's an okay Bluetooth.  a bit too big.
Since I bought my NewTrent device, my Uncle, my niece, my mom AND and girlfriends daughter all bought the IMP500! I have turned them ALL on to it.
Even with Bluetooth and Wifi turned off, the battery life is anything but impressive. The screen draws a lot of juice. I have to recharge the phone daily.
LED Battery Level Indicator - tells you how much battery power is left on the iTorch.

Battery Life (with the 1100 mah battery probably the best for a cell phone)
- Depending on how much it would increase the overall size, a higher capacity would be nice. Currently, it will boost my iPad mini 80% of its total battery life, which is plenty to last a day. I am however extremely happy with the size and I would prefer not to change that very much for more battery life.

Yes, the unit gets hot, but per the company, it is supposed to get hot. On the company website, you will find this, "Does your booster get warm? No worries - the booster can get warm and the cable connections can get hot. Boosters can operate 20 degrees over ambient temperature, possibly reaching temperatures of 150 degrees Fahrenheit. Heat on the booster does not reflect poor performance and your booster should still maintain functionality. For instance, our cradle boosters do get warm and the antenna connector does get hot to the touch - we recommend only touching this when the booster is powered off and you are adjusting antennas/cabling. If you feel like your booster is producing too much heat, and you are not seeing any signal improvement, please submit a ticket request (found on this page)."
Here's the REAL deal with this phone.  I have a feisty five year old with whom I once nearly had a heart attack around when her sitter wasn't answering the phone after 15 calls.  My heart was in my feet with anxiety, fear, anger - you name it, I felt it.  What happened?  They simply went to do laundry and the sitter left her phone.  While that 10 minute period felt like an eternity, all was well, but what if something truly had happened?  How would my baby let me know?

7 to 10 keys: Retrieve Emails
2960	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love it

4358	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I hate the fact I wasted money on this product. After 2 days I had 1 hour of battery life. I had to keep it on charger just to have juice for maybe 1 conversation, its not comfortable, and its flimsy. Dont waste your money.
Ipod Touch 4th Gen - The iTorch fully charged my daughters ipod touch from 20% to 100% in 55 minutes... very impressive and very nice to have being my daughter has a horrible habit of not keeping her device charged and then complains to me that her battery is dead... The iTorch is great for taking with you on the go!

Turns out it works even though all the connections do not seem to match, it is secure, and actually have a very high transfer rate. So if you get it out and it doesn't seem like it would fit, play with it until it snaps in and it probably will work for you if your model is listed.

5495	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed for working out. Plastic is a bit thick for the touch screen, but I personally keep mine workout playlist on shuffle when I'm in the gym anyway, so that's not a huge problem.



The manufacturer was also very prompt in replying to my query and sending me the right adapter for my phone. The adapter is free.
3528	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	wouldn't buy any other case. have been using the defender series for several years now , the couple of times I had problems they took care it within a couple of days
It took me over an hour to install.  It's unwieldy and a little heavy (which is fine - this thing seems built to stop a very big dog from ruining your back seat, and I suspect it would), and I thought a lot of pieces were missing initially.  Turns out the thing comes partially assembled, just to mess with you (?).
3954	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For the safety minded people this is a must have. Hand free is the best policy to take in todays times.
- Gives 3 full charges for an iPhone!
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/White-adapter/dp/B000WKQ8LS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">White adapter</a>&nbsp;received from seller "CRONUZ" (not this listing) - 1 star:

also, as you can see in the photos, the earbuds will be attached to the tips of the headphone by magnets.  The magnets are rather strong and they get attached well enough, but it seemed to me that how they made it was some sort of after thought.  Basically, it does not look good nor functionally well designed.  I rather prefer to see Samsung or LG type of more hidden and secure looking attachments.
Pros:
Good call quality

Pairs quickly with my Nextel i870.
8814	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say but that it works well.
On a side note, I also like the light and laser that are included. Just fun

1651	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned four Bluetooth headsets. This is by far the most comfortable and easiest to use. I have no problems with sore ears as with my other models (Motorola, Jabra BT350 and BT800) and sometimes forget that I am wearing it. Good sound quality, fits well, stays on no matter what. The perfect headset!
  -Operates as a flashlight
6587	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really didn't expect this gadget to work but it does offer some improvement.  Here's the lowdown.  I live out in the country where cell service is questionable.  I have both a phone and a jetpack thing for my computer.  Both are frustrating to use.  So far I haven't really needed a signal boost in the car as most of the area I travel is a lot more reliable than home, but I do intend a trip this summer through some mountains that could pose a problem.  I have tested the cell booster both in my car and in my house.  The boost in computer internet connectivity is great as long as you're careful about plugging it in.

3996	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For the price, I expect to get about 1.5 years out of this, just like I did the previous one.


The ear volume is to quiet.
Second was the phones operating system. While I was able to get a bit used to it, it wasn't very intuitive and it would take me awhile to locate the correct button or menu.
All in all, I love my Treo 680. I have purchased additional software that I strongly recommend. They are: Launcher X(excellent), Mobil Write, Treo Voice Dialing, The Oxford Dictionary and Thesaurus, Scrabble and Mars Needs Cows.
The only 'problem' is that all three devices are 'too smart' for me to be able to use all three functions at the same time. All three devices can connect to two other devices simultaneously; the phone to the headset and the GPS; the GPS to the phone and the headset; and the headset to the phone and the GPS. And all have logic allowing a signal on one input to intelligently overide the signal on the other input. So if I connect them all at once, the GPS gives me navigation directions, which the headset picks up, but the phone also detects the directions, decides that they need to be passed on to the headset (since the phone is not 'in use') and repeats them about a quarter second later to the headset, The headset starts relaying the instruction from the GPS, then gets the instructions from the phone, decides a message from the phone overides an (assumed) 'music input', and overides the GPS instruction with the same instruction a quarter second later from the phone, but only during the actual words, it flip-flops back to the other signal in the silences between words! The result is what I can only describe as a 'stuttering echo' or an 'echoing stutter' :D
I love it because all I really wanted was great reception at my desk and that's what I got. Other people might not have as smooth of an experience. Some install pains involved.

It seems there must be a little easier way to get it on my ear but I have not found it, but once on it stays in place and is comfortable, more than can be said for other models from what I read.  I assume too that it will be dated in a few years as it is twice as thick as I would have wanted it to be.

Lastly was the keypad. Again, it's a very slim line phone but because of that the buttons are flush and near impossible to use to dial or text quickly.

The musical part is well done (the mobile even comes with a pair of small loudspeakers which is a very nice idea in theory but nothing very practical in everyday use) and I can't help but appreciate the handy controls on the outside. This Nokia basically made my ipod a fashion accessory - why carry a mobile and an ipod if mobile offers most of ipod's functions?
Dont be fooled by some DONT cut the stitching to remove the clip. If you do you will loose vertical mounting.
-I just loaded $20 on to her phone.  How many minutes is that? 400! Wow, right?
4043	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The unit I received contained no instructions; no problem go online to company site to get them.  Easy to install put the unit near window or anywhere you have service (at least one bar) then put the antenna at least ten feet away.  The antenna cable is only 20' so it is difficult to go further than that unless you are going to have cable in front of you, then the next problem is that you can not have the cell phone near the unit so in my 15' x 12' office I could not move the unit and antenna around so that I could get a green light as you also have to have phone within 6' of antenna.  Gave up after an hour of moving all over only to get a green light for a few moments then back to red.  Did nothing to improve signal since I could not get a green light, presumably this would have indicated that I have a signal that my cell phone then would pickup.  I may try the other four person Sprint device the company has?
7932	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	1. Product is coming from HongKong, that was not mentioned  it will take almost a month to reach US


iPhone 8 feet away from inside antenna in same room:
1906	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been using mine for over 4 years and it's finally starting to show some wear with the wraparound earpiece, and having a few issues with it shutting off unexpectedly.  All in all, for having it over four years, it's a great purchase.  Although I'm still using mine daily, I'm ready to purchase a new one, and one with a battery is the best, as I simply carry AAA batteries in my car, so whenever this one dies, I just put a new one in on the go.  No worrying about bringing it into the house to charge, forgetting to take it back out, or losing the charging cord.  I love it because it's so convenient and can leave it in the car 100% of the time, so it's always for sure there.

1017	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	In my area i normally only get 1 bar after adding this i get 2-3 bars now. So it helps.
4317	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I think I spent a good 10-12 hours researching which "voice isolation" bluetooth I'd buy.  I've tried many different brands and my last one, Plantronics Voyager 510, just wasn't cutting it though it was comfortable.

6674	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My son used this device in SF in a uniquely dead zone for a friend. The device gave outstanding results. I used in an RV park in Colorado that had a dead zone and found it to work very well.
7105	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does the job.
Item was better than expected! Great design & feel of leather.
1371	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	After purchasing it I found out that it wasn't the card I needed even though it was recommended to purchase with ATT device. I attempted to return but since it was more to ship back than the product cost, I received 1/2 my purchase price and now have a sim card.
The devices I tested the iTorch with:

7880	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This product works in that it allows me to bridge from my Tape deck adapter to my Iphone through a rubber protector sleeve. I can hear my podcasts fine. However, when I tried to play music I noticed that something was terribly wrong. The sound was muted and the music was clipped and very flat. I removed the adapter and went back to a straight connection to the Tape Deck adapter. The volume doubled and sounded like music again. Not sure how they messed this up but they did.

5373	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These boxes are tough durable and most of all indistructable. I would recomend these to anyone who wants to protect thier investment.
2800	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Just bought this battery and the life on this is already gone.  There was a reason why the battery was so cheap...you get what you pay for...beware!!!


- It took a while to adjust the volume to my liking.

- Durable
Smartphone 2005 edition is a very promising platform for this kind of device. The SDA shows where the technology is heading and gives you a glimpse of the powerful features that will be common in a few years. Today, I still get the feeling that the hardware is not quite ready for the software (a reminder of the early versions of MS Windows, particularily 2.0 and 3.1 - always ahead of the hardware by one or two generations). This is especially true for the power consumption and battery life. Nevertheless, the phone is a keeper. Please add a 'cancel' or 'exit' option to the application menues, and add support for calling cards.
Original review:

The big "but" is, I'm an active guy; gym, running, and hiking. Most of the battery style cases don't offer much in the way of protection from moisture either from sweat, or the unanticipated rain shower while outside. I obtained an Otterbox Defender case, which I have found provides the best all around protection from both drops, scratches, and also moisture. Moving the phone between the two became a huge hassle just to get the phone charged up, and also I lost moisture protection when using the battery case.
The first thing that needs to be mentioned is that the measuring grid that comes on the protective film for each of these is brilliant -- it makes the job of measuring and trimming the screen protector enormously easier than it otherwise would be.  And it's hard to beat the cost of these -- each sheet is less than a dollar.  If you mess it up or have to replace the protector later, no big deal, these are cheap.
The H710 is extremely comfortable.  It hangs on your ear which I much prefer to in ear devices.  I can wear it for many hours and can barely tell it's there.  Before buying this headset I tried the H800. I tried the H800 (thinking it would be better) and I didn't care for it because it was uncomfortable.  The H800 hangs on the ear but has a little nub that goes in the ear which I found annoying.  The function button on the H710 is well placed over the center of the ear so when you press it the headset doesn't move.  On the H800 the button is shifted toward the back and since the headset kept moving it kept falling off and was hard to press.
Compared to the Sidekick, the Q lack a free, basic sticky notes utility, which I use all the time when I need to lookup airline and hotel reward numbers.  Goodlink does provide such utility but it's not free.
8743	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the coolest phone in my dresser drawer. I have several of them. And I even picked up one for European networks. It's hard to find but you still can get them new. It's dubbed "The zombie apocalypse survive phone" for its durability and long battery life. I have a drawer full of phones but this is the one I always use.  Works great on prepaid SIM cards. Just be careful when you insert the card. The little pins that hold the card in place can break off easily.
124	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This charger from Amazon lasted about two months, I replaced it with one I bought direct from Samsung, thus the Samsung from Samsung the real McCoy, from Amazon not sure who actually made it even though it has a Samsung label.

2837	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome deal for my zune to protect it with this Zune bag...great value and nice product. Buy it now...its worth it.

If you are one person in search of good headset, believe me, you are not alone! There has always been a great challenge in finding a good headset.
6980	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	These were not as described. They were more of a universal size and didn't fit my screen properly, also didn't stay attached for long and had to be replaced
8463	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is phenomenal!  I have not had to charge my iPhone for almost 50 hours using the initial charges of both the phone and this battery.  The battery/case is well constructed and comes with a silicon skin at no additional charge.  The battery definitely detracts from the "cool" factor of the phone - it makes it MUCH larger.  If your goal is in looking "cool" when using your iPhone, this isn't for you.  If your goal is actually USING your iPhone for a MUCH extended time period without having to recharge - or keep cables EVERYWHERE you go - this baby is for you.  Check out the current mophie product options and then come back and look at this product again: you WILL buy it!  Great product, fast shipping.
1030	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased a screen protector for my phone and received one of these as a "free gift with purchase." I remember seeing these on TV years ago before I even had a cell phone.  I figured I would try it out since I got it as a free bonus, so why not?  I followed the directions (peel off and place under battery; replace battery; turn on phone...etc.) and what happened?  Nothing.  My phone signal did not improve at all.  I left it on for a week and went to various locations.  My signal did not change anywhere I went.  Nothing was "boosted" in any way.  I peeled the sticker off and parts of this "magic gold signal trapper" came off with it.  I don't think this is any different than a sticker or a Band-aid.  I bet a Band-aid would probably provide more of a signal than this item.  Don't waste your money.  If you get it for free, great, but don't "install" it on your phone. It's pointless.  If your phone signal is that bad constantly, switch providers.  Don't buy these Snake Oil Stickers.

4562	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have had this phone for a few months now and I really like it. It's fairly light (though wide) and solid. The features are really nice to have. The sound is good. I have not used it as a music player yet (and likely won't) but for phone, email, texting it's great.
it also comes with USB charge cable, regular headphones cable (used when it's turned off as regular headphones), AC adaptor, charge stand (I don't use it anyway), a case
Bottom line, order these!!  You won't regret it.
2882	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you're looking for something to hookup your mobile headset to your PC, this is it! I bought this not expecting much, but I have found it works FABULOUSLY! For me it was an inexpensive fix for needing a headset with a microphone to use with my PC.

Overall, I am satisfied with this mount and would buy it again.
9658	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Work as per described.
6387	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works as expected. No issues or suprises. Vendor was fast, and was a pleasure to work with. I would buy this product agian, and use the same vendor.
I had a USB extension cable in order to run it in back of my desk.
8118	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works Great
I have also used other BlueTooth devices in the past and I can say that this is by far the Best one I have used.

Reason #2: Virtually ALL of the problems originally associated with the 650 have been eliminated.  You want Push email?  You can get it.  You want web surfing?  No prob.  You want to view AND edit MS Word Documents and Excell?  Easier than ever with the 650 (that was one major plus over most of the Pocket PC's and ALL of the Blackberrys -- sure you can VIEW some of these documents, but you cannot EDIT them, too).

I also noticed that the battery seemed to run down very quickly, even though I had only talked for 20 minutes.  Very surprising, considering that my old 6101 still goes for five or six days between charges, and that's with at least one or two hours of talking per day.

-When playing music, the audio is good and reasonably loud. No background noise. Not as good as a CD, but better than an FM modulator.
808	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I am currently on my replacement V600 which is now acting up.  The first attempt at this and the V600 stopped taking a charge. Sent it back and got a new one. The new V600 is now randomly shutting off, loosing connections, and not recognizing my SIM.  T-Mobile is doing what they can to help me as I love T-mobile, but hate the V600. Luckily the V600 is still under warranty so a return is in it's future, and another phone will come to live with me.
I paid $30 for one from batteries4less hoping to get the real deal -- I got the exact same batter I got from the OEM shop -- the exact same counterfeit. So it has nothing to do with the price paid. Just dishonest online sellers.
-QWERTY keyboard and stylus available for fast, precise data entry and control
7416	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The only flaw is myself. I thought you could touch the screen from the outside but you cant. its in about 1/2 inch away from the plastic. but it looks like its a good case if u have to give it a beating in the rain lol.
Let me know if you have any questions, I'm happy to help.  I know I was super skeptical about the purchase given the horrible reviews, but I also noticed they were from 2008.  The purchase was the best investment for my sanity, and it will be for yours too.  I promise!
Long battery life - 5-6 hours straight talking easily. Charges fairly fast as well.
857	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	First of all, I feel a bit silly for only giving these 2 stars considering the price.  Seriously, what can you expect for less than $30?  However, just to let y'all know, I was still shocked to see just how cheap these felt in my hand after opening the package.  I understand the material they are made of keep them light, but they feel SOOO incredibly cheap.  Also, the sound is crazy bad.  You can get the same quality sound out of one of the "no name" brands available
So if you're a light user of your phone case, this may work for you.  If you're a user who needs your phone clipped to your belt for 10 or 12 hours a day for work......forget it.
I proceeded to replace batteries in watches, and they're all working fine.
Overall, this is a great sturdy case that holds my scanner tight without movement and is hard enough to withstand any impacts. I have to carry the power chord & other accessories outside of the case but I am okay with that as long as scanner is well protected!! I am loving this little wonder!! :)
2023	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H700-Bluetooth-Headset-Retail-Packaged/dp/B000CQXHOS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H700 Bluetooth Headset [Retail Packaged</a>] I am very happy with my purchases from Amazon. The order was received  in a good timely fashion. Even when I reported that the headset I purchased was not working properly, A replacement was shipped to me right away without me returning the one in my posession first. Keep up the excellent service.
7979	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok, short sweet and to the point.
-This headset is easier to carry with you than a Bluetooth one and no AC adapater charger or battery is required.
The good.....The phone is clear, and I seem to get better reception than I did with my old LG. Windows6 has been totally stable for me and hasn't crashed yet. Active Sync is awesome to transfer stuff back and forth between this and your PC. Nice touch screen that works very well(make sure you apply the included screen protector). The WiFi works awesome and it's great for both internet and email. The full Querty keyboard is a must for people who like to text. The keyboard also lights up. I like the fact that this phone does not use Get it Now, V-Cast, or any of those other "V" programs as I found that software unreliable as I had quite a few issues with the music player. The Data network (if used on this phone) is much faster than the Get it Now network. It doesn't freeze up on me like the Get it Now network did. The indicator lights are useful and let you know if the phone, bluetooth, or data network is connected. Turning off the Blue Tooth and/or wifi saves battery life when not in use. There is also a message indicator light to let you know if you have a message. Also, there are a ton of apps out there that you can download so you can really customize this phone. The camera has multiple settings and hopefully with a bit of tweaking, I can take better photos. The flash also acts as a flashlight, and this has come in handy multiple times already. The phone also comes with google maps, and there are a few free themes/ringtones/etc to download from the microsoft mobile site. So far the battery life seems great, but isn't it always great when you get a *new* phone? I suspect with all these bells and whistles the battery will eventually wear down and I'll probably have to buy a spare. We'll see.... For now, it's charged every couple of days, and only comes with a AC charger, not a car charger.
Tight for safe. But not at all too tight.
796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality add on automotive type lighter addition. Seems strong
6781	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good deal & they all work.
I really dig the look of it too.  It's bold, yet understated.  It looks like a device that serves a purpose - not like some cheesy colored clip on that looks like it was designed for the highschool fashion runway.  It looks functionally high tech.
Cosmetics and Concept:
1025	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	you do not get a 6 pack you only get 1 of them do not be fooled i was very upset that it only came with one and i do not liked to be tricked like that
I paid one bill for this phone.  It's a decent buy, specially when you go to the gym, it can be your phone and mp3 at the same time.  I wouldn't pay a dime over a bill for this.
7331	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good product, excelent


- Being as small as it is, perhaps some carrying pouch should have been included.
If you are just looking to connect a regular set of stereo headphones or computer speakers, try just plugging it in to the iPhone first as most of them work without any adaptor at all.
Third, unlike Sony Ericsson, the new Moto's (V3i, SLVR L7, etc.) sport an industry-standard mini-USB charging/data port, and use standard memory cards. (I put a 1GB TransFlash in mine and it is amazing.) No more proprietary chargers and cables, nor goofy Sony-only "Memory Sticks."


3 - The buttons. OH! The buttons! They are teenie weenie and you have to push them with your fingernail and even then, still hope you got the right one.  They feel cheap and clicky and are made for Hobbits.
2777	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was expecting something that would not hold a charge but this does hold a charge for a long time. I left the cell phone on and sit for a week and had 2 out of 3 bars of battery life left. I got my money's worth. Using the cell on a regular basis, I have to charge it about every 4 days with 1 bar left.
My two biggest problems with this thing are the eventual metallic-jingling sound it makes as it shortens over time.  To keep it silent, one would have to readjust it about once a month.  My second problem with it is how difficult it is to install.  I HATE taking it out, because I dread the time I'm going to waste putting it back in.  It's awkward to adjust and tighten the legs and close to (but not quite) impossible to accomplish alone.

I'd previously only tried an older HS series headset - this is light years ahead.

9791	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I never reserve my battery's.

4054	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iGo chargers and tips are really great. I use this to charge my cool *NEW* Kindle using my iGo wall charger and iGo mobile charger. They are just great products. I only need one charger to charge all of my electronic devices. Extremely handy & nice.
 -The headset consistently reconnects automatically  when I turn on the phone & headset.
9058	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my Samsung Galaxy s3, but the battery is not great. So I bought it to use when I'm not near a power outlet. It works great! I just put it in my pocket or purse when I know I'm going to be out and about all day. Sturdy, durable, and easy to use.
To disable the status/online lights press and hold the volume up when powering on the device.  Repeat the same steps to turn the lights back on.  This is a comfortable well engineered product that works great for what it was designed for TALKING.


If you want to synchronize with Outlook, you are limited to around 200 contacts and the field names are shorter.  You will probably have to edit names to fit the available field lengths.  I don't change my contacts too often, so synchronization with Outlook is not important to me.
9025	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Using the iTorch IMP52D has been a pleasure. It's not an overly
I also have the Jabra SP500 which is a wireless speakerphone and it works great vs. the Motorola speakerphone which I returned. The Speakerphone power and power AC cords for the BT 250v are not compatible, so if you need to use both, you will need two charges, although they are small.

Pros:
7552	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thank You

I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.
7245	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Phone arrived brand new, beautiful pink.. battery, charger, and book all new... put in my
5236	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	beautiful leather, and sturdy
2143	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After losing my cell phone to a lake while flyfishing i decided it was time to try and avoid that mistake. I LOVE this guy i actually bought another one of these (a larger size). I can pretty much let it sit beside me in the water and it will float and not take on any water. It is the best enclosure for valuables. I took this to a theme park where i knew there would be water rides and it still protected. I also used this on the beach to protect my phone. It kept my phone out of the sandy elements. I recommend this product. Any questions please ask i am always looking for advice so i enjoy giving it when i can as well.
313	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really great product, feels nice & sturdy, truly improves battery life. I didn't benchmark it against the OE Samsung battery, but it seems like the original battery has been doing worse lately, and this thing seems to have at least triple the uptime capability of the original battery.

8627	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	found a pack of these in a dollar store and used it on my smartphone case for two years.  it kept me from losing my cel phone because it kept my cel phone clipped to me.  i just got a new cel phone, really a smart phone, and i could not find these clips anywhere, till i searched on amazon.
5637	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm not sure what happened to iGo in Radio Shack but it's gone.  I have several of these in my vehicles and love them.  The tip works perfectly for my Motorola Droid X.
3287	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The back is not totally clear, which I thought it was. The back is more like frosted or opaque. I was looking for just a bumper and after not finding a bumper that was not aluminum I decided on the boxwave.  For the price it's the best case out there...great product for the price and would recommend it.

 You Can`t Find Anything better for the price.

5595	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a snap together clear plastic case.  It allows full access and looks nice.  It will provide some protection from scratches and falls.  Only dropped phone once since installing.  No damage to phone but case split apart and shot across the room.  It didn't break, and I was able to re-install it, but it did fall off on impact.
The Wilson system gives you a better coverage radius than the Wi-Ex unit. However, the Wilson unit continuously loses it's signal and the base unit's LED will switch from green to amber to red quite often! Again, neither of these units really improves your indoor signal if your outdoor signal is not at 100%. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR INDOOR RECEPTION TO BE BOOSTED THROUGHOUT YOUR ENTIRE 2500 SQ FT HOME!! This will NOT happen. These two units are misrepresented to make a sale. This is not to say that the Wilson is a better buy, it is not! The coverage radius is only increased by about 1 foot using the Wilson unit. As soon as you are out of this range, your signal will drop and switch over to Roaming as well.
3524	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	All otterbox products are the best,,, highest price,, but you get what you pay for...
It has great battery life, along with a feature that will automatically power the unit down if it loses pairing with your cell phone for more than 15 minutes.  This is a great feature; it means you can turn it on once, run many short errands, and never have to switch the unit on and off.  It also means that you can't deplete the battery by forgetting to turn it off when you leave your car.
I have used this driving with the windows open and everything on both ends was crystal clear.
What's even more brilliant is the name.  "Regulatory Cost Recovery Fee" is one of the greatest product names ever.  It just screams out "I'm official."  It sounds so much like a tax, people actually believe that it is one, and it sounds so official, nobody questions the exact amount.
Overall there's no real reason not to recommend this phone. It's sleek and stylish, has a great price point, comes with plenty of goodies and plays music very, very well. It's worth every penny I paid for it, and that's not something I can often say!
4575	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Product's quality is best you can get.  I never bought one of these protector films before so i was clueless.  Its a little tricky to get it on at first, but u can keep peeling it off and retrying without a problem. Make sure you are working in lint-free area because thats the only trouble you might have.  It can also works with my new completely covered ivyskin case. Recommend to anyone in a heart beat! just buy it its cheap with the greatest quality.  No brainer!
9879	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	wonderful
3299	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased my Motorola KRZR about a month ago to replace my Motorola RAZR.  My observations on the KRZR are:
8140	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The station works great for many of our electronics and hides the unsightly cords. Would recommend.


9624	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	WORKS
I had a smile on my face when I was using this device because not only do I have a portable external battery, it also has a built in laser and Led light. (which are like the three things I always use and having them all in one device is a plus.) It is also very affordable.


4397	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought the card and took it on an international trip.  I put the card into my phone
Depending on your setup, this can range from a nuisance to a major roadblock.  For example, my setup is to use the Z9 with my laptop for Skype calls and my Blackberry for other calls.  I may switch back and forth regularly, depending on who I am calling.
7207	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my brother-in-law for his birthday and he immediately fell in love with them.  He has an iPod touch and I wanted to get him something bluetooth for it and this was the best thing I could find.  What I didn't realize is that it would work with his cellphone at the same time.  He synched it with both of them and if he get's a call while listening to his iTouch, he just presses the answer button and it immediately switches to the phone.  As with everything though, the experience can't be flawless.  First, amazon shows that this one is the blue accent model when in fact it isn't, it's is just straight black.  This isn't a big deal though I did intend on getting blue.  Second, the song controls don't all work with the iTouch.  This isn't the fault of the headset however or I would have rated it 4 stars.  This is due to Apple not fully implementing the bluetooh spec yet.  I assume they will at some point in one of there updates and it will they will start working.  In summary, these are very much worth the price and I would buy them again and again.


718	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought 2 of these headsets (one for me and one for the girlfriend) on recommendation by my Cingular sales guy. It was either the BT250 for $80 or the Moto HS810 for $99.
5165	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This speakerphone paired easily with my motorola U9 (I assume similar to later model Razrs).  The call clarity was good on receive, BUT...

5860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this phone online. I liked it because of its looks and its so called "ease of use". When I finally got it I was so dissapointed. Looks can be decieving indeed, hehehe. Its not as "cool" as it look online. This phone seems to be from the 80's but slimmer. The screen display is like a flash back from the calculator screens of the early 80's,the font are so big that it cannot even display the whole phone number in the screen. Even the fonts are weird, they are like written by a toddler. But I don't do much text messaging so I can live with that ugly screen display/font. But the signal of this phone is terrible too so I cant even use them for regular phone call. Dont buy this, it will just be a waste of money. Even a third world country will consider this phone a piece of crap.

6694	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Absolutly the best thing you could buy for your Cell phone. I live just shy of range for my cell to work indoors, normally 1 or no bars even roam was poor, I could never use my cell in the house. Now it works great it's limited to about 20+ feet on line of site and 10 through walls.  But the one place I needed it to work and it's installed which is in my bed room it's the best money well spent regret not buying 2 years ago I have not had any service problems since I bought this even into the other rooms yes the singal fades but it's holding on were it never did before. If it doesn't help you, in MY OPINION your probably just to far from the tower or it's not set up right. My parents bought one where for Sprint there was no tower or even a roaming singal this allowed my dad and I to recieve a singal to at least roam on as the Sprint service just ain't out there THIS influenced me to buy one. On Clear line of site which isn't really how the cells are meant to be I can go about 20-30 feet and went from no bars to 2-3 in the room withing 10 feet is between 3-5 (5 being full) in the room next to me where it never worked before I recive upto 3 through the wall in the room over all this is more then sufficient for my phone to work - DATA Service great improved. I highly recommmend. Highly and I think most stuff is a scam but this is worth it. Obviously it works better if there's a stronger single outside for it to recieve like I said I'm just outside of the tower for it to work inside the the signal it here outside so this thing works great.
9464	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The cradle that holds the cell phone is an extremely poor design.  There is absolutely no give in the arms that hold the phone so the phone either flops around or is too tight.  I have another cell phone cradle which works much better at holding the phone.  It snaps closed around the phone holding it secure.

- If it can be made even more lightweight/compact (I think thats a common goal with any small electronics over time.)
Black adapter received from seller "Elago Design" - 5 stars:
IMO, there is another huge benefit to this product, which the company does NOT advertise... I am sensitive to Radio Frequency...too much, gives me headaches, brain fog, etc.  Cell phones put out a very powerful RF signal, as the signal often can travel 30 miles to a cell tower.  This Booster takes that signal leaving the phone, and carries it on a a coax cable to the roof mounted antenna.  This keeps the RF from blasting ur body / head.  This makes talking on the phone in the car much safer vs. not using a booster.  So if u are concerned about excessive RF, this product is worth the investment for that reason alone.  I have learned to mitigate the RF problem in all parts of my this high tech, wireless world we live in.
53	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this is the most cutest case i've ever bought from here , i just got it today .. it took a really long time,which is weird cause it took almost two months. but i didn't care. i thought that it was gonna fall apart. but it didn't it really held up nicely. & i am thinking about ordering the other ones that come in pink & black. these are really classy & rich looking for only 2 bucks you can not go wrong. its so girly,even though i don't like too much stuff going on,on my cases. this i perfect, i haven't tried fitting it in my pocket but i will  sooo. you should definatley buy this.
9817	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is just a great deal.  These are the same exact battery strips you see hanging on the rack at your local battery store.  For less than what they charge for 1, you get a strip of 5.  Unfortunately, you can't just buy 1 for 1/5 the price, so if you don't need all 5, you'll end up wasting batteries over time.

2098	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	According to the specifications this headset supports Bluetooth 1.2, as well as the Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) and the Audio Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP). I could not get any sound to come out when connected with my Sony Ericsson w600i in phone or Walkman mode, and people could not hear me when I called them. I tried every setting possible, read the instructional booklets for each device and the thing still wouldn't to anything when connected. I am guessing that this headset works fantastically with any Motorola device, but as far as I'm concerned this product is guilty of false advertising. After this experience I do not plan on buying any Motorola Bluetooth devices.
The jawbone comes with 4 different hoops that go behind your ear.  1 large and 1 regular for each ear.  and also comes with 4 various buds that go in your ear.  Don't get frustrated right off the back if it doesnt fit your right out of the box.  Everyone has a different shaped ear.  At first I was disapointed with the standard round bud because it kept falling out of my ear, but after changing the hoops and found a bud that fit in my ear the jawbone feels snug and doesnt fall out of my ear and i barely know its on my ear.
One can fit it in any pocket.
7140	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this cable so that I could connect my cell phone (LG CU515) to my computer and download pictures from it.  The cable itself works fine. However, be aware that it won't do any good to have this cable if you also don't have software to take the pictures, music, etc. from your phone and transfer it to your computer. I'm unfamiliar with the technological lingo, but apparently without such software your phone and computer can't talk to each other. The cable includes software, but it comes on a mini-disc that doesn't work without an adapter or a computer that will specifically read & load mini-discs. So, the cable itself is great, but it's virtually worthless (and probably the reason for the incredibly cheap price) without proper software.
160	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works great but if your plug or cigeratte light is low this cord need to be longer or not so "springy"
conclusion: the current price of this phone is simply a steal now, it used to be $500-600 range, get it if you have chance

3615	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had a difficult time holding onto the Samsung S4 and was looking for something to give me a bit of grip when holding the phone. I was looking for a TPU case since there's less stretch especially around the thin parts of the case and this one looked like a good match. Fit is dead on with cutouts lined up perfectly. The power and volume buttons are covered by the case but the case is raised where they are and pressing them, though not as easy as without a case, is not an issue.
8663	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this battery, definitely an improvement over the original one. I can now go a full day without having to plug in, even when I'm busy playing on it!

4021	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was looking for a casual phone case for my new Samsung Galaxy S4 smartphone that would take a certain level of abuse during use. The case stated it would fit my phone.  It didn't.... With the phone in the case, the lid would not close.  I decided not to return it for the cost and gave it to a friend who has a smaller phone (it fit that phone).
But it is working well
Buttons feel solid and are big enough for large fingers.  Backlight is pretty bright.


3331	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great
1) It is not a whole house signal booster, if that is desired, go with the more expensive Wilson unit

4285	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have had this for some time in my car using with my galaxy smartphone..very clear and noise hands/free operation..highly recommend.
942	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good I like it

455	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good adhesion between the disc portion & my MP3 player. My only complaint I wish that there was a ratcheting mechanism. I had an old cell phone with this exact kind of clip, but that one would stay in a given position when you rotated it, due to a ratcheting mechanism.

Someone mentioned that the menu response is slow.  It is, but it isn't so slow that it's a bother.  I dislike the current programming (which may be different with different carriers) because I can't make the MP3 player software available from the main menu.
5904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good product and works well!
Take note that if you already have good signal this thing will feedback and go to "red light" conditions and WILL NOT work for you. This WILL WORK in very weak signal conditions.
5180	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I didn't have the highest of hopes for the Jabra SP5050 -- especially at its' price point -- but I needed something small that I could use in rental cars AND I didn't want to sacrifice quality. What's the point of hands-free if, when you're at speed, there's too much noise in the system for the other party to hear you and you have to resort to using the handset?

Also interesting that when I told them I had relieved the loop problem with a custom bent paper clip, they never asked to see it.  They don't seem interested in improving the feel of this product on the ear.
Niggles:

8439	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product
6883	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ok
The volume controls on the side of the phone are not easy to use...it's quite confusing that the 'cursor key' acts as a volume control for the media player, but the voice call volume control is on the side of the phone.


5810	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	MUY BIEN
8107	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just as advertised... Easy to use and intuitive. I had it up and running in five minutes. I use this to listen to my MP3s on my Nokia cell phone(3555b). I turn it on and it automatically cues my phone's music player and starts playing without me having to touch the phone. When I get a call it is very nice to be able to talk using the built in Mic and the ear buds block all background noise allowing good conversation. Music automatically resumes when I hang up.


499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these phones in June.  One for the wife, one for me.  Signed up for the Family Plan to save $10 per month (share slightly less minutes with family members).  Rebates arrived in about 9 weeks as promised.
I am happy to have the good signal improvement once again, but have taken off a star for the lack of adjustabilty, and for the need to cut off parts and tape stuff to it to get it to work right. Almost ought to take off 2...it was a pain and wasted a lot of time figuring out what to do with it, and it doesn't look as good as it could with the obvious home-grown mods done to it. I may take a little more time later to try and come up with a better solution. Hopefully by the time I need another one, someone will have designed it better. It does what it says it will, as long as your phone fits in there properly, and sits in the right place.
The camera button is also on the side and can be pressed accidentally, turning the camera on, which in turns drains the battery.  I don't use my phone a lot, but the charge only lasts about a day and half.
I have tried Plantronics Voyager 510, Voyager 520 and a model in Motorola already(don't remember the model number). I am an iPhone 3g user and I had problems with 510(it is having old bluetooth version). Then I tried 520 which is good in automatic standby mode, light weight, charge withstand time etc., But the volume wasn't good enough even when I travel in a car.
5543	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery was shipped via us mail and arrived undamaged. It was well sealed and is the exact relpacement of the battery I had. It works fine in my Lenovo T60.
The only Positives of the Sony are that it comes with the headphones, it has voice dial, and the battery life is excellent.  It is also smaller and looks slightly better although it is made of cheaper plastic.
- The H20 Armband is constructed primarily of wetsuit material.  It offers a measure of padding particularly on the sides and back.  However, the front of the phone is covered by a thin sheet of transparent vinyl.  Gear rubbing against it could easily damage or tear the vinyl and damage the iPhone.
2. The iTouch comes with an LED light and laser pointer, which are activated with a "long" and "short" press of the power button, respectively.  I would have preferred different buttons for each.
On the plus side, it lasts on standby for a few days (vice a few hours like my Sony BT headset does). It fits around my ear, and comfortably in my ear, very easily. The loop is soft rubber, so no sharp or rigid plastic is clamping on your outer ear. If the sound is not quite loud enough (the volume controls are easy to find by touch, but this in-ear speaker can only blast so much), the earbud can be gently pressed in to form a seal, and is easier to hear this way. Sound is so-so, some callers have told me they can't hear me if there's ambient sound, music, wind, or cars nearby. In all, better than average, but this is the second Jabra product that's crapped out on me, so be wary. (I recommend always owning a wired headset as a backup, and particularly for business or important personal use.)
The Kensington unit has a couple of advantages over similar units, besides just being way cheaper than some of them. Did you notice that remote pictured on the product page? Yep, it's a wireless remote with Play, Forward, Rewind, and call buttons. The whole unit got a lot of bad reviews when it launched because of the iPhone/iPod's crappy Bluetooth stack (no support for skip/rw BT buttons) but they work very well w/any phone with proper A2DP support. I used the kit with a Sony Ericsson dumbphone before upgrading to my HTC EVO.
7700	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted
9199	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I never run out of juice with this external battery.
4683	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Other reviewers were for and against this pouch. I was hoping to have better luck than most but that was not the case. After 10 days of wear it started to separate and droop where the vertical belt clip is attached. I am able to get by for now because of the way the pouch is made...using scissors I cut the metal belt clip section off and now wear it horizontally on my belt. Horizontally takes up a lot of room on your hip, but I will get by until someone makes a better vertical pouch for Samsung Galaxy S4 and hopefully one with a magnetic flap closure rather than the noisy Velcro type.

charge. I loved that the iTorch was light weight. I could put it right in
2025	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	5 stars if it fit more in the ear than on it.  There's a gap between it and the ear when it's on.  That doesn't seem to affect call quality or volume but it feels a little floppy that way.

the sound is pretty good, but the problem is: it's not good under crowded enviornment (a lot of hollow noise)
Second is the music and video players. The player that
6782	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent value!
5313	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I wrote this review for the white color, and copied it here for the black/blue one.
Thanks.
sorry

3005	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	One drawback of any soap-bar, or candy-bar style phone is that you have to lock the keyboard with some button combination every time you put it away or it will dial the last person you called, or someone on speed-dial when you inadvertently push one of it's keys. This holster has magnets in it that automatically puts the Pearl in standby mode, which disables the keys. The belt-clip also allows you to rotate the holster into the most comfortable position you can for driving, or  walking around.
Choose some other product, this one certainly does not work
As an email device and a cell phone, the 7290 is superb.  The bluetooth works very will, and the bluetooth headset integrates nicely with the 7290.  The battery life is great -- while using a bluetooth headset I don't need to charge the battery for 3-4 days.

5297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My dog chewed up the original. The price to replace it with the same ya right ill just buy a new one! Well this is the soulution very low cost and it works just like the original. The white stand lights up blue when you plug it into the usb port. The stand is not solid like the original though. Bottom line it does its job. It arrived on the first day of the scheduled delivery.

  - Can't really think of anything
The headset will operate for 6 hours of talk time and 100 hours of standby time and is ideal for me to use when traveling and especially when driving.  The noise canceling microphone worked well in that people could hear me but not all the background noise like wind or rain on the windshield.  The earpiece is comfortable to wear and is light enough that you forget you have it on.

5. filter for air noise works. I tested it while driving on highway with open window. Caller confirmed very little air noise disturbance and great voice quality.
I have also had no problems making calls, but remember, I'm comparing this to a Sidekick, and that was a crappy phone. I think you do lose something when you have a PDA phone, and that's when bluetooth headsets shine. If you talk on the phone a lot, I would suggest you get a dedicated clamshell phone as I have yet to fine ANY PDA phone that Excels (and that includes Treo, Blackberry and iPhone).
I give this external battery pack five stars because it works exactly as it is supposed to. It charges quickly and it remains charged for a long time. It will charge my iTouch many times before having to be recharged itself.


In conclusion, I have an error-proof device, it gives me a second socket to the one and only original socket that came with my car. GPS, phone, mp3 player and radar detector all getting power, and I don't need to worry about extra bulky adapters.

1252	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This headset works pretty well for my Moto Q9c.

Other cheap flea market ones fall apart in months, these last years and I'm very hard on mine.
I looked at my phones paired devices and noticed I had firmware version 3.1. I went to the Blueant site and downloaded the instructions and installation program for firmware version 3.4. I could not get the installation to work, so I called tech support. He told me that the instructions online were for Windows XP and I had Vista. He said that they have not posted the instructions for Vista online yet. He promptly emailed me the Vista instructions. They were detailed and precise. I upgraded the firmware within a few minutes without any problem.

Sound Quality - This is really the top area to question with a headset.  I'm happy to report that this headset delivers nicely in this area.  I am able to use less than the max volume setting in most cases which is definite progress over the other headsets I have used.  On the other end, it is important that you don't have the volume louder than you need it because otherwise people hear an echo of themselves due to the close proximity of the speaker to the microphone.  However, I have found the echo to be less of an issue than it is on the HS850.
698	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	oh fees. Oh my fee fie fo fum. This is a really funny thing to review. Who doesn't love regulatory fees? anybody?
I love it because all I really wanted was great reception at my desk and that's what I got. Other people might not have as smooth of an experience. Some install pains involved.
- design
2) keeps it cleaner

Overall,On a scale from 1 - 5 i will rate this charger 4.5 since there is always way to make it perfect.
4301	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I recently lost my Blueant Z9 and almost cried over it. I LOVED this headset... once I found an eargel that worked.
358	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I received, but only the case. Where is the battery ?
Sound is crisper than with the H680, and appears louder.
1816	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a good protective case to bring along my older "retired" iPhone 4 on trips as an emergency backup-- in case my current iPhone 6 is ever lost or disabled, the older iphone still has all my Address Book contacts and works on Wifi for email, internet etc.

2106	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I was looking for. I have an XMp3 radio and wanted to use it in the car. All I needed was the power adapter, not all the other accessories. It has worked great!!! Very happy with purchase.


2484	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The headset was brand new as stated, and took no time to get here, I would buy from you again.  thanks
1453	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had Jabra when it first came out, its battery stopped charging after 10 months. So I got this one as a replacement, it too stopped charging after a year. This is the problem with all BT earpieces, its battery is not replaceable which can be done if the industry wants to. They make more money by selling the whole unit vs we pay 5-10 dollars to replace battery. This kind of practice is not sustainable. I'm now back to the wired headset.


7589	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	like the title says.
Seriously, I had no idea it was so big...close to 7" would be my guess...twice as wide as my original if not more.
I also didn't want just a wireless headset with a lifter on a normal phone. I wanted a portable phone with wireless headset. Oh! The Calisto!
2774	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery works well with the Motorola phone.  Wife didn't like iPhone so switched back and needed battery.  This works great with phone.
Well done!
 Stay Tuned.
9567	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Verizon has a code you can dial to change your bars to an actual dba reading (google it to find), the lower the number the better.  I was around 92 dba.  With this device installed, i dropped down to between 68-72 dba.  Great product!  The absolute most important part of the installation is LOCATION.  Just a very small turn of the antenna makes a big difference.  I installed my on a 6' tall steel pole on top of the house.  I stood on the roof with my phone, I turned ever so slightly until I found the best dba direction, then I pointed the antenna in that direction.  The inside positioning of the booster and receiver makes a difference as well, but what i found is the outside antenna is where the big improvement will come from.  And yes, I live way out in the sticks.  No internet other than Hughes, so now we have Verizon hotspot and with the booster, we are at least double the speed we were with Hughesnet.
1144	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-R11BXZ124ZUX67" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1kR1m7MjYS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61S9PJpIfhS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Great little Usb Hub.  7 ports.  3 on each side, 1 on the front.  Powered by AC or usb.  Lights remain on at all times regardless of what are plugged into the ports.  A must buy if you need more usb ports for your comp.  Works on windows 7.  Have had almost a year with zero issues.
9671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great


7009	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Whenever I get a new portable device, one of the first things I do is buy a screen protector, then I have my husband apply it. When hubby got a Blackberry, I ordered these right away. When they arrived, I told him to put one on. Whenever I try to put something on like that, I end up with a mess. Well, hubby waited too long for my taste, so when he forgot his phone one day, I opened these up and stuck it on his BB myself.
6429	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This inexpensive product doesn't seem like it would perform too well but i've tried several brands of bluetooth headsets and this one is by far the best.  The price is excellent for such a high quality bluetooth headset.  I bought it for my father and he is not very techy but he finds it easy to use.  Once I set it up for him (which was a piece of cake) he's been able to use it without problems.  The range is excellent and you can leave the phone downstairs and go all over the house and still have a clear signal.  No bluetooth headset will ever sound as good as talking on the phone itself but this one comes very very close.  The sound is crystal clear and there is no static or echo sound like some other brands have.  You can talk for several hours without killing the headsets battery.  I would highly recommend this inexpensive, light weight, fast charging headset to anyone.
I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for some extra juice for any kind of USB chargeable device.
My friend's iphone got wet (a wine bottle broke in her purse containing the phone) and experienced some kind of a battery short where the battery could no longer hold a charge. We were able to use my imp52 to keep it powered and continue to use it without issue while connected to the newtrent power pack. When we took the phone to the apple store to get repaired/replaced and even the apple staff assisting us was impressed with the imp52 and asked questions about it, and couldn't believe its capacity or how we were using it.
541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I don't think these actually increase reception but when I use one,  most of my smartphones will work in buildings with metal roofs - that comes in very handy when I am working on a project and can't break away from the garage often
889	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The buds work really well and I love the convenience. The sound quality is great for talking but average for music.
LOVE the clarity of photos taken with this phone (it's a phone camera so photos are never going to be as nice as with a high end digital camera, but they are far superior to those with my old phone) I have also found it very easy to sync with my computer and swap/download music, files, photos and the like between the phone and computer. Overall, I would spend full price for this phone any day [...]. This is the first cell phone in 7 years I have been totally pleased with and glad that I bought.
Be careful before you buy it.
Take note that if you already have good signal this thing will feedback and go to "red light" conditions and WILL NOT work for you. This WILL WORK in very weak signal conditions.

8933	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The NewTrent iTorch (IMP52D) is a good looking, well built, slim charger that feels great in hand. It's substantial
The most significant negative feature is the screen --- it is extremely hard to see in sunlight.
- CFH
7585	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Looks great even fits the note with a cover on it, but the clip ripped from the pouch after only one week of use. Its a waste of time and Money.....
Best Data/Voice plan with T-mobile -- I have been with T-mobile for 5 years or so and have tried other services during that time. No other service has provided any better phone, signal, or features for a lower or even a competitive price.
-- Extremely cluttered interface.  Doing just about anything involves navigating menus, and there's no scroll wheel, so you can't do it one-handed: you have to use the stylus.
3559	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was carrying a PDA and a Razr cell phone. When I got this phone I gave my PDA to my brother and my Razr to my daughter. I love the full contact list with addresses, all the phone numbers and notes that are in my Outlook are now in my Dash and it syncs with Outlook. The calendar is really nice and that too syncs with Outlook. I don't try to use it for browsing the internet, but I do use T-mobiles T-zones to collect all my email from all my various email address types. It took some learning to find the easiest way to get to everything, but it's there if you look. For example, called and received numbers log with one key press of the send button, extremely easy contact look up by just starting to spell the name of what you're looking for and everything else gets eliminated, and my favorite applications stay on the home screen at the top so that they are only a push away.
2. The mount does not allow for minor angle adjustments--you have to find the right spot to mount it on your handlebar and hope it faces you correctly. Otherwise the GPS receiver screen may be difficult to read. Mine has a slight angle to the right but I can see the screen.
If you like to throw your stuff around, don't buy this, but let's be real, this is an electronic device.  You don't throw your laptop three feet because you are in a hurry? Do you?  You don't run to your car with your cellphone on while it is pouring down rain? Do you?  Then why would you treat this item any different?

The item looks identical to the one from CRONUZ. The only additional concern with this adapter is that I can't get the headphones to plug into this without using A LOT of force.  I did force them in to test the sound quality, but I don't plan on using this cord again. Also, because the 2 white adapters look identical, I would think this is a problem you might encounter no matter who you order from.
827	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	one bud came lose about 6 months after I bought them, but I just glued it back on.
826	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great
3. Delicate! Press too hard on the on/off/answer/disconnect button and you'll be asking for a replacement; same for the USB connector - be gentle. (Though it has survived several falls without incident).
4. You cannot add more than one number per entry (eg. James cell, office, home, etc). I thought this was a guaranteed feature on all phones made since the turn of the millennium, but I'm wrong once again. So all my entries are MarkHome, MarkCell, etc.

The Wifi support works fine - I was able to connect to my home Wifi that does not broadcast a SID and uses WEP. It took me 1 hour on the phone with support to find the place where the WEP key is configured, but once that was pointed out to me it worked right away. Wifi is my favorite feature - but only when the phone is plugged in to a power source.
3076	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's a case.  Fits what it is supposed to fit.  What else can you say?

9522	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to help in our phone reception.  It does the job well.  Thanks for the help to keep connected.
The fit is PERFECT.
180	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This thing worked well when it actually functioned, but today it stopped working and I am past the 30 day return window by 10 days give or take.


3129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have trusted the Fellowes WriteRight line on my last 3 PDA's.  Previously I used a hard green plastic cover that worked but was diminished the screen contrast quite a bit.  This is different.  The soft plastic is much like the type you peel off the front of new digital displays.  I find they last for months even with heavy usage and do not diminish brightness or clarity to any great degree.
2605	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The plantranoics works as promised.  Clear sound, easy to use, synchronised with no problems and great battery life.  Would give it a 5 start but it fits a little loosely around my ear and wish I could tighten it.  But it has not fallen off while in use and I have been recommending this headset to everyone.
4)  Sound is very clear and volume is really good.
However, it does take some skill in putting them on just right (some major precision). It took me at least a good 5-10mins to put the external screen protector on and not so much for the internal screen. Unfortunately, a couple of dust particles did get in the external screen protector and when I tried to take it off, I left finger marks on the screen which lead to a horrible experience trying to clean the screen. In the end I had to dispose of the external screen protector because of the mess I made while trying to clean it. But the internal screen protector remains and I'm happy with it. You can barely tell that it's even on there!



Next feature:  Noise Reduction.  Aliph makes a big deal about their noise reduction technology, and having now used it with amazing results, I understand why.  They DESERVE to tout their success in this arena.  Yeah, it is that good.  Watching the videos they have on their website demonstrating the quality made me curious, but I admit to having my doubts that it could really eliminate background noise to the extent that they promised.
It's also not leather, and has a very strong vinyl/plastic odor.
TIP - Try to find any defects with your phone within the first 15 days.  After that, VZW will give you a refurbished phone if you bring it in after 15 days.
Pros:
It really comes down to your intended applications.  Ignoring the price difference if you want something primarily for listening to music and providing excellent storage the Pelican is great.  However, if you want a case that will allow you to use all the features of your phone during your activities the H20 Armband is the winner in my opinion.
9963	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This battery was resonably priced, and shipping was quick, but it didn't fit the phone we ordered it for.  LG quality is iffy at best, and I wouldn't recommend it to anybody.  We were able to send it back for a refund.  Will have to order the battery someplace else.  Does't look like Amazon.com carries the size we need.  Battery costs more than the phone is worth.
I am disappointed that Amazon does not clearly explain what to do with products that go defective after a month.

5879	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had ordered another case for $28 in addition to this one and ended up returning that one (the $28 one) because I felt that the minor quality differences were just not enough in comparision to this much cheaper case. Overall, the feel of it is very nice; only thing I don't like is the hole on the back, which is there for the belt-clip (which I haven't and don't plan on adding). I would say that this is a great find, I doubt you would be able to find another case like this for this price.
Oh, one more thing - the whole marketing spiel about aircraft aluminum. I mean, is this super-aluminum or something? Or is it the same aluminum that Ford uses to make bad cars and I use to burn food on the barbecue? Anyway, whatever it is, it bounces well when you drop it.

I took it on my 2-week trip to Peru: a 4-day Inca Trail trek to Machu Picchu, and a 1-week stay at the Peruvian Amazon Forest lodge, Inca Terra, and was never once disappointed. It charged my Samsung Galaxy S II smartphone, and 2 iPod Touch devices.

151	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	although i do not use the charger, the cable is useful.  it is longer than what is given with the phone.  the additional length allows the phone to be placed in plain sight, instead of down by the wall receptical
2429	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First, the bad, and yes there is some:
5549	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had my Lenovo T60P since new and have always had good luck, except with Windows Vista which was replaced with Windows 7--- that turned it from a good laptop to an awesome laptop. I have been thrilled to only have to replace a keyboard as one key became funky, and finally the battery turned for the worse.... 6-years later which in my book is great! I picked up this as I do not expect to have this laptop forever, but since I still find it is as fast as most newer units and has all of the features I need for business and personal use, I'm sticking with it.
Cons:
When I received the product, I was expecting a simple battery.  It instead includes an LED flashlight and a laser pointer, in addition to battery power, a plus.
* The sound quality is good but not great.  From what others have told me, the quality on the other end is first rate.  The quality on my end is usually excellent however it regularly starts crackling in the background regardless of whether I am next to my phone or in the next room.  It is never so bad that I can't hear the other party but it is annoying.



9808	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have a new Sight Mark .223 red laser bore sight coming from Amazon to get the iron sights and GTU scope on my Colt M4 Carbine dialed in once this laser bore sight is delivered.  When it is, I'll be able to see how well these batteries work and how long they last.  I have always gotten very good service from the Energizer alkaline, lithium and silver oxide batteries I have used in my battery-powered devices in the past, and expect to get similar service from these silver oxide batteries.  I have also not needed to replace the batteries of this type in any of my other existing battery-powered devices, yet, but when I do, I'll report on how these batteries perform for me.

4857	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Overall, I've been extremely satisfied with Motorola's H7XX series.  I actually purchased the H710 and about the time the warranty was to expired I used it.  On Motorola's mistake, they sent me a H715 instead.  I didn't immediately notice though but little things were different.  The black shade was a little different and then I noticed "tones". Tones when I would connect, disconnect, etc. that I did not have with the H710.  I like both colors and they both go good with my original iPhone.  I think amazon has the best price on both of these... I would highly recommend them.  I am currently testing the Plantronics Voyager Pro and notice that it doesn't like my blackberry.  It works fine with my original iPhone but the voice quality isn't as great as it was with the H7XX series.  I'm returning it and requesting a replacement to see if it was just that one headset.  I'm really rooting for the PRO.  I find the H7XX series are easier to carry in the pocket as it folds nicely.  The PRO feels great and the smallest ear rubber piece works great for my ears.  I've had the headset on for hours and using the smallest ear rubber has worked the best. But enough of the Pro.  Thank you for your time.
5576	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great deal for me and another great Amazon Transaction. :-) !
Everyone should have this at the very least.

ill be updating to a NMO trucker antenna to get them maximum benefit out of this little booster.
6611	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have had this unit for a couple of years now I guess and it's still operating flawlessly for me. Live in an area where cell phone service is not that great. Placed unit on window inside of house facing the closest cell phone tower we knew that our carrier operated. Almost full signal in the house (living room) after install.
9266	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Still using this cover today. Had two other phones since I bought this unit . Holding up well and shows like wear. Unlike others I have had.
For Blackberry users like me you might consider buy a retractable usb cable because the Cable that comes with it won't charge Blackberry Torch neither the Playbook, so that was only the issue i had, but apparently this was made for iphone, so iphone and android users, you guys won't have the same issues i had.
5497	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this device for my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samsung-Exhibit-II-4G-Prepaid-Android-Phone-T-Mobile/dp/B00607JBNO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samsung Exhibit II 4G Prepaid Android Phone (T-Mobile)</a>&nbsp;which has similar dimensions and the device works great when I am running with the Fitness App Map My Fitness.
I like having this around for emergencies, but I still prefer just to have batteries for my phone to swap out rather than have this plugged in at some point throughout the day. (I use a Samsung phone with swappable batteries).
Also, although the sound was very good at first, I start get little noises and pops as the trip wears on. If I re-pair, it sounds fine again. Overall recommended.



The H700 has better sound than the previous headsets I owned.  I guess the H710 is supposed to be 25% better but I'm still a happy camper and will stick with Motorola!!
- Maybe Even include an iPhone cable instead of the the usb extension.
2544	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this case for my Note and was very suprised at how nice the case was for the price. I would highly recommend for anyone looking for a nice cheap case.
Just don't expect to see a huge gain in signal strength, ie 5 bars.
I have expensive sony earbuds also apple headphones and Nokia headphones supplied with my Nokia N95 8Gb, but this beats them all with the comfort and quality in A2DP.
6495	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	been using Wilson boosters for over 12 years, new version seems  to be working fine. Works great been using for over 15 years in my trucks
Yellow color is not neon yellow.

98	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not last that long
3934	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I researched this product online after I saw it at the Wisconsin State Fair. Most of the reviews were positive. The reason I did not give the product 5 stars, it came with a broken O-ring on one of its elbows and the price was a bit high at $89.95. Customer service mailed me a complete set of o-rings which were easy to install.

3911	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great water flow
First, the good.  The sound from this headset rocks!  The noise mitigating technology is great.  I work in computer data centers the noise level often fluctuates.  The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.  It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.
4814	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This does everything I wanted a case to do and not much more. It protects the sides very well with a easy to hold plastic material that helps me hold on to what is a very slippery device otherwise. I like the inclusion of polycarbonate on the back and on the front (at the top and bottom). This adds rigidity on the sides and helps the iPhone color to show through on the front and back. It has openings everywhere needed. I bought a separate screen protector because this case does not include one. The fit is tight, but I prefer the tight fit. Even with a screen protector the fit is fine. It is harder to open and get the unit out, but you won't need to take it out very often anyway. I like the way it looks. I like the sense of security it gives me to use my iPhone more often without worrying about dropping it.
It was packaged well. I was eager to install immediately to protect my investment.
The sound quality is good and he can hear the caller clearly and we can hear him well. The price we paid was a lot less that the $40 they are asking here. I only mention this as he goes through Bluetooth ear pieces quite frequently from daily use, to breaking them to simply losing them.
708	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	MY PHONE IS A CANDY RED GETS LOTS OF ATTENTION USING IT, BUT THE THE RING TONES ARE TO LOW IF YOU PUT IT IN YOUR PURSE YOU WILL NEVER HERE IT ,YOU HAVE TO PUT IT ON  VIBRATE AND RINGER AND KEEP IT IN YOUR POCKET. NEVER COULD USE THE SPEAKER PHONE I COULD HERE THEM BUT THEY COULD NOT HERE ME  MY VOICE WOULD SOUND MUFFLE.
8987	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the iTorch IMP52D for my week-long trip to SXSW. Without this device, my smartphone would have been dead by 10am. I kept the iTorch in my pocket and hooked up my phone anytime the battery level dropped below 20% and disconnected the phone when the batter was over 90%. I fully re-charged my battery at least 3 times each day.

The only draw back is when the keypad lights up the cover is over the keys and you can't see the lighted keys.
7134	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Simply put, I used it to replace another cable that the dog chewed. It works great, and the phone charges. Can't ask for much else.


So, here's where "expectation" and "variables" both come in. Some people would be furious at this, angry that it only covers two small rooms. For me personally? I'm fairly happy. Happy enough to keep it, let's put it that way. I don't have a home phone, so I rely on my cell phone. I'm also very flexible and willing to compromise. So for me it's good, I can now talk in my office and in my living room without dropped calls and without constantly saying "WHAT?" "WAIT, YOU'RE CUTTING OUT. WHAT?". So I have to say "hang on a minute" if I need to get a glass of water in the kitchen. For me, that's not a big deal. For other people, that might be a big deal, we're all different.

This has the standard 120v 2 prongs, rounded 220-240v 2 prongs as well as the 3 angular prongs. It can also accept inputs from all types of electrical cord. In other words, you can use this in any country with any consumer electronic device. It also has a builtin fuse that should, at least in theory, protect your electrical devices such as a laptop computer whenever there is an electric surge.
8796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great for traveling or business. You can't beat the Trent brand.
1569	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had 3 headsets already, and each one had something about it that I didn't like. I hesitated to buy this one, despite the great reviews, because I wanted one that didn't give me the 'telemarketer' look. Top things I was looking for were: sound quality, comfort, and battery life. This unit delivers on all 3 counts. It sounds fantastic, it's really comfortable (especially with the Jabra EarGels on the ear piece), and the battery lasts a long time. Looking back, this is the one that I should have bought in the first place. Recommended.
6046	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great as a backup to carry around. I think it would be better if it was flatter/thinner.

The gel covering provides an adequate cushion for the phone and does match my black S4 quite well.  Another thing I like about this case is that it does not interfere with my car mount at all and it fits inside of my leather holster case easily.
426	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A good inexpensive cable that works like the original.  I purchased this cable because I wanted one that would work with the touch stone I just purchased.  After reading several reviews and looking at competing cables I deciding on this one.  While several inches shorter (40") than the original it works well and with the touch stone.  I used this cable mainly for use in the car.
7089	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good deal
3067	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The recommendation that everyone else was buying this didn't work.  It could not have fit the portable scanner.....
And water resistant when close. Fit for its purpose.  Easy access to the connectors on the back

The Not so Good:
331	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a review of a few items I just bought. As they are all related and being used together Im going to paste the same review to each product.
4624	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	does what I want it to do.

P.S.  I upgraded to a Treo 755p in the summer of 2007 and it continued to work great - range and sound quality were even better with the Treo 755p.
2.  Data port, Power button and microSD slot are in weird places
5540	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Always a quality product with no issues and a good Seller.


Overall one of the better chargers that I have seen - a few tweaks to the product would be nice, but they do not detract from the overall product.  A definite must have for those looking for a pocketsize charger that has style, useability, and portability!
319	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Not had it very long,would have been better to get this a couple of months later(the review).But so far it's doing great.

Cons:
We ja r a phone case that's REALLY thick, and makes it hard to plug most headphone cords into because they can't reach far enough into the cases hole to seat fully in the headphone socket.
So, if you are looking for a external battery source for one of your gadgets I can't recommend the iTorch Charger with LED Light and Laser Pointer enough - - - - 5 STARS!
This Roadster Pro features two speakers and four mics! The difference is amazing. He can clip this speaker to his visor, as intended, and his voice comes through loud and clear. The noise management works really well. Even in my husband's noisy car, the background noise is greatly reduced and quite tolerable.
Sound- The speaker for ringtones is very loud and one thing I didn't like is that it was actually a little to loud for mp3 ringtones. But then after the upgrade it got quiet but then I think it got to quiet so in all I give it 2 stars for being to quiet and 3 for being loud But then for being to loud.
* Talk time is okay, but not great. I can get maybe 4-5 hours out of it, putting it squarely in the average range based on my experiences.
  On the second time i tried it, it performed flawlessly, other players were crystal clear and so was I. I don't know what the initial problem was, but apperently it resolved itself.
Overall this is a 5 star product and it really does walk right in the middle of needs. Plenty of power in a small package makes it a great choice in any setting from the office goer to an on the road warrior!
4334	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The best. Always get the HD, or HEAVY DUTY gearkeeper. For a little more, it will last much longer. The standard model is too light duty.
2181	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The video and picture transfer and email writing features are good, but you can not browse the internet. This may or may not be a Windows XP problem, I don't know, but it really is a bummer that I can not get onto the internet.
2574	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product works great!  It stays attached to my belt and keeps my Motorola Q protected very well.  I would highly recommend this product for anyone who wants a very durable case.
On my road trips i lost around 50% of the time my cell signal, with this booster it went to around 5% of signal loss
I got this case for my Garmin nuvi 660 (which by the way I also love!!!&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Garmin-nvi-660-4-3-Inch-Widescreen-Bluetooth-Portable-GPS-Navigator/dp/B000H49LXQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Garmin nvi 660 4.3-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator</a>). I wanted something a little more secure than the little "sleeve" that it came with, and the shaped leather, and magnetic closing flap of this one fit the bill perfectly. At the time I ordered my Garmin from Amazon.com, there was a special where I could get this case for just [...]. So glad I did!

If you want something that actually protects your phone, I felt much more comfortable using the Tire Tread case by igadgitz. Not only is it a thicker soft rubber that will protect my phone if I drop it, the tread design makes the case extra grippy so it doesn't randomly slide out of my pocket or off a table.
3176	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have one of these in every car. It really does keep your phone right within sight, easy to use, easy to reach, and easy to see without having to touch it. Depending on the type of phone and battery, you may or may not need to use the stick on magnet on your phone. If you do, it is very thin, does not get in the way, and you may be able to hide it behind your battery cover or phone cover. Then you stick the larger part inside your car (which is actually very small itself) it is very low profile attched to your vehicle, my dash is black, so it blends in no problem. and your phone is safe from rolling around, and within easy reach to accept a call, or close enough to use hands free. It has fallen off the magnet one time while I was driving over a curb (which normally you wouldn't do anyway) but if you do a lot of off roading or drive over curbs often this may not work for you. Stays put for all speed bumps, and such regular road hazards, including fast braking, and sharp turns.
Either way, this is a no brainer purchase for those that want to get their 2nd gen shuffles working again.


4148	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've tried a few different BT headsets (moto, jabra) but the jawbone is absolutely the best.  There's a few minor issues, but overall I'm very very happy.
809	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	We bought this phone for an expensive price last year thinking it was one of the best Cingular had to offer.  Nothing but problems over and over.  We tried to report it as defective phone - it wouldn't hold the voice mail set up and you had to call cingular again and again to reprogram it.  Then there is the problem of the buttons on the side that change your ring from loud to silent with a beep but those buttons should be located elsewhere where they accidently won't get pressed.  We have 4 Cingular phones one Motorola V600 and the rest the Motorola V400 GSM.  ALL OF THE PHONES DROP CALLS LIKE CRAZY.  YOU CAN BARELY EVER GET A CONVERSATION TO ENDURE TO ITS CONCLUSION WITHOUT IT DROPPING.  ALSO WHEN YOU TRY TO DIAL OUT IN THE CAR, THE "CALL FAILED" HAPPENS MORE TIMES THAN IT GOES THROUGH.  AS SOON AS THIS CONTRACT IS UP - WE'RE THROUGH WITH CINGULAR.  BEFORE CINGULAR WE HAD SPRINT AND THEY DISCONTINUED THE 3 PHONES WE HAD AND A FRIEND WHO WORKED FOR SPRINT TOLD US THAT THE REASON THEY DISCONTINUED OUR PHONES WAS DUE TO A PROBLEM WITH DROPPED CALLS - WE ALSO HAD TONS OF DROPPED CALLS WITH SPRINT.  BEFORE THAT IT WAS AT&T Wireless - with dual band analog/digital but that didn't work the way it was supposed to either so every time you were out of range - the call dropped.  WAY BACK WHEN WE HAD A CELLULAR ONE BIG PHONE THAT NEVER DROPPED CALLS.  WHAT'S HAPPENED?  PROBABLY TOO MANY USERS NOW SO THEY ROTATE DROPPING CALLS PURPOSELY SO THAT ALL THE USERS WILL THINK THEY GET EASY ACCESS TO THE TOWERS - JUST LIKE THE ISPs DID WHEN THEIR CUSTOMER BASE BECAME TOO LARGE FOR THEIR SERVER CAPACITY.
Verizon has alot of CDMA handoffs that are strictly cell to cell.  CDMA was designed so that a soft handoff could be made using both cells, and a 3rd to ensure no dropped data or calls, but I have not seen that feature used and experienced calls where one side was dead or where alot of cutouts happened in the mountains.  Now I have 4 bars/4 100% of the time - before it would drop to 1, 2, 3, or 4.  My vehicle telematics system is on ATT and shows its signal strength on the display when using it - seldom does att achieve even 2 bars here, and their antenna is external built into the car!  The ATT network has several times been unavailable for car data which seems to correspond to people who have iphones on verizon vs ATT - same phone, but terrible experiences w/ ATT.  It is unfortunate you do not have 2 real options with att and verizon due to ATT's weaker signal.  When cellular was first planned it was a duopoly with 2 options.  Now with PCS competition and confusion as to roaming on pcs you end up with one strong carrier nationwide.  Original analog cellular phones could be moved between carriers but today the phone is almost disposable since verizon and att chose incompatible digital systems.
7681	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love the phone but Amazon pricing sucks.  They dropped the price a week after I paid for the phone.
First, the good.  The sound from this headset rocks!  The noise mitigating technology is great.  I work in computer data centers the noise level often fluctuates.  The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.  It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.
8381	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fits nice and snuggly. feels rubbery and smooth (weird description but it does). it fits so well I've never tried taking it off...so I dunno if that'll be a problem
If you're going to use this always where you can keep the mic attached, I would highly recommend it.


 -The smart-multi-function button on the mike, the volume up/down toggle on the back of the earpiece, and the voice recognition program all work very well for me.
* The iPhone is only available with a 2-year contract from AT&T; the N95 is only available SIM-free (unlocked).
9561	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This booster works well but the range is so limiting that I wish I bought a more powerful unit with a bigger range.  It still works - I just have to be right next to the antenna when making a call.  And I mean right next to the antenna.  Overall, pretty happy with the purchase.
5482	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For under $5, can't think of better way to protect the phone.  Fits nice, actually looks pretty good in all black with silver controls exposed and easily accessible. Throw the plastic belt clip attachments away, they're bulky and hassle to get on and off the clip- who wear these small phones on the belt anyway?

6129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I took this charger to CES 2013.  As anyone who's been to CES knows, a single charge on a phone doesn't last the whole day.  I bought this product right before I left to use with my iPhone 5 (also a recent purchase).  My first impression taking it out of the box was how small and light it was.  I was expecting something bulky and heavy.  My next impression was how nice it looked.  Now I never heard of NewTrent before this and bought this simply because of the price and Amazon reviews so my expectations weren't high.  I charged it up the night before and towards the afternoon my iPhone was getting low and I plugged it in.  Worked like a charm.  Walking around about an hour let it charge up enough that I was satisfied.  I met up with a friend who also was running low from his phone and I charged his too.  This repeated the next 3 days.


3)  Buy an approximately 4 x 8 ft. piece of radiant barrier ( a type of insulation available at home depot made of aluminum).
My first record recorded like a DREAM !!!  All the warmth of vinyl (minus the hiss and pops).  The end result is better than the original.  I produced a Jazz album back in the '80s and have been trying to find a way to get the originals of the BETA VH-1 tapes.  Now I don't need to worry.  The original master disks from vinyl sound better than the the digital masters to my ears.)  I may just re-release it on CD this way.
I am using the 855 with my HTC Mogul and the controls for changing tracks and such work seamlessly. I do hear a significant difference in volume between music and phone calls. Phone calls seem much softer so I might try tweaking with the registry on my phone to see if I can pump out a little bit more fidelity, that is prolly just something other Windows Mobile users will be able to do.
4098	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The skin definitely does what it's intended to do, and is a perfect fit for the Curve.  In addition, it improves the look of the phone (in my opinion).  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I would have expected the skin to have a little more "grip" to it.  While it definitely protects the phone from drops, it doesn't really improve the "slip out of your hand" factor...  Overall, great product.

6295	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I would like to say I purchased the imp 500p back in November and found the product very useful with my iphone 3GS with my  usage of the phone the stock battery last a couple of hours with this unit I get a full day of fun with my phone plus some also I had a charging problem with the unit 4 months of the purchase and New Trent stood by there product and replaced the unit with no hassle all I can say is this company has an excellent product and they stand by it. Thanks again New Trent
Elegant design, simple operation. Fits comfortably in your pocket or purse. Built in LED flashlight and Laser Pointer are a plus. Great peace of mind product!
7624	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this unit 1 year ago and have plenty of experience with it. Initially when I opened the box it was very impressive. 4 ear loops 4 snap on ear pieces looked like it was made out of metal. Claimed outstanding noise reduction and great battery life + a fancy looking charger. Once I began using it I found that after 2 days the ear loop spring gets loose and the ear piece starts swinging wildly on your ear. In another week the snap-on ear piece fell off and got lost, ok so I have 3 more, now I know why, but they are all different size. After a year the ear loop broke, ok I have 3 more, but they are all different size and different ear. The charger pulled the back off the unit after about 6 month and I was just being real careful with it since then making sure the guts don't fall out. But wait, at least I have great noise reduction technology, which basically sounds like a metallic squeaky voice - ditto that. Only good news is that it sounds pretty good as a basic headset thought a little quiet.. Final opinion a big waste of $120 + tax.
8085	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE TO THE REVIEW BELOW:
7158	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have a lot of electronic that I can not charge in the house so this was a great item for me.
1173	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I replaced a four port USB powered hub with this one and it worked flawlessly right out of the box.  I'm using every port with two hard drives, a mouse, a printer, Lightdrive DVD burner, a Canon USB powered scanner and a camera. Saves a lot of time and trouble not having to unplug one accessory to make room for another.
Pros:


 When charging up the iTorch the LED lights really do not seem to indicate when the iTorch is fully charged.

Recommend this Item.

iPhone 8 feet away from inside antenna in same room:
1297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have pretty low requirements so here's what I was looking for:

I recently upgraded my phone to LG CF360 (2 days of battery life, phone must be on all the time for alarm), buy after a couple of days I came back to old Nokia 6085.
5758	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exceptional delivery by seller.  Item is just as described and very comfortable and light.  Thanks.
T-Mobile screwed it up.  You can't use any 3rd party email, mapping, HTML browsing, or RSS feed software because T-Mobile won't let you use Internet programs you didn't buy from them.
The form factor is good, balancing battery weight (only 4.4 oz) with a
1759	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to use, versatile, & very good price.  Has been superceded with newer product, but jabra has been just as good with other products also.
*CONS*
New Trent did replace this with another unit and the new unit works very well. I am now getting about 70% capacity from the battery which is acceptable in comparison to everyone else that overstates the true battery capacity delivery. The great form factor, laser pointer and flashlight all are the same great additions to a good battery. New Trent has had one of the most responsive and best customer service efforts I have seen. You cannot go wrong with a New Trent product; you WILL be taken care of in an exemplary manner.
If you watch which side you start with, these things are klutz-proof. I peeled the backing on the sticky side, aligned it, and pressed from one edge to the other. I got not one single bubble! Then I removed the backing on the outer side, pressed and polished. You can't even tell it's there! It's staying put quite nicely and is keeping the BB in mint condition. Just remember when you get them that there are two sides to these protectors, and you'll be fine. It's a great product.
6877	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They're Energizers.
9568	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my camper, which sits down in a hollow.  Normal reception on the phone is basically half a bar, so I was obviously concerned that there wouldn't be enough signal to boost.  I put the antenna on a piece of pvc and mounted that on the wooden marker post for the camping spot.  I can raise or lower it and change the facing direction if I want.  I put it up about 8 feet off the ground.  In the trailer the signal went to 2 to 3 bars.  Not being able to make a phone call before, has turned into being able to make a phone call now and with decent quality.  Data reliability also improved.  Range for me is maybe 10-12 feet from the transmitter, which covers the living area of the trailer.  The signal is broadcast in a cone, so you have to play with the transmitter a bit to get the best coverage.  The best part, my phones battery would drain in about six hours, hunting for a signal before I got this kit, now it goes down at a closer to normal rate.  For my situation, it was worth the price knowing that I can now at least call 911, which I likely couldn't before.

At my local noisy echoing jazzy starbucks- the other headsets were useless and I would have to go outside.  The jawbone allows me to speak in a normal voice despite being in a loud environment.

1592	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ever since i bought this headset I have become a fan of it. Its so comfortable I can wear it whole day without even feeling anythin is on, voice is crystal clear and its very easy to use. It pairs perfectly with my nokia 6610 as well as with my Dell Laptop so i use it for both VOIP calls and mobile phone calls. Also the service was great. I received the package right on the estimated date and never had to followup with anyone. A Superb Product !!!
I was able to not only charge my phone twice (once for each day camping) but I got to play with another nifty feature that comes with this little charger which is the laser pointer.  It has quite the range on it and relatively no affect on the battery as I played with it for some time.  It really didn't serve me any purpose other than just something to play with but would make great for business persons in need of something to not only charge their mobile device as well as have something for a presentation in their business meetings.  The battery will shut off automatically if you don't plug something into it and once charged and you unplug you device it will also shut down automatically as well.  Also shutting off manually is quite easy compared to some other external batteries and will shut down in a few seconds whereas some take 10 - 15 at least to shut down.
4310	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Well... Another disappointment. It has an acceptable sound quality but nothing of the noise reduction/isolation technology that stands up. It's a tiny piece that plugs into your ear with a delicate loop that is a bit awkward to deal with.. it feels so fragile (maybe that is why they send spare loops with it, in case it breaks).
8069	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Jabra SP5050 was easy to set and use. The only somewhat of a down side is I wish there was a little more volume to it. In heavy traffic it maybe hard to hear sometimes. Other than that works great.
7038	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My iPhone and my Magpul holder for it both were born for this holster.



Extremely hard to put on.
456	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good

  b.  Not a real con but probably would be nicer if it was thinner profile
1765	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This earpiece was a great idea, but the main issue with it is that it has no noise reduction, and that it begins to crackle too easily when my arm or body part gets in between it and the phone. Some may say that's normal, but NO--there are plenty Motorolas and Sony-Erricsons that have stronger connectivity that don't crackle as easy when obstructed, so don't buy into that line.
5694	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good clip. It worked just fine.
1132	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like the fact that this product has 7 ports and is a reputable brand.  The only downside is the bright blue light.  I think a green or less intense light will do just fine.  Also wished there is an on/off switch.
The negatives I have is that the keys are way to small for the phone.  I am an average sized male and my hands are not huge, but I have some issues with hitting the wrong keys.  Additionally, the keyboard area of the phone is very creaky; when you press the keys it makes creaking sounds.  The phone can be slow with some operations, specifically zooming into pictures and opening the picture gallery.  Lastly, the built-in accelerometer is finicky and often the screen will switch from portrait to landscape when you do not want it to, but NOT when you actually want it to.
6175	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP52D is pretty much perfect! I have recently became a huge fan of
- Well equipped (through Amazon)
8968	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this product in my post box 4-15-2013.  Firstly, I have to say I was concerned with the packing.  It was in its original box.  That box was in a bubble wrap envelope.  I inventoried every thing and was thankful  that All of the parts were in it and not damaged.


7123	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Would not stay paired with my 3g Iphone.  Volume very low with IPOD and Naviplay bluetooth transmitter.  Had to return the product.
Fine Print: Do not use the Thunderhead if you have a will to be unclean, dislike water pressure, enjoy trickling water, or don't appreciate finally taking a good shower.


7975	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This case fits the Navigon 7100 perfectly which is what I would expect since this product is from Navigon.
4785	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great piece of hardware haven't gotten to use all the features yet but from what I have used so far I am impressed. Delivery was prompt and in good condition.
860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Light weigth and good sound plus 10 hours of playing music time
Lacks the latest firmware update
3541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works fine
Turns on and off by extending the boom.  Lets you turn it on only when you need it, just like the Moto earpiece.
Easy to use

It also has a voltage range of 100-240v and that covers practically 100% of consumer electronic devices and all nations provide electrical voltage within that range. Most likely, you will not need a separate electric converter to use your consumer electronics device.
PROS: Power saving - just fold the microphone boom and it saves both headset and phone power. Very fast pairing and decent range. Great sound quality - you'll find yourself turning it down a lot!
1311	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This headset is usable but does not stay on ur ears. you wud perhaps need a sponge cover for the earphone.
202	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	bought this for my phone and it didn't work. the phone beeps on and off and doesnt work when charging.
8113	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for use with my new stereo capable MP3-playing cell phone and for use with Skype and audio from my laptop. I love the concept of this product: a small and convenient Bluetooth adapter allows you to listen to stereo sound with both ears plugged, or leave one ear open and talk on the phone. The mic is integrated into the tag and gives good quality to your side of the conversation.  The included stereo ear buds are also good quality for phone and music.  The tag/adapter/mic can be paired with any standard wired stereo headphones if you want to upgrade. Battery life is good.  It always lasts all day even with heavy use.  Two or more days is pushing it.  As the battery gets low it drops more frequently.
472	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	nice clip, just what i wanted
5072	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I don't use my card slot for any other purpose so I just inserted the card and left it in.  Music on a Treo is a joke so why worry about it.
Cons:

I am still getting used to the keypad, but it's not as bad as some of the other Verizon phones (the LG ENV for one). I'm not sure I follow the complaints in some of the other reviews about the touch keypad. The punctuation is clearly available without having to go into the numbers. Now on the real keyboard, that's an issue, but I'm getting used to it.
-I'll be using this as my mp3 player, and it's a camera that will be there even when I wouldn't have thought to bring one.
317	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It doesn't last like as a 7800 mah battery should, I have to charge my phone twice a day with light use

* Birthday?????????????????

8046	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well designed, fits superbly, grippy - you are not going to drop your phone holding this case.  Only drawback which really isn't a drawback?  It is bulkier than the original nokia cases which also makes it more protective!



We have 2700 sq ft. house with 2 stories plus a basement.  I am using a 10dbi antenna from some guys out of New York I found on the internet.  I paid $99 for this antenna because they told me it was a 17dbi antenna, but they lied.  However, it works and I am happy with what works...

  -It houses games too - who knew.
5539	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product
986	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	awsome
651	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This would not stick on my dashboard regardless of what I tried.  I threw it away.
5)Purchased used from an Amazon seller, came in like new condition with all accessories and instructions for less than $200
5139	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	First the phone could not connect to its own headset. Then it started missing buttons when dialing. Finally, it has stopped recharging the handset.
Ease of Use
2615	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this model 330 for a few years now.  When I wear it, I often forget that I have it on (it's that comfortable).  When it was new, it would hold a charge up to 3 days with occasional use.  I find myself putting it on the charger much more often lately, usually every night.  Speaking of the charger, the ear unit has a red light that sometimes comes on when the charger is attached.  I have to wiggle it a bit and set it down just right to get the light to stay on.  I have never seen the light go green or blue when on the charger, so I never know if or when it is fully charged.  Also when new, the volume seemed much louder.  The volume control still works, but it just seems as though the loudest setting is not as loud as it used to be.  So I have trouble hearing conversations while driving, which is the only time I use it.  For that reason I have ordered the Voyager 510 model, in hopes it will be as comfortable and provide better sound.
* Battery pack is able to recharge my Nexus 7 tablet, and also my android phones without a problem. Charging time for my devices isn't noticeably slower than charging using the device's wall charger, which is great!
*) The slider is hard to get to quickly - if you try sliding the phone open, many times you will actually reject a call.

1234	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellet
8584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My side usb port quit working on my Blackberry.  The only way to charge my unit is with this desktop model as it charges the BB via the terminals on the bottom of the phone.  If I didn't have this product, I'd have had to scrap the Pearl 1 1/2 years ago.
The Blackberry also has a major flaw in the lack of applications written for the device. It is primarily a one trick pony - that does that trick exceptionally well. By no means am I giving that device up - I love it for email. I tried the Treo because I was already a Sprint user and wanted to evaluate the unit as a backup to my Blackberry.
Overall, worth the money and better than the HS820 and HS850.
Battery Tip:  I tried to buy a new battery a year ago because it wouldn't hold a charge longer than 30 minutes after all these years.  I was told they don't make them anymore.  So, I decided to treat it like a land line and leave it plugged in.  After three weeks, I wanted to take my phone with me somewhere and found that my battery started holding a charge for a full three weeks again!  That was a year ago and it still holds it's charge for two to three weeks at a time!  I was recently told by a Verizon salesman to hang onto this phone because it's the best they made and lasts forever.  He also said he was shocked I wasn't getting "battery swell" from leaving my phone plugged in for days and weeks on end.  Apparently batteries in newer technology are purposely being made worse.  Sad...

7636	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Best customer service and delivery time ever received.  The Jawbone arrived faster than anticipated.  Little learning curve to know how to properly place the headset and adjust for comfort.  Once learning curve transpired, no problems with the Jawbone.  Would recommend to everyone.
In other words, an awesome awesome phone.
1. You need one bar of service, 3g if you want 3g, 4g if you want 4g, in order for this thing to boost signal. It DOES NOT support all network frequencies. Look up your carriers frequencies prior to expecting magic. It supports one or two frequencies per carrier, which are generally the main frequencies for the carrier. If you didn't buy your device from the carrier, make sure your phone supports these specific frequencies as well. If your phone doesn't support them, I suspect this product won't do much for you.
2050	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I drove the people at the store crazy trying on all the headsets on one afternoon, and I ended up buying the first one I tried on, the H700.  It was the lightest and most comfortable BT headset I've tried.  I wear sunglasses a lot and the H700 does not get in the way of the bows, I was quite surprised by this.  Finally, a BT headset and sunglasses can co-exist peacefully!.  I own the Motorola E815 phone and this headset and phone sync seamlessly.
10. Very nice organizer
Although I can't rely on it 100%, I always take my phone when backpacking in remote locations. Of course it's useless with a dead battery so this will really come in handy on future trips. I believe this is their smallest unit, somewhere around 4oz so it won't upset even my lightweight pack and gear.
1694	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Don't buy this.
3016	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	purchased this phone in Hong Kong, a white one
Also, while it's a nice feature that this holster has enough interior space to accommodate a bulky case on the phone, it also means that if you don't have a bulky case the phone will flop around in the holster so you won't be able to feel the vibrator very well.
Setup of the device is incredibly important and I would recommend having a partner and at least an hour to get it set up. What you'll want to do is set any phones you use regularly (particularly if they're on different carriers) and have one partner watch the signals on the phones (using the diagnostic digital output not just the bars(The wilson website can help you find this on your phone)). The other partner should move the antenna around to try to find the best signal. This partner also needs to keep the location of the repeater and desk top antenna in mind as if any of the components are too close the unit will turn its amplification factor down to avoid feedback. The installation guide calls for 20 feet between the antenna and the amplifier, but I found that 15 feet was serviceable as long as you had a wall or two in between as well.
Does exactly what it's supposed to do; what's not to like ?
So far, no problems, but I suspect that it will eventually wear out.
The only minor fault I have with the case is a small protrusion with two holes on the back bottom right, which I presume is for attaching a lanyard or stylus tether. The bump only sticks out a 1/16" or so, but it is enough to cause the device to rock (and make a tapping noise) when used on a flat hard surface. I have no use for a lanyard, so I removed the bump using a Dremel tool and a small cone sander. Others may find the attachment point to be a plus.. Either way the case is a bargain at $10.

9265	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	would order again the case holds up well with the daily grind of being a pipe fitter, phone stays put.
8649	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Item arrived quickly.
- Pretty good instructions.

Cons
Let me first say that the sound quality is excellent.  Sent myself a voice-mail while rolling the windows up and down on the freeway without an appreciable loss of sound quality!  Amazing in itself but you could barely tell the difference from "all windows up" and "driver/passenger window down."
4162	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Ok, me and my partner wanted this Jawbone because of their advertising of noise canceling so we ordered 2. Once they arrived we put them on the charger. One Jawbone broke before even first use: after the battery was fully charged half of the Jawbone came off with the charger when we tried to disconnect it - horrible charger connection. So, we sent one back for replacement. I started using the other one that's left. The Jawbone connected ok to my Motorola Q but when my phone rings the headset did not; i press the answer button - nothing; I press the answer button on the phone and phone works like there is no BT headset connected. Tried this with 4 different phone same result. So, the next day we sent the second one for replacement.
9302	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case was bought to house an iphone and a mophie combination. Works very well have used it everyday for 1 year. it needs replacing do to wear but held up well


I'd recommend avoiding this product.
1214	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this device maybe 18 months. Works great. I like the look. It is comfortable. Paired up quickly and easily with my SonyEricsson K750i. I like the look of the black (versus the silver of the similar BT500v). The product is recommended.

*Vibrating alert is very faint
A useful feature that is not listed in the manual is "AIRPLANE" mode: it disables connection to the network, so that you can use the device on an airplane, for example to play mp3s or backup the phone's address book to your laptop.

I hope all your business going well.
1814	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thank You!

It was easy to hook up and when I turned it on, I had 4-5 bars with AT&T and 2-3 3G bars and 2-3 regular bars with the Verizon.
2589	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Purchased this unit for the wife for use with her (verizon) Samsung SCH 950 phone, and it works quite well, both in and out of the vehicle. She claims it is comfortable to wear...but sometimes the button for answering and other functions can be a little "tempermental". If you press the button too hard,or too long, the unit decides to go into functions other than the one you might want. Even with practice, the sensitivity can be trying at times. Otherwise, the unit works well, and as promised. I also experimented with the unit connected to my LG VX_8600, and the Samsung pairs much better than the LG.


The music sounds great.  And I have used it for phone calls too, with no complaints.
The unit worked as intended.  The size of the powerpak is near perfect as it can easily fit into your pocket or bag / carry on without taking up a lot of space.  It is also nice that the iTorch utilizes the phones existing usb charge cable so that additional cables and adapters are not necessary.
5186	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The case offer good protection, but the screen protector makes it difficult to view the phones apps in bright light.  Also the snap on holster does not hold the phone if you are wearing a jacket.  The clip style holster barely hold the phone in place and the jacket rubbing against the phone is enough for the phone to fall to the ground.  You need to be careful because if you are on grass, snow or in a loud area you will not hear the phone fall.

The watch only takes two cells so, Ill put two more from the pack in it to see if leaving it alone for a month makes a difference. But changing the battery is a tedious thing. Not rushing to do it


8988	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've tried external battery chargers that take 2 AA batteries, but with the latest batch of electronics they just don't seem to have enough current to charge these devices.  I started looking for replacement chargers and came upon this particular model.  It seemed to have a small enough profile to allow it to travel almost anywhere I go without adding additional weight but still packing enough of a punch to recharge my phone or other electronic devices that are on the verge of dying.  This device has saved me a few times while I have been out on the trail where my phone is constantly searching for a cell signal which in turn drains my battery fast.

340	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Its great to have such a sustainable battery life.  days go by and no charge is required.  All fits well.

Excellent sound quality - with as well as without speakers
* Doesn't work well under windy condition

Another update: Even though the noise cancellation really works, it also breaks up your voice and the callers voice. I suggest you only use the noise cancellation when you need it. Since the noise cancellation is set to be on by default when you turn the headset on, you have to turn it off yourself.
I've been using it for a few weeks now without any issues.  The belt clip seems to be holding up pretty well considering that I'm usually pretty rough on my phones and holsters.  The only thing I would like changed on the holster is to have better side protection.  The bottom and top corners are exposed and can be scratched easily if you're not very careful.
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003NQ5NWI/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_hst_38
4678	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The threading on the belt loop holder became loose (about 25%) after about 2 months or light use. That made the case completely unusable. I uploaded a picture of the problem after I tore the holder all the way off to illustrate the poor stitching.

Pros:
4478	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I was pretty disappointed in this. First, it's not very sturdy and didn't last very long before it was broken after being held in my pocket when I'd go out. It didn't really matter, though, because I didn't miss it; the audio and A2DP quality were both pretty disappointing, so I just got a new, better one and didn't feel too bad about it.
2832	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great item at a great price. I like it and hope to purchase another one. I also recommend it.
9294	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First of all, if you have the extended battery then this will not fit. That is not the product's fault though but is just a warning.
5096	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Item was priced well and delivered in timely fashion but I can't find the correct driver to make it work with my phone.  I've email the company with no response.
1195	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As describe arrived very fast

2543	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, I bought this for my wife's Note a while back. Its cheap but fits well without added bulk. The grippy sides really helped holding this larger device and she loves that most. All the ports are open and the power and volume buttons, though covered, function perfectly.
The only con is activating the LED flashlight since it requires holding the button for 3-4 seconds while the laser pointer is only two clicks. Seems more reasonable to have quicker access to a flashlight than laser pointer but that's just my opinion. But despite this, I still give it 5-stars for the performance and quality.
9616	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The cell phone service in my place isn't too bad.  It's about what you'd expect - you look at your cell phone and see that you have a full signal, but as soon as you place a call, or go online, it drops to 1 or 2 bars.
Shipment was like next day, mainly because the seller is about 40 miles from me.  It was shipped the day after my Sunday evening order time.

9070	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This external battery is perfect! Exactly what I was looking for. I love my IMP1000 (old 2010 model of the newer IMP120D)...but I found myself not bringing it with me as often as I'd like due to it's larger size.
8646	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	covers nicely. a little tricky to place the internal screen cover on. But love them - great protection

2076	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Have AT&T & a lousy signal in my house (had the same problem with Sprint, but bought a booster that DID work from Spotwave).  Don't bother with this product.  It is going back.

6648	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.  I used to have 0 or 1 bar, now I have 5 bars.  Its a little pricey but it works.
2547	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pros -
One day, while I was trying to answer a call, I was pulling my BB out of the fumbly leather holster it came with, and I dropped the phone onto concrete.  That was it.  It was lights out.  The 3 or 4 day down time until I received my new unit was almost unbearable.  The insurance deductible didn't help.  Then even though my service provider transfered all my phonebook, it didn't transfer all my calendar, notes, tasks, and most important of all, my passwords.  I was more than a little disappointed.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/White-adapter/dp/B000WKQ8LS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">White adapter</a>&nbsp;received from seller "eTECH" (mailing label said "iflash Inc" / not this listing) - 1 star:

8778	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received in about a week. Fits fine. I've taken it off and put it back on a few times already and no problems. Not seeing the same issues as some other people. You can't just yank it off and maybe that's what some people are doing. There's some hinges that you have to press to remove the casing. Only issue is you can see the white plastic around the edges. Only the outside shell is painted leaving the interior and edges white. Just use a black marker to clean it up.
The camera has too much shutter lag so it can be hard to take snapshots compared to my old Motorola. (deduct one star and keep a Lumix in my front pocket)
2269	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	As advertised.
I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.
7895	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought my daughter Minnie Mouse head phones for her iPad mini.  The headphones would not connect because of the case.  I need and extension and this worked perfectly for it.
1702	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	gracias
2472	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice stylist product.  I am using it with my Treo 700P.  Crystal clear sound quality and different volument levels that suit me (use hearing aids).  Long lasting battery time.  I charge it on the weekends only.

218	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Order shipped quickly and was exactly as advertised.
6834	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent .
Also, although the sound was very good at first, I start get little noises and pops as the trip wears on. If I re-pair, it sounds fine again. Overall recommended.

9669	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good
With a cable you can connect to your pc directly and listen to music too.
5228	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its okay.  No problems at all

8002	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery life is great! I use it for paintball and hunting. Look for my review on the radios, buy the Trisquares, I have tried many other products and these truly are the best. 1000 yards in dence woods with no problem. The VOX kit here works flawlessly.


6973	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like it very much.  I'ts everything it should be.  I would order again.
9626	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What ca you say about batteries? These work as expected. I bought them to replace the dead batteries in a couple of watches and they work fine. I recommend the batteries and the vendor.
6526	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thing actually works! I am happy with this purchase.
2354	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The main reason we got this headset is for my girlfriend, who has fairly tiny ears. Most headsets fall off, while this one stays on quite well comparatively. The audio quality, while not the greatest, gets the job done.
5575	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	WORTH THE MONEY
7401	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for when I work outside or do remodeling inside. The phone is very protected from damage and water, and it's close by, so it serves my purposes perfectly. The earphone jack is a huge plus. However, this isn't a case you're likely to slip into the pocket of your jeans. It's very bulky.
8029	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	so far the phone is still in working order other than the battery runs down very fast. but it has great features but takes a while to learn them because they are different than a samsung
381	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works really well as a battery life extender.

5397	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best accessory I have every bought for a phone.
Your other, much smaller models don't compare in sound quality.

I'm very satisfied it is performing exactly as intended. I was concerned that the film would decrease the sensitivity of the touch screen and interfere with daily usage as the phone was designed. It did NOT. This film did NOT impeded tactile sensitivity and allows full function without degradation of phone function.
Now for the important part:  how it works.  The Jawbone was simple to pair with my cell phone (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HP-iPaq-6945-Unlocked-Cell-Phone-with-Wi-fi-GPS-MP3-Video-Player-SD-U-S-Version-with-Warranty-Silver/dp/B000ILDSLO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HP iPaq 6945 Unlocked Cell Phone with Wi-fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, SD--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)</a>), as most Bluetooth headsets are.  More importantly, I've paired it once and it has maintained that pairing without issue ever since, unlike the previous headset I owned which lost its pairing at least once a week, usually while mid-conversation.  This is annoying, certainly, but for a user that won't use their cell phone while driving without a hands-free device, this is very unsettling.  If I wanted/needed to continue a call while on the road, I disconnected the call, pulled over to re-pair the two devices, and then started my call and my trip again.  This is a major issue for me, so I am extremely appreciative of Jawbone's reliability.
3159	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I glued this magnet to a cheap $5 windshield phone mount and the think metal plate to the back of my iPhone 4's case. It works just fine
Overall

I decided the cables that came with the unit would be good for charging the IMP500 itself.  But I bought a separate retractable micro USB cable to connect the IMP500 to my phone.  The advantage of buying a separate cable is that it has the right connectors built in, so it's a lot shorter than the universal cable and adapters that came with the IMP500.  Retractable USB cables are cheap and come in various configurations, so no matter what device you have, I highly recommend you get the right cable you need and forget about using the one included with this kit.
Even worse, the battery goes from 2/3rds to no power very quickly and unpredictably. You will start the day thinking you have several hours of talking left, and will find yourself at zero power after a 15 minute call. Carry a spare battery and / or charger to avoid frustrating and inconvenient downtime, or better yet get a more efficient phone.
955	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought these to replace my LG headset which kept dropping audio during phone calls.  The sound quality is very good.  It has a longer range than the LG. Overall very pleased.  The software that runs the headset is not as advanced as the LG, it doesn't announce the battery level and it can only be connected to one device at a time.  When it announces it is connected, if two of your devices have bluetooth on at the same time, you don't know which one it is connected to because it does not identify the unit it is connected to.

1.comfortable

The case is easy to open and close.  This case is better than the $30 case I used before.  My running belt is an Amphipod.
Bottom Line:
 - no "favorites/shortcuts"
66	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Sent case that didn't fit
Overall, I'm quite happy with this; it is better than anything Verizon stocks for this phone.
 * if the IMP52D is being charged or
9851	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	While this is clearly a well made product, it only works WITHOUT a case on your iPhone. For me, that is a deal breaker. I have no interest in taking my iPhone in and out of a case each time I want to mount it in my car. If you do not use a case, then this is probably a great product. If you use a case, look elsewhere.
8556	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my BB 9650. I have an IGo car charger and home charger and $10 tips make for easier purchases than $25 chargers every time I switch a device. So far this ha sbeen great.
JIS "6" Direct jetting water from any direction shall not enter the enclosure (Water tight)

3817	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Im really happy with my new cell phone unlock works really good the only thing that dosnt like me its the battery :p.
I decided to give the Jabra a real-world torture-test right out of the box. We recently purchased a new smart fortwo -- the European micro-car that has just gone on the market in the USA. It is definitely much louder inside than our other cars, as the engine is directly behind the driver's seat and these cars have very little sound-deadening material.
2419	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	An above average headset for the price made totally non-functional by a ridiculous in-ear design. I totally agree with the other reviewers that couldn't keep this from falling out, even after considerable effort and experimentation.  Supposedly there is an optional ear loop that you can BUY from Samsung....should be included (and I couldn't find), but not sure how even that could work with the design.  I'll bet the next one is designed different and hopefully will also tweak-out the echo. That could be worth consideration  because the audio quality/size/price has potential.
That is all I have to say. There is a good headset out there. You don't need to wait any more.

9729	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received package based on projected dates.

7136	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	When I plugged it into my computer, the whole computer turned off. When it powered on, I received this message from the BIOS: "USB device over current status detected" and it shutdown after 15 seconds. I'm running a self-built computer with an over 900W power supply, and I only had 1 other USB device connected.
Well, I have been using it for about 2 weeks and there is an area through the hills where I always drop calls.  I mean I can't EVER get through that area without dropping a call, but now with this device-I don't ever drop calls through that area!  Also, driving to the Oregon Coast there are many spotty areas, but the reception improved dramatically with this device.  I also found many fewer dropped calls along with improved reception.  Can it take areas where you have no reception an turn them in to reception zones?  Yes, but there is no way to know if yours will work or not with this device until you try.  Can you get better reception from your existing areas with this ?  Absolutely.  Does it work?  Absolutely.  It runs very warm, which I thought was interesting but is not concerning and managing the wires is a challenge, but that aside-this is a game changer of a product.  Indeed your reception can't help but improve if you have this product on board for you!
What really impresses me is the build quality of this phone.  Nowhere can you find out where this thing is made, but the material and fit and finish are excellent.  I'm very happy with this inexpensive purchase.
most importantly is the screen protector itself. when you first look at it, all you see is a clear piece of plastic and a little tab attached to it. It's important to read what it says. the tab is glued onto a piece of plastic which is attached to the protector. hold itby it's sidesand pull on the tab slowly. this should begin to seperate the tabbed plastic sheet from the protector. it's like peeling off the protective paper from the back of a bow or ribbon or double sided tape with paper on it.
5547	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Received this item New Replacement 9 Cells High Capacity Li-Ion Battery for IBM ThinkPad Compatible Models in a timely way, properly packaged. However, it failed to charge on or power my Lenovo-IBM ThinkPad T60 -- a laptop explicitly mentioned as compatible with this battery. The laptop's charging system did not detect the battery, and no amount of workarounds seemed to help. I do not know if the failure to detect the battery was due to the lack of an identifying chip in the battery, dead cells in the battery, or no cells at all in the battery.. In any case, returned it to Amazon (free return shipping) for a full refund. A+ to Amazon; -0- to this vendor (fulfilled by Amazon) and product. Purchased a different replacement battery from Amazon and that seems to be working just fine -- it was twice the price of the failed one. TANSTAAFL! (There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch!)
214	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have the Samsung note 3 and due to high phone usage I use this charger a lot. It charges quickly and I do like the blue light when its connected. It does what it says.
- Can take self portrait with the phone closed, simply by holding the smart button.
3684	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got an OEM LG charger when I ordered here. Worked nicely, coils up well also.
4. Though the keypad is inconveniently small, it is still usable.  I would not dial out of my phone with the keypad I would just bring up the dialing key on the touch screen.
8240	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My daughter needed another charger, and this is exactly what she needed. It works well, I hope she doesn't need another one. If so Amazon here we come.



- 3G is useless on USA or Dominican Republic [Where I live]
V_O_R
5836	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far so good. Used it multiple times while cycling. It seamlessly interfaces with my farming edge 810. Time will tell how well it holds up
3163	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Terrible quality, didn't fit my vents securely. Flopped around when driving..tried to take it off and it broke. Waste of money.


4518	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was so excited about getting a "convertible" headset.  However, this one is just terrible.

-I like the double press laser activation (kids have been chasing the red dot like cats :D)
6710	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product fulfills one need and does it really well.  It takes virtually all cell signals, for every carrier and using an external antenna (that can be mounted on a window even), amplifies it, and rebroadcasts it in one room.
* 3.5mm Stereo/Audio Jack is built-in. No adapter needed. Amen BlackBerry! Just plug my Shure buds in and I'm in audio bliss.

7673	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I thought these headphones were a good deal at the price.  They did link up to my MP3 and the sound was ok since I mostly listen to books.  However, for no reason they broke near the earpiece.  After reading other reviews I find this is a common occurance.  I "fixed" the break with epoxy and tape and ordered more expensive headphones with better reviews.
Overall Satisfied with the product!
3549	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have tried many many cell phones but this phone is unbelievable. I put a 1 gig memory card in it. Right now, I have a 140,000 word dictionary on it, the NIV bible, Star Wars, many videos of my son, about 100 wma songs, and a ton of pictures. It syncs up to MS Outlook like a charm so all of my contacts, appts, tasks, and emails are always up to date. It comes with bluetooth and works great with my logitech headset. It also has wifi which has been flawless with my wireless network and is very speedy. The screen is absolutely gorgeous. The camera takes decent pictures and video. One of the best features is the battery life. For all it does it lasts an incredibly long time. I have not found a smartphone that even comes close to these features especially for the price. I like it waaaay better than the treo, blackberries, Q, or any other qwerty device. It's glued to my hip and I use it all the time. I love it!!!
6191	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I brought this product with me during a 4 day convention earlier this month. It only took about 8 hours to bring it to a full charge before using. I also noticed that it took at least 2 days before the battery pack fully drained, which was great. What I like about this product, other than its range for charging my devices is the portability and ease of use. It works with practically all of my electronic devices that can be charged via a USB cord, and I would highly recommend it for travel or everyday use. This would be a great alternative on saving not only time on juicing up your electronics, but also with spending extra money on extra batteries for your products.
7957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	While this adapter does pass the stereo signal to the headphones it does not pass the microphone signal as stated in the description. In other words it is not a full 4 conductor adapter.
I am cancelling my AT&T account, as well as my Palm.net account (no longer need that since the Treo 600 replaces my Palm i705) and going with the Treo 600 for both wireless phone and Palm Pilot features.
I'm turning off my phone today...
3. The placement of the antenna on a window up one floor worked great for my location. The recommendations on antenna placement seemed really difficult to comprehend. I got the basic idea and was lucky that it worked well.
I took a risk and bought this for my new Kodak P811R Personal Photo & Negative Scanner and magically it just fitted right into this case. I read one of the reviewer's comments that the inside of this case is 11 X 2 X 2 which was extremely useful in confirming that it may work.

1629	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This headset is a replacement for a logitec I had used for years.  It is my second bluetooth and the fit is great.  It does not hurt the ear and stays in place very well.
7322	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery, great price. Nice phone to replace my
6393	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been very happy with the SwitchEasy iPhone cases. The holster provides the option of carrying the phone on one's belt. The phone (with SwitchEasy case installed) snaps tightly into the holster, which makes getting it out of the holster a bit of an effort, but not bad. Better than the phone falling out. The clip is large and easy to use, and rotates to carry the phone vertically or horizontally. It remains to be seen how durable the holster is, but at the moment it works just fine.
335	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This setup doesn't last much longer than the thin battery. I was willing to accept this big thick package if I could get a big extended battery life but instead this is lucky if it lasts eight hours. Do not buy.!
I mounted them on windows where I usually get two bars of signal on the outside, but one to none on the inside. The improvement is hardly noticeable, and you have to be right next to the window (within a foot of the antenna) to see a rare bump up to two bars, but usually one bar.  Using the phone inside, even next to the window, is still unreliable, and impractical.
- Nice big screen

9515	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was researching ways to boost cell signals when I found this. After reading many reviews I realized that the issue of weak cell signals can be fixed, easily and permanently, with a cell phone that can use WIFI to make receive calls text and data. A weak cell signal is a common problem with concrete and metal buildings shielding those signals out.  And many live in areas where cell signals are just weak.  But we always have access to WIFI at home or in the office. Republic Wireless solved this problem over two years ago. It uses VOIP calling backed up by both Sprint Cell and Verizon roaming. It also works world wide on WIFI for $5 a month. Service is unlimited and has no contract. An unlimited call and text plan is $10 a month, and unlimited cell, text and data is $25 a month. You do have to use their phone (Moto X $299 or Moto G $149) because they need Republic's proprietary software to work at these rates. I have been using them for over 18 months now and it has worked perfectly.

2531	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This a great deal and it is one of the best sales I have gotten here on amazon.com


Now for the problem where people cannot hear you, or you sound muffled or away from the phone.  Wearing your bluetooth, look in the mirror and see how the boom touches your cheek or if you have a beard it'll touch that.  Note there is a very small hole on the inside of the boom that gets the sound.  Now anything that touches that will impede your voice....it's like putting a towel over a regular phone and talking to someone. Not you do not need puffy cheeks for this problem to happen.  Unless you have a very narrow face, chances are this will happen to you and you'll blame it on the bluetooth!
-the ear hook hurts my ear, no matter which side I use it
I have not used the software that came with the phone since it is not for MACs.  Nokia has a plug-in you can download on their website to use the phone with a MAC's iSync software and it works seamlessly.  The phone also works well with the HandsFreeLink Bluetooth in my Acura.  You can download MSN Messenger and Hotmail for the phone, as well as check your POP-3 based e-mail.  The web browser works well and most pages display fine, if a little slowly (even over Wi-Fi).  The map program is accurate as well, although you have to subscribe to a service for voice guided turn-by-turn directions.  If you don't pay for that you just get the directions displayed on the screen all at once.
991	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent




4829	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this product with high hopes and high expectations. After a few weeks, it started having alot of static, battery life was terrible, and the range was terrible. I am trying to return this product right now. I am very dissapointed.

6760	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	awesome! thank you!

  Speedtest: No ping, no data transfer
6916	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I buy all my specialized electronic devices batteries online. They are cheaper than getting them at the store.  So, far, I haven't had any issues with the batteries I purchased.
The N82's camera is a great improvement on that part. It has a Xenon flash and a much faster response time. I personally prefer the lens slide as a camera activator because it prevents accidental camera mode when in the holster, something I have experienced with the N95 quite a lot.
If you're going to test things in your house you might want to make sure everything else is off first - so you don't get any false readings.
Although this strap was intended for cell phones, it could be very useful for holding/separating small electrical/electronic sub-components.

- Possibly put the LED and laser on the other end of the adapter location, wires etc get in the way if you try to use them while plugged in.
There's really no protection on for the camera or front, but if I'm not dropping it anymore, it doesn't matter.
First I noticed my mouse didn't work. So I unplugged it and plugged in another one. "That's strange, that one doesn't work either," I thought. "Hmmm, and what's that smell?"  Turns out, that smell was a hard drive frying.  Once I figured that out I unplugged everything and waited.



6178	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My iPhone is in constant need of charging, like about 4 or 5 5imes a day (what can I say, I'm a heavy user). This battery pack is light, small and handy and keeps my phone going when an outlet is not available. Once charged, the battery pack seems to provide a lot of charging before needing a charge itself, and that's good. However, charging the iTorch takes a long time, and by that I mean at least 4 hours and maybe more. The company claims about 500 charge/discharge cycles, but you get more out of the iTorch than that. We'll see...
4192	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Hi:
I have had Pocket PC's in the past, and had no learning curve with the program. The reality is however it is quite user-friendly and takes little time to master.
* Support for nearly every Bluetooh profile in existence: A2DP for stereo audio, DUN for tethering the phone's internet connection with a laptop (for on-the road use), OBEX to send/receive files and browse the internal filesystem from a computer.


1572	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this item after seeing so many positive reviews primarily for using it while driving. Even though I myself do not "hear" any problems at my end, numerous times I have heard from the person at the other end that they could not hear me properly.
Solid build quality and does what it is supposed to do
*Helps you locate faulty wiring in houses - you should be able to pick up a little bit of Electric (AC) energy around outlets, but if it spikes there's probably something wrong.
Not enough juice to charge power hungry tablets to full
If the replacement Roadster pro that I get back has adequate battery life then I will review this "review" and give it 4 stars.  It loses one of the 5 for not having the FM modulator.
The product sounds good, but truth is my phone never stayed in place. It always kept sliding off, & two months later my product broke.. So thats why i rated poor.
3663	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Waist of money..

Auto-shut off - Once device is full, unit shuts off to conserve battery
5674	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been using this headset for a while now.  It is lightweight and does not get lost easily like those little toy bluetooth earpieces that hang off your ear.  I see people walking around like they have a stiff neck because they are afraid to turn too suddenly or it will fly off and be lost forever.  Not this one.  Sound quality is very good too, just be sure the boom mic is lowered down to in front of the mouth area.  One thing I don't like about it is the battery saving feature.  After about 20 minutes or so of non-use it automatically turns itself off.  You cannot even wake it up by just a touch of the button.  You have to actually hold the power button in for several seconds and power it back up.  This takes about 5 seconds to accomplish, then it has to connect to your phone- another 5-10 seconds or so.  If you are in a conversation on your handset and you want to quickly go to handsfree then you will miss about 10 seconds of conversation while powering up and reconnecting- not very good.  A fast power up and fast reconnect would earn this headset a definite 5 star review from me.  Otherwise it is a good product and only second to the VXI blue parrot.
I purchased and used this in conjunction with this power strip&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Monster-MP-OTG400-BK-Outlets-To-Go-4-Outlet-Travel-Power-Strip-Black/dp/B000F9YN2M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Monster MP OTG400 BK Outlets To Go 4 Outlet Travel Power Strip (Black)</a>&nbsp;and it worked pretty good. I was worried about a blowout but it never happened. At any one time I was charging 2 camera batteries, a cell phone, and Ipod and running a netbook and it all worked.

6829	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received package based on projected dates.
2400	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really would recomend this product! size could not be better, batt duration it's excelent.

1943	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Seems like a simple goal - to make a product that works well for all conceivable purposes. This one is the first thing I have owned in my entire life that gets pretty close. I expect from my head set that I can
So... could I get even more out of my ALAC files if I had purchased a more expensive Schiit headphone amp and DAC?  Probably.  I'm certain they are fine equipment with different/improved qualities that impact the playback of music from a computer.  I know I'm sold on what I purchased!  But again, this is about dollars and cents and value.  I feel like I have done very well on the value-scale and that I imagine I could be very happy with these items and never feel compelled to move up in the product lines.
7704	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	i bought this phone for my daughter for when she had sleepovers and school functions. However i thought i was safe with the pay as you go... we bought a $10.00 card for her, and used it a few times... still had a balance, however the fine print said that it uses $.35 per day if you use the phone or NOT. Thus sucked up our $10.00. When I called to place money on the card a couple of months later, found out that since we have not used the phone in over 30 days, and the account had a balance of 0 for 30 days, we had to buy a new sim card costing $9.95 plus pay for extra minutes. This IS NOT WORTH IT! You are better off adding a family line at $9.95 a month, and using your AT&T or T-mobile sim card and plan. PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME like i did! Also their customer service SUCKS... For a plan designed for kids, the service is designed to trap you to keep pouring money into their account, not as an alternative family friendly phone for kids.

2)  I activate pairing on the device each time I want to switch from my work blackberry to my personal palm phone.  It's a bit annoying, but for $5 its quite doable.
9473	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I originally installed a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wilson-Electronics-Mobile-4G-Vehicle-Cellular-Signal-Booster-Kit-Retail-Packaging-Blue/dp/B00JG9O2P0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wilson Electronics Mobile 4G Vehicle Cellular Signal Booster Kit - Retail Packaging - Blue</a>&nbsp;in my truck and rated it 4 stars (maybe 5). It does what it is advertised to do, but my experience with it only produced marginal improvements. So why the 4+ star review? Well, if you're in an area where you have only 1 bar and you get an additional bar, that could mean the difference between a call staying connected and a dropped call. Also, the booster (I'm no electrical engineer) seems to smooth out the signal (so whatever bars you have are also more consistent (? Again, I'm no engineer). Other reviewers noted an increase in data speed, but that's something I have yet to notice.
It's great for listening to the music on your phone, but I can't use it for calls. I can hear them but they can't hear me well.
As for the fit of the headset, it is very secure on my ear.  Like most others, it hooks over the ear, which makes it fit a bit oddly with sunglasses or eyeglasses, but it isn't uncomfortable.  When I get a new headset/earpiece, one of the first things I do is to put it on and shake my head around a bit to test how securely it fits my ear.  This one didn't budge.  For me, this is a very important factor.  If I can't move my head naturally as needed while driving, then the headset impedes my ability to drive and I won't have that.
The ring and speaker phone isn't very loud, but does pick up sounds well.
3925	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The first time I used one of these was in a hotel and I had to have one. I found it here on Amazon and brought it that very day. I couldn't be happier. The only problem is everyone in my family wants to use it now...oh well.
9098	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The itorch is a great deal with the current promotion.  For about $35 with free promotional items, i get a 3,000+ mAh portable battery charger with a flashlight and a laser pointer is awesome!
If the IMP52D itself is being charged, blue lights 2, 3 & 4 indicating the charging status, whether or not a device is connected, that is they will continue the blink pattern -
Works great in loud ambient noise areas, with the ear gel for you too. Design is neat and functional, but not extremely durable. I would buy it again to replace it, but would love to see their next model.  Still in my top few favorites for headsets.

4089	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	As have many of the others reviewed here  my clip broke after 3 weeks so don't waste you money on this one,
This product, although very amazing and useful, has some flaws that cannot be ignored. The first flaw you'll notice when using this charger is how only one button is present. Now, don't get excited, this button is not like the iPhone button. This one is a bit worse. The button the charger has controls the whole device: from the power to the flashlight(Which is extremely hard to turn on as I myself have only been able to do this a couple of times and by accident). After two weeks of heavy usage the button has sunk down, even if I have been as gentle and careful as possible so this thing wouldn't happen. Now, it's harder to power up the device, to turn on the laser pointer, and even to turn it off. Obviously the flashlight is even harder to turn on but my iPhone has a flashlight app, so I don't really need it.


Music.  I don't use a cell phone to listen to music, I think it's kind of silly.  My 60GB iPod can do a much better job at it, as that is it's main purpose.  So I have no knowledge of this aspect of the phone.
end note: Get the LG Rumor. It's a great phone, and although I've only owned two cell phones in my lifetime I think that's saying something. My first phone was a Virgin Oystr and you couldn't go to myxer.com because it wasn't compatible. If you get this phone I promise you won't regret it. Plus, it's a phone that not many people go for, I think. Most everyone is going after the iPhone or Blackberries which are too expensive/and aren't worth it from what I hear.
2915	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased several months ago.  I just love this device.  In the past 2 weeks I have tried some other in the 80.00 price range, but this on works the best.  It is plenty loud (I have hearing loss from fighting in Iraq), very comfortable to wear all day and never drops out on my iPhone.
  -Four buttons [upper left = talk/answer, upper right = power/disconnect, lower left = mommy, lower right = daddy]
1015	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So far it's working as intended. I'm satisfied and the price is right. Easy instruction of how to install the booster inside your cell phone.

4848	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this headset for my wife. She can't use this unit because it constantly falls off of her ear(no bud for ear.)I use it as a backup in the car when my jawbone battery is drained. The sound quality is choppy. The only good point is it syncs very quickly with my cell phone and the flip mic feature is convenient. I would recommend Jawbone, Plantronics, or Jabra well before this unit.
- battery life is something of a challenge.  even the extended battery will only give you about 12-14 hours with moderate use.
8161	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little car charger for the LG rumor lx260 is great. Light weight, small. Good price. Works great. Gets the job done.
6865	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good Product and Great Service

I'd give this a 1 star but my previous review was a 2 star and I can't change it.
around $38 this is well worth it and will last at least 500 charges!



1460	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My family has burned through numerous bluetooth headsets from cheap to high dollar (jawbone).
Then, if i want to read beyond the header, click and wait again.
1494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've actually bought a couple of these over the past 2 years.  Mine finally broke after 2 years and I dug out my wife's unused 510 as a replacement.  Tried a Jawbone 2 and it just didn't work properly with my Microsoft Voice Command software - must be something to do with the delays in noise reduction.  Also couldn't get the thing to stay in my ear.
The design of the cradle is flexible to use other phones of different sizes; however, I don't have one of the newer large screen phones.
I'll be getting another of these cases and I know my friends who have seen it want one as well.
688	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	very bad service do not recommend at all
2938	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for my girlfriend's phone so she could listen to music on it..  Very stupid you had to get this for a Walkman Phone..  Great Price and worked as intended..

The AT&T plan I have includes SMS text messages. People can message me by emailing 10-digit-phone-number@txt.att.net, which is convenient, but I cannot reply to them without a data plan, except using SMS to their phone.
What a rip off.
101	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good item
8395	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed for working out. Plastic is a bit thick for the touch screen, but I personally keep mine workout playlist on shuffle when I'm in the gym anyway, so that's not a huge problem.

iPhone next to inside antenna:


9260	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Had a motorola Q but upgraded to fusion 2 on Consumer Cellular and was on sale at frys for $39.99 but turns out its an open box frys ad did not state otherwise. The previous user did not factory reset and i found out it was only used for 3 days. This pouch is way better than the ones i have been using in the past purchase at flea market and lasted for a year. This one looks and feel durable.

5019	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This actually does NOT WORK FOR AN IPHONE 5!  however, it does improve the sound quality considerably when I use it as an extension for headphones for my MacAir  - eliminates crackles.
The battery life is excellent in both standby and talk mode - I am constantly amazed at how long this thing can sit in my car's center console unused and still be ready to go for a long conversation once paired.  By the way, pairing with the iPhone is flawless - it seamlessly pairs and unpairs, switching easily even between paired headsets (or in my case a Jabra speakerphone and this headset).
255	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great product and fast delivery. I love that it extends my battery life. It does not however come with the cable to charge the case, so you will need a micro USB cable.
252	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The battery worked just fine, started draining faster after like 6 months. I Bought this on July 25, 2017 and now March 30 2018, the battery has fattened up, over heated and cause my phone screen to separate from its body. So it basically destroyed my phone and didn't last even a year.
Thick and I mean thick!
With respect to other problems, the Sprint broadband related features (ie, Sprint TV and web) are quite slow though not much slower than most other phones. But the promise of the technology is definitely behind what is delivered. Other problems include poor cell phone camera and video. Not that any cell phone camera and video are particularly good (most are quite bad) but the Centro's are bad by even these standards. The pTunes feature only allows you to purchase music from Sprint's store (though it does permit downloading of your own music from CD) - not a particularly good option considering the store does not have spectacular selection.

3173	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this for $6.90 with shipping of $.99 included. I got what a paid for, a piece of junk. I should have saved that money for a Togo's sandwich instead. Not only the damn thing broke a piece of my vent, it didn't work. No matter how I adjusted it, I couldn't get my phone from facing the sky, which is contracting to what was being depicted on the website. As for the sticky stand, don't use that. You will crack your phone as everything will end up on the floor. I can not return this because it would cost me almost half of what I paid for it. The seller refused to pay for a return label. Don't be fool. Don't buy this piece of crap.
8409	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality with excellent price
Cons:
6163	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like the iTorch IMP52D.
3054	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have used this case to protect my scanner inside my laptop case going through airports, etc.  Provides good protection.
Pros:
I'm unlikely to use the built-in flashlight anytime soon (we currently have 24 hours of daylight in Alaska), and I don't know if the laser pointer will ever come in handy, but both are probably handy features for other users.

5941	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Life with the iTorch 5200 is VERY easy for someone on the go. Ive had it for at least a year. The charger is pocket size. It keeps at least 3 full charges for my iphone 4 or 5 (I upgraded), but thats not all... it also charges my iPad mini air and my Jaybird headphones! THATS RIGHT!!... if you have a USB connection, you are going to get your device charged. Even better is that it doesnt weigh anything. If its in my work bag, backpack on a hike, or in my kid's diaper bag... I don't have to worry about if my stuff has been charged. WAIT theres more! Charging the iTorch 5200 only takes 30-40 min. I haven't timed it but considering it taked my iphone and ipad at least an hour to to charge, time well spent! What are you waiting for... buy it. Heck, I'm sold on buying another writing this =p

*the ability to handle a card...mine is a 2GB


1- They sound great
6537	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this because I lived on an area that had no to one bar. This boosted it to a solid one, two and sometimes third bar. I was able to send text and make phone calls.
6564	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The cradle that holds the cell phone is an extremely poor design.  There is absolutely no give in the arms that hold the phone so the phone either flops around or is too tight.  I have another cell phone cradle which works much better at holding the phone.  It snaps closed around the phone holding it secure.
5779	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Blackberry Leather Holster was delivered on time and it is just the item that I wanted. Thanks.
Hands-free features were plentiful, as well. There's full Bluetooth for connecting to a headset or for sending files, plus voice dialing and commands and a speakerphone. For hard-core emailers, there is also POP3 and IMAP4 e-mail support.
2807	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with this product. It came in less than a week in the mail for less than $3.00. The AT&T store wanted $40.00 for the same battery. Thank you Amazon.com for saving us so much money!


4101	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These OEM BlackBerry Skins are the perfect match for me and my BlackBerry 8330m.  They fit perfectly (despite some other comments claiming they're too loose.  Check your model again if it's too loose.), offer shock protection if the phone is dropped, slip protection so the phone doesn't slide around in the car, and they last about 6 months through constant use before they start to rip and, what I call "melt".  The silicone breaks down after 6 months on average, but since they're so cheap, I just bought two of them at a time and change them out as they wear out about twice a year.  I'd highly recommend these... although understand they're not for everyone.  The "grippiness" of the silicone will drive you crazy if you make a habit of keeping your phone in your pocket.  If you don't carry your phone in your pocket EVER like me, these are perfectly paired with a high quality screen protector, like Ghost Armor.
9271	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Samsung BlackJack II and used it for several months. I decided to upgrade to the iPhone4 and it fit snuggly with the bumper guard installed on the phone. I love it. No problems. It is made with real leather and is very durable. I give it my highest rating.
I have used wilson equipment since the analog days - on an offroad trip years ago to the middle of Nevada with no service, I was able to stop and make a call using the wilson amplifier and a high gain directional antenna to a cell site 83 miles away in Bishop, CA.  I dialed *611 and asked the technician what city I was in - not the usual call - he told me I was in Bishop, CA and I explained I was dialing from the middle of nowhere, NV 83 miles east of Bishop (their cell site was high up in the mountains and we were in the flatland - combined with the amplifier and high gain antenna I had full service camping at night)
3437	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping
7688	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am so glad I own this product. This and my rechargeable 9 volt battery have saved me so much money. I like that you can charge two batteries at once, so you can always have back up. Not much more you can say about a battery charger.
I have a small farm and work outside with no access to AC power from dawn till dusk on weekends. I like to listen to Spotify, Pandora, and NPR while working. My iPhone 4 battery just doesn't have enough power to support that kind of use. For day long use, I usually just leave it plugged in the iPhone and the two batteries work together. The IMP52D keeps the music and entertainment coming - I have never exhausted it!
The only "con" I found is the Volume "strip"; I disabled the volume strip since I keep the volume at one level and I would hit the strip with my fingers too many times accidentally adjusting the volume up or down.  Disabling it is the answer for me.
1123	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm, so much easier than plugging everything into my laptop or pc. Keeps my work space a lot cleaner with only one cable, (not including mouse).
162	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this charger with my GS2 from Straight Talk.  This charger is working as expected, charges the phone fine and seems like a quality product, not flimsy and cheap feeling like some chargers I have ordered in the past.
5655	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought two of these because I thought the first one was bad. This tip does a horrible job with the HTC Thunderbolt when paired with the standard iGo car charger. I have been using the iGo products for several years and this particular tip with the Thunderbolt fails to deliver. FWIW: I am using the extended battery, perhaps it works OK on the standard.
a bunch of others.  Was definitely the most comfortable, had





Connectivity is the biggest plus on this little guy - I can connect to Wi-Fi at home while still being connected to the verizon cell phone signal - a big plus for me as the i730 would shut off the phone function when the Wi-Fi was engaged.  I'd bet the i760 which I nearly got does the same thing. This ability to surf the web for free at home w/o missing a phone call is great for anyone like me who doesn't get the data plan.
-- Using the address book to dial a number is painful.  Type in the first letter of a person's name - say "D" - and you'll get every name that begins with that letter, whether a first name or last name.  To pick the name you actually want, you then have to navigate the list with the stylus.  It's just a mess.
444	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'll never understand how one review can say this item works exactly as it should and how the next complains about it not working...for the EXACT same phone! I just don't get it. I decided to try it out despite the people that said it didn't work, and I'm glad I did. It's exactly what I expected and wanted. I actually bought 2 of these so I could leave one in my car and one at work. For only $4 and some change for the both...this was a GREAT buy for me and now I never have to worry about my Incredible running out of battery!

4273	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this at Costco for $50, and thought to myself, Costco doesn't sell crap (usually), they have limited selection, test what they sell, and sell stuff that works (usually).  This happens to be one of the worst Bluetooth speakerphones I've ever used. When everything is working as it should, it's one of the best.  Unfortunately, that's so rare I've forgotten what its like.
5157	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	1) Crashes to white screen at seemingly random times. result: phone reboots.
There is also a camera - good enough to take pictures which will show on the screen to let you know who is calling and snapshots but their quality is only a little above acceptable so don't throw away your camera before you check it out thoroughly - and a radio, a nice addition (headphones, naturally included) although you should be prepared to recharge the battery quite often if you're addicted to listening all the time.
3047	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My grandmother just loves it it the first phone she had and wouldn't stop complaining until i found her one.
69	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The color is more dark in person, and this isn't the best protection case. I get a lot of compliments on the case, and it was easy to put on.
* Other cell phone numbers

4390	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I cleaned the screen as recommended in the directions, put on the screen cover, and got quite a few bubbles that I couldn't get rid of. I would have been able to deal with the bubbles, but I couldn't deal with the sticker residue left from the 'helpful' little white tab that was put on the cover to aid in removing the backing. Actually, I did put up with it for about 10 minutes, then I tried to type up a text message and my keyboard lagged a whooole lot. Very annoying. The protector is currently in my trash can. Oh well.
Great sound quality from both ends, can open boom to answer calls, small and compact.
1113	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Item arrived defective. I wired everything up correctly and it did not work. I ran down to Napa bought another model hooked it up the same way and the Napa one works great. Poor quality and unless you want to waste your money don't buy this.


The battery is approximately the size a small closed flip phone and slightly heavier.
6285	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP 50D from Newtrent is an excellent backup battery for my iPod Touch 4th gen 64gb It's well-built, solid construction, it's easy to use, charges quickly enough, it has excellent attachments for all devices. Customer service from Newtrent is the very best! I'm very pleased with their service. I can't say enough about how excellent their customer service is! They have spent many emails answering my questions and advising me on which battery would best suit my needs.  Shipping was lightning fast! The imp50D charges my iPod Touch three full charges on one battery charge!!  I would highly recommend their products to anyone needing a great backup battery at an affordable price!! These batteries a must for traveling or as a backup when an outlet isn't readily available. 5 stars!
The most technical thing I've done is replace RAM and a hard drive in a Mac Mini. This was a little more difficult than the Mini (only because everything is so tiny) but still only took me about 1/2 hour. If I had to do it again it would be about 15 minutes. The cable connections were the hold up for me.... you get it eventually. Just don't force anything.

2512	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Would have given this 5 stars, but once i took the film off the top side of the product, it left a stick residue which is really annoying. However, the product works great. I get about 4-5 charges out of it.
Here's why I got to appreciate this somewhat clumsy set so much:
7608	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This works as advertised.  I plugged in all kinds of electronic devices while traveling in Europe and they all worked.  This includes and iPad, iPhone, Blackberry, and laptop.

The "ringing music" sound, connection and power off sounds are all pure tones.  They sound primative, like atari 2600.  Slightly grating, considering how loud they can be relative to the environment.  I'm guessing all the development costs went into noise cancellation and styling... nothing was spent on the audible status/ring sounds- or someone likes atari 2600.
With glasses it gets loose around the ear and feels like it's flopping around.  Most of the time I can fix it by wedging the headset around the ear before I place my glasses on.
8316	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This cheap car charger does the job. It charges your samsung cell phone while you're on the road. I highly recommend.
iPhone 8 feet away from inside antenna in same room:

Fifth, reception and call quality are both excellent. Volume could be better, but is still adequate. I have to admit, though, that the S710a was slightly better with earpiece and speakerphone audio volume and quality.

2917	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Wow! I was surprised when I read the reviews on this product.  It is DEFINITELY made for people with smaller ears!  Other bulkier ear pieces have not fir very well but this one fits GREAT! Also, I noticed alot of first time users that were rating this product..I HAVED used both WIRED earpeices and now bluetooth. This one is MUCH BETTER than most about not picking up backround noise but when it DOES get to be a little much, simply turn DOWN the volume a little on your PHONE not on the blooth tooth.  Using that adjustment may give you a little better fine tuning for the device.  ALSO, many phones include a feature that allows the mic to ignore heavy backround noise.  I am an alltel user and many of my phones have had this feature.  The batter has been GREAT TOO!  I have owned this blue tooth device for over a year now, AND LOVE IT!!!

9940	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have a Huawei Activa 4G and it's a snug fit without taking off it's added external case. I'm sure it would be even better without the added bulk of the case, but I like the fit well enough that I'll leave it on. It stays inside, even upside down, without the strap secured over the top. Maxpedition makes a superb product. Hopefully, they'll bring all production to the USA one day.

3670	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I agree with all the other reviewers here.  This was a waste of money.  After installing it on my phone, there was no change in the service.  There's a dead zone that almost drops our calls when we go through there.  Well, having the antenna booster on my phone didn't change that.




3196	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	At first I thought it wouldn't  work but after using it for sometime now it does actually give a signal where I can at least still use my navigation and listen to music. I will be order another one for my car. It also worked great when I traveled to Vegas I had a signal where I normally don't get a signal.

Another fun function is that once you've uploaded your tunes, you can set them to specific functions on your phone such as the incoming call ring. Easy to change and fun!


the cam is kinda slow but takes amazing pics, videos are great also

5396	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked just fine, and easy to set up. Just plug your wall charger into the charging pod and you're done.
4006	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wear this in the field and fishing, secure and safe way to carry phone
275	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Amazing fast charger



Nice work Nokia but please beef up the battery solution!  THANKS!
- Excellent battery life.


3) Function button works seamlessly with my Pearl's voice-dial feature - just press and hold it down for a second and speak whom you'd like to call.

546	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work, It did not work at all. I have a dead spot when I drive to work, where I totally lose the Signal. This device did not help at all. DO NOT WASTE your money on it. even for less than $2.00, its not worth anything.
could do is try to reimburse me the $100.00 I already spent trying to get this crap
I have left my original review (of a defective unit) below and original update below for transparency.

I still love this thing for texting and calling.
2145	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this for total protection for an Android 5" mini-tablet.  The device fits snugly, but not too snug, and there's ample room for the USB cable and stylus, along with SD card plastic sleeve.  If you wonder how to protect your all-in-one Android smartphone/iPhone/iPod portable-civilization from the effects of a tsunami or just a white-water rafting trip, these Otterbox cases are the way to go.
3640	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The plastic clip isn't the highest quality, but for $5 it's a great case.  It fits my AT&T Samsung Galaxy S2 very well and the case itself is great even if the clip isn't.  I had a Cellet case for my previous iPhone too, and these are good products for a great price.
4078	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this cute little guy is from japan. arrived surprisingly quickly for having traveled across an ocean. import/ S&H was $11.00, though, so i would suggest buying more than a couple at a time for that price...

The cable received was the "thin" version as shown in the second and third product images. The connector does not cover the A/C charging adapter port. That is the standard for the Centro.

1354	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	sim card
It doesn't do well with wind noise but not a single bluetooth does. One thing I love about this headset is that its firmware is upgradeable. I've already done it (with a few hiccups but BlueAnt's technical support is superb).

7189	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a perfect fit for my moms phone. better price than at the store, almost 70 percent less. Fast shipment as well, arrived on time.
Extremely waterproof.
8909	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this for several months now and am very pleased.  It holds a great charge and I can get three full recharges for my iphone out it.

6290	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The last time I bought one of these backup bateries it was the size of a quart of milk.  This product is small easy to use and works flawlessly, easily adapted to my Ipod and Blackberry and lasted forever or at least as long as I need it which was an 11 hour plane trip.  To be perfect it just needs an adaptor to recharge my Kindle.  My only fear is that I will lose one of the adaptors.
Motorola SF500 is well made.  Good sounding and solid structure. However, there are many things to be improved. Small things.
6752	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fixed my watch.
Overall there's no real reason not to recommend this phone. It's sleek and stylish, has a great price point, comes with plenty of goodies and plays music very, very well. It's worth every penny I paid for it, and that's not something I can often say!
Tip:
-  While the battery pack itself is charging you can charge the phone via the battery pack.
left. I recharged it to full and then used it to charge my iPhone 4 from 45% to 100% in two (2) hours. The IMP52D
-I just loaded $20 on to her phone.  How many minutes is that? 400! Wow, right?


1621	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this so I can use the same set for my cellphone and my laptop.  People have already reviewed it for cellphone use so I'll just talk about laptop use.  I'm an attorney and I use this at court.  It allows you to be funcitonal while being discrete and quiet.  It connects without any drama.  I use it to check voicemails from Vonage, either with Skype or by checking my e-mail account that I have the voicemail sent to.  And when things are reaaaally slow, I even use it to listen to some music on my laptop.  It's mono and tinny, but hey, it's something.
2793	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this brand new battery for a used Unlocked Motorola Razor. The phone was going to be a gift for a relative overseas. The battery is DOA. I charged it first thinking the battery was drained. Four hours later the phone wouldn't power up. I put in the old battery and voila everything is working. I just wasted $5 and four hours of agony. Why would a seller bother to ship a battery that is dead without testing it. Don't buy from this seller folks.

8061	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This looked like an interesting and relatively low-cost option for my wife's car/cell phone, since she hasn't found a bluetooth headset that fits her ear comfortably.  Unfortunately, we cannot get this unit to pair with any of three cell phones (iPhone 3G, two new Nokias).  It goes into pairing mode as advertised, but none of our phones can find it (they all find all of the headsets and computers we have tried pairing with other than this unit).  Makes this rather useless, and I would strongly suggest testing your phone against one of these before ordering.


2422	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is without a doubt the _loudest_ bluetooth headset i've ever used. Even for the friend of mine who mumbles constantly on the phone i've never had to use this about 50% volume. I've tried it on four different phones and had it work great with all of them. Sound quality is top notch too.
5791	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Easy to snap-on, durable, and inexpensive. But very difficult to remove.  If battery never wears out, who cares, in two years you get another phone.
6943	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The batteries themselves are in good shape and good quality. The shipping is super fast. I get them in 2 days so the seller is very prompt. It could be that the seller is located in the same state also.
But to be completely honest with you, after trying a number of `prettier' headsets that either break easily, lose their pairing with the phone frequently, or just plain don't work as well I am all for sacrificing form for function.

The magnets are a good idea, but in practical use, the buds just hang and flop around when not in your ears.
I've only had this for a short while, so I'll update my review when I've had more time with it.
1763	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have only had one other bluetooth headset, which was ok except it always felt like it was about to fall off.  This one fits well for both me and my wife.  (bought one for me too)  Also it's not nearly so obvious looking.  Voice quality, both incoming and outgoing is great.

I wish I had known the Jawbone was all utter hype before getting fleeced by Aliph for $149.50!  This earplug is extremely difficult to get on the ear. I had to fight with my Verizon UT6700 to get it working and most of all the sound was little better than the UT6700, which is disastrous!

My main complaints other than the battery life is the buggy bluetooth music and the blocked web access for java apps.  I find the music app easily crashes when using a bluetooth headset with it and I've already tried three different headsets with it.  While you can't use mp3s directly as ringtones, you can still incorporate them as part of a theme if you're into custom theme building.  As others have mentioned, the camera button is easily pressed so it's best to use the auto-keylock if you don't want it to take pictures of your pants/purse.  I use a phone holster myself and don't usually have that problem.
7772	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had the H850, which was one of the predecessors to this model. Loved it, but this model is much improved.  It smaller, sturdier and has much better sound quality. However... It's the folding boom that makes this a 5 Star product for me.  The H710 is more compact and comfortable than the old Moto folding headsets. This one is a much nicer fit, and nothing goes into your ear canal, so you can wear it without blocking out the sounds of the real world. The folding boom turns the unit off when it is closed. This saves battery, but best of all:  If you've ever accidentally dialed someone while carrying your headset in a pocket/purse, this is the headset for you! The retail packaged product includes a mini-to micro usb adapter to convert your old Moto charger.
5693	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	LIKE
This thing is small, it's nice too, compact, and I get good sound quality from it. Did I mention how portable it is? it's comfortable for me, and it works in general so I have no complaints of it. Good deal, overall good bluetooth headpiece and also it had such a good price.
-I think the activation of the led light could have been better.


1489	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My husband bought this for me after I bought my current phone. I thought it was going to be a big waste of money - "I don't need a wireless headset - a traditional wired one will work just fine" I told him. But he had already bought me this one. It works better than the wired one I used to have. I'm surprised it still works at all. I can't tell you how many times I dropped it. I lost it in my car for a week in Arizona's 110++ August temperatures. I am not exactly gentle with this thing, and it is still going strong - like the little engine that could. I got it for mother's day 2008. I was upset with my husband for not getting the car charger for it. I kept on forgetting to order one. Now I'm just not going to bother. I just plug it in once a week in the house. The one time the battery went dead on me was when I didn't charge it for three weeks out of curiosity - I wanted to see how long the battery would last. I don't talk on it a lot compared to most people - maybe two or three hours a week - but I do have it on whenever I am driving and at the store etc... about 7 or 8 hours a week. I still love the looks I get when people think I am talking to myself - I have long dark hair so you can't see the bluetooth on my ear. I jokingly call it my borg implant.
9656	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good Batteries

1398	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has always been my favorite Bluetooth headset. It isn't the most attractive headset, but it works the best. I've tried too many to list (including the ever popular JawBone) but I prefer this headset over all others.
7357	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good phone for the money. has 2nd best signal I have found. only outdone by TUNDRA  only weakness is if you sweat on keypad they quit working. If you use plastic cover for keypad they last quite a while
User Interface - It has a relatively snappy feel to it. Sometimes the main menu takes just a second to load up, but maybe this is the keys being unresponsive. It has the normal SE interface -- which is probably an industry-best for non-smartphone phones.
9057	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After reading countless reviews of many products, I decided to go with the IMP52D.
224	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Takes forever to recharge the case. Plug it in to charge the case and phone you need to turn it on for the phone to charge. gets very hot while charging the phone which makes it impossibly to carry in your pocket while charging
When I enter an phone number in the address book, it doesn't put hyphens between the area code, prefix, and last four digits.  That's not fatal, but a pet peeve, and makes it difficult for me to figure out the numbers as they come up.

Test #1 Iphone 5 charged a total of 165% plus ~20% usages while charging = ~185% total.

4) if you have a protective case on top of your iphone, it will barely fit.
206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is actually the second case I've bought.  I got one just in case I ever break the other so I don't have to search around.  My phone has taken a few minor falls, and this case has done its job. No damages to my phone.  I like this particular design because it's classy, complementing the Evo LTE.  It's slim, so it doesn't make the phone larger than it already is.  It provides better grip than just holding the phone case-less.  It's easy to put on.  A little more challenging to remove, but you don't want a case that is falling off.  With Evo LTE having no battery access, it's not often that I need to remove the case.  It's got all the proper cutouts to accommodate any of the buttons and plug-in spots.
9501	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I can relay that this device gives our office an extra bar of cell coverage, but I'm not sure what the true effect is since sometimes the calls still drop or garble.  It was pretty expensive. We do an unscientific sound off every now and then - how many bars Eric? 2...John? 1... then plug it back in and sound off again and it seems like the signals go up a bar.

Our tests indicated the booster did boost but marginally.
1378	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	we are very happy that it came very fast and will always order from your company and will tell our friends the items we order was sim  cards and it was not damage at all it come very fast and had not had a problem with it thank you for being honest as trusting
The first and foremost thing I look for in a phone is the sound quality.  The sound quality of the phone is not bad.  Having owned the Nokia 6610 as well I would say the Nokia phone sounds a little better but this might be because I am used to the 6610.  I am sure most people will be happy with the sound quality of the E715.
3429	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The earpiece can have a bit of trouble staying in your ear, and the sound is so-so... but the reason I gave it four stars in the convience factor of the charging unit. I use it infrequently, so previous Bluetooth headsets I've used were either dead or at home on the charger when I wanted to use them.
My wife's died about two weeks ago. I emailed the company explaining I bought it from Amazon and mentioned it is within the warranty period. I did not hear anything for about a week, and then, a replacement appeared at my house, sent via express mail. It is a refurb, but that is their condition, and it looks and works perfectly. Awesome customer service. Just one more reason to get this product!
I wouldn't mind replacing this one with another, but since I only paid $44 for it, new, two years ago, and now I see they are $99 (I guess because they are no longer being produced by Jabra), I will purchase a newer-style Jabra Wave or move my BT250V from "back-up" to primary.
767	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works good and easy to put in
It took my husband about an hour and a half to set it up but almost all of that time was spent stringing the cord through my ceiling tiles.
I didn't like any of the other phones since I like the thinness of this and the lack of advanced features and cost suits me just fine.
The Ugly,
This is also a very small and slick looking device.  It has caught the attention of many passer byers and it's very easy to tote around.
I'd stick to the old H700, with good noise control, great comfort and the ability to charge anywhere.


SIM card support; store numbers on your SIM or the MMC card or the phone memory.  Seasoned travelers would likely store numbers on the SIM.  Onto Bluetooth and synchronizing.

2099	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased the headphone from local store

I don't like not having the ability to copy and paste text. i sometimes find myself typing in the "to" field of an email and cant just copy the text from there into the actual message body so i have to just delete it all and retype it which is a hassle. Cant create or edit work, excel or .txt documents, all you can do it look at them acrobat reader style with something called piscel viewer. it sucks because i have to put all my notes into my outlook calendar and then find them later when i get to my pc. you can set mp3 files as ringtones but they have to be in the regular memory and not on the storage card. i think there is enough regular memory for about 4 songs. I was hoping the windows mobile upgrade from 5 to 6 would help me get over some of the little things i don't like but they keep pushing it back every time the get to the production date.

600	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been a Blackberry user for the last 5 or 6 years. I use the email every day in my consulting business. It's proven to be a bulletproof email device. What's sorely lacking with the Blackberry is a decent web browser (yes I know there are some available and those with BES or 7510 can use reqwireless).


If you refuse to answer the question, they will argue that 'Our System Requires It'. Who cares about their system? I do care about my own IDENTITY SAFETY.
None really. It just works.
5255	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what i needed and still using it. You can't go wrong for that price.
9810	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I don't know if it is the watch or the batteries but, they only lasted a month.
I had played with a number in the store, but didn't get any real world experience with them. But, I really liked the design and feel of the H700. I did some research - much of it through reviews here on Amazon; this left me a bit skeptical as there were many unfavorable reviews written here - they mentioned negatives like poor sound quality, minimum range, and Bluetooth connective problems to name a few. But, I decided to side with some other review I had read and the positive reviews on Amazon.
4803	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK!
4506	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I originally bought one for myself back in January 2008 in Bestbuy for 129.99 plus tax.

4. Works great at my desk, four bars. Near my desk I get three, further away and I get a slight or no effect.
3300	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking for a phone that has that "WOW" factor along with all the bells and whistles this is it. When choosing a phone we should all look to be sure that we are going to get the most use out of it's features. I happen to buy this phone to replace an Audiovox P4100 PDA phone that I have used for over four years but unfortunately was stolen. I felt that switching from a PDA to a regular phone was going to be a long drawn out process and that I could not expect the same use out of a regular phone that I was getting out of a PDA I soon realized that this phone has certain everyday features that I could easily incorporate in my daily business routine that my PDA did not have.

8417	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This NO is exactly what I was looking for - This NO is exactly what I was looking for -
* 3.5G (HSDPA) connectivity (see note about models below), This gives clearer voice and much faster data downloads (theoretically up to 3.5 Mbps; in practice I have seen from 900 Kbps to about 2.2 Mbps, depending on location and time of day).
2984	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good item, thanks.
The only thing one must watch out for is the bubbling if the screen is put on carelessly.  This is really annoying.  An excellent product that only misses 5 stars due to the price for something so simple and inexpensive to make and distribute.
You also must pay an additional $20 per month if you want to browse the Internet, use Instant Messaging, or even Download Fun.  Otherwise, all you get is phone calls and text messaging (which is also extra).  Even the non-sidekick phones let you get T-Zones for Instant Messaging as a $5.00 option.
2322	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	battery didn't last long
Easy to use
2 - The screen is smaller than the Treo650. A crappy resolution of 240x240. Other similar devices offer 320x320. Good luck getting your exisitng programs to display properly! They don't! I have 7 programs that WILL NOT display properly. Palm says they are working on this. GEEE! Thanks so much! Thanks for releasing a test model to the public. You get R&D at our expense!
6355	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This leather pouch is great.  I couldn't find anything that would fit my Palm Centro without it being too tight or too loose.  This is perfect.  It is definately made for the LG phone, but the Centro fits almost like a glove.  Good quality too!  Way better than many more expensive ones I have bought!
Built-In Automatic shut off to save its power.
8555	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought two of these because I thought the first one was bad. This tip does a horrible job with the HTC Thunderbolt when paired with the standard iGo car charger. I have been using the iGo products for several years and this particular tip with the Thunderbolt fails to deliver. FWIW: I am using the extended battery, perhaps it works OK on the standard.
9325	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Update: 2/1/13 I was always concerned that after I stuck this on how easy it would be to take off. So I had to try it and with a little care it came right off. It did crack so now I have to buy a new one but I no longer have any concerns. After a year, this thing worked great, never scratched, is a lot flatter than the original cover and never has to be removed! Now I have to wait for it to go back on Prime...
  *sigh*
2358	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I first liked this headset when I got it because of the small size and easy fit without an ear hook. They are reasonably loud and easy to use (volume, On/Off & paring). Charging is simple: drop it in its storage charging case and close the lid.
2905	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Read the product description very well.  This does exactly what it says.
So, for me, the only cons (kind of) right now are:

Just don't expect to see a huge gain in signal strength, ie 5 bars.
When comparing to the Treo, Q's biggest weaknesses are the lack of touch screen and the inability to edit word docs and spreadsheets (the Q can read them but not edit).  These features are not that important to me, but some of my coworkers find the touchscreen feature to be very useful.  The standard battery lasts only about a day, but the extended battery lasts at least a day and half with moderate/heavy usage.
After several emails back and forth with the seller, they finally informed me that there was a defect with the unit and they refunded my account.
7124	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is a little different in the style and design but I think thats a feature. I am not sure what the other reviewer was saying about its compatibility but I had no problems connecting with my Macbook Pro and my HTC Touch Pro. My favorite feature is that I can use any set of headphones with the tag for the best sound isolation. I am a bit of an Audiophile so I love my Etymotic ER-4 and ER-6 and they work perfectly with this BT. I will say that the Jabra included headphones are not bad and are actually built well. They are also very convenient with the shortened cable so perfect for wearing and putting the BT at the right height.
6589	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	WeBoost is Wilson Electronics new re branded product name.  It had me confused for awhile.  The company located in UT designs and builds its own product line, a rarity in todays Asian based electronic dominance.
299	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second phone but it holds a charge for days now. like 4 days.
1093	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They r a good price and it works a win win situation.  People have no problem hearing me or I them .
15	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Super durable and I get compliments on it daily.  I found one like it at charming Charlie's for 25.00 way to high.  I'm happy with this case


7066	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Worked less than a week then would not even hold a charge......save your money buy a new phone. A cheap product.
IF my iPhone is connected to the IMP52D and the battery pack is on

1924	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it is a nice rubber case that fits snugly around my nexus. I like it and it will protect it from small drops and bumps. I would by no means expect it to protect it from a full fledged fall or smash against concrete. good for me I don't plan on throwing it or dropping it from any heights I just seem to have little slips and this is good for that. I am happy with the product
In order for service to remain good you have to periodically reset the phone. Dont know why, but when I do that it fixes any reception problems. T-Mobile techs said this was a good idea.
Also included is equipment to be used if you want to mount the antenna to the outside of your building or onto a pole. I'm glad I didn't have to worry about that.  All in all I'm happy with the SignalBoost DT, though I have to take away a star for the high price tag. There are cheaper alternatives on Amazon but I cannot vouch for their effectiveness.  This is a big chunk of change just to get better cell reception, but if you really need it then you'll be glad you purchased the SignalBoost DT.
6625	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	5 BIG Stars!!!
1706	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excelente
- I haven't figured out how to silence the phone, if I don't want to pick it up at the moment.  Even when press the button intended for this purpose, it takes a while (8 seconds) for the phone to be silenced.
5053	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This thing broke on me after 4 months.  Good thing I purchased 3.  The relief on this adapter is not that sturdy, but it works really well for a good amount of time.  I had better luck with the same item from SF planet seller.
The goods:  The sound quality for music is phenomenal - it makes the Voyager sound better than an iPod.  It has great battery life-  I can go four or five days without charging.  I love that I can control my phone book from the headset.  It fits well into my ears (without falling off like the full sized headphones) and it is very comfortable. . . .I wear it all the time.
6452	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my wife so she would not be reaching for her cell phone while driving.  I had it professionally installed and bought a "Pro Mount" rather than the mounting bracket that came with the unit.  Linking the phone to the device was easy and, even though the auto is a sporty T-Bird (2002), there is no background noise and the voice is loud and clear.  The mic is mounted on the left windshield post with all wiring hidden.  I recommend having an audio shop install it ($100 + 30 for the mount).  It's a good application of the Amazon discount.  The radio interface is great!
**UPDATE December 3rd, 2007**
2642	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I can talk for over 5 continuous hours on this headset (never tried longer).  However, my Motorola HS820 is more comfortable AND my callers understand me better.  I get many complaints with the Scala 700 that my voice isn't clear or our connection is bad.  In addition, when I listen to mp3 files, the HS820 has a warmer sound.  The Scala 700 has a 'tinty' sound.
AT&T wanted to charge me $29.00 + tax for a leather case that looked like cr@p, so this was a steal compared to it.  In fact this case looks like it should be around $50.00 if AT&T sold it.

Nice neat base to store and charge both the handset and headset.  The base will also charge my Plantronics Voyager 510 headset.

This headset comes with a hidden microphone. I've used it for voice conversations with my Nokia and it performs quite well. What's most impressive is that it easily switches from stereo to regular voice calling  seamlessly. I hear everyone well and they hear me well too.
The Motorola 710 is light, easy on the ear, and works very well for my uses.
4921	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	satisfactory
6954	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	the Arms on this will not adjust properly, so unless you drive a buss or something with vertical windows prepare for the glare. the suction cup failed regularly as well, i did send this back and was refunded and went and purchased a different griffin mount that works great!
2242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good

205	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great phone case for a great price.  It snaps on really quick.  It takes a bit to get off but comes off nice.  Very nice pattern.
Since I am a power user with my phone, the battery drains quick and its nice to have the IMP52D around to give it an extra charge. I can now get more than a full days use out of my phone without worry. The IMP52D also does a great job of holding its charge so it is very reliable. I would recommend this battery back for anyone that needs daily extra power for your phone, tablet, or other USB devices.

When you put a high quality leather case, metal fittings for the snaps, and plastic you have something that will ultimately fail. Although in my case it was the metal snap fittings that hold the flap down over the phone. The fitting on the flap is held in place by "crimping" the leather in-between the leather and this just gave way one day with no way to get it back in.

287	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It lasts and lasts a good deal love I t
If you say, Drove a truck for a living, or something where the phone sits there a lot, but might be prone to small scratches, then this might last 6 months before it craps out.
9589	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the closest cell tower to me is on the other side of a hill.  when i stand on my roof i can get 1 bar of signal strength.  inside reception is zero.  i originally purchased&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/zBoost-YX-510-Cell-Phone-Signal-Booster-Dual-Band-Unit-for-Home-or-Office/dp/B000J2XZ1K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">zBoost YX-510 Cell Phone Signal Booster Dual-Band Unit for Home or Office</a>, but had to return it because it did not work for my situation.  i then bought the older version of this unit (did not have gain adjustments) and it worked flawlessly for me, though the range was only about 20 feet.
- versatility
1122	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Been using this one for a couple of years now and still works fine.  Others seem to stop working in time.
Next, you connect the charger (USB) from the same cradle that the other wire is connected to and plug it in cigarette lighter charger that is supplied.  It's a USB Cord so if you have a dual charger, you can use that which I would recommend so that you can have a power slot still available to charge your phone.

6859	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Saves lots of money to change these yourself. These are as good as any.
In this day and age - I expect electronics to work out of the box.
1394	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works very well, holds a charge for a long time.  Although discontinued mine is still going strong.  It is comfortable to wear although you do have to get used to it.  I mostly use it outdoors or when I am at a construction site, sometimes with all the noise you don't hear the phone ring.  Although discontinued it is still a very good Headset.

491	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this item a while back, but I remember that it was great item.  I would definitely recommend it.
There is rumored to be another more advanced model coming late 2004.
Now if grafitti becomes available for this unit, I will be in heaven.
3350	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what we needed.

5)  Person on other end of my call cannot tell I am on a headset.
I had to send my device back, and since I am a tester, I don't get a replacement.  New Trent acknowledged that a small number of their devices do have this problem.
3995	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Wrong kind
Also I found that very cold weather impedes the performance of the battery (yellow warning meter). When the phone warmed up again indoors, I got 2 bars on the meter.
For the price it was a steal!


130	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Could not power my S2 phone.  The LG charger I was using had no problem but I needed a second charger.  I thought buying an "Official Samsung" charger would be the best route to go.
1) The earphones! I've used this on runs as long as three hours and the earphones remain comfortable, and provide surprisingly good noise isolation. I have used them on the subway and on airplanes and had no problems understanding what I was hearing.

-Battery: honestly, I haven't pushed it, but I bet it outlasts everything around. My God, look at the SIZE of that thing! It's gotta have a great battery, right?
After my dismal experience with a StarTac, I doubt I will be a Motorola customer again.  Their drop in quality over the years tells me that yet another fine company is headed for the toilet of history.  I will go back to Nokia and be done with it.
8957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased and have been using the iCarrier for about five months.  It has gotten me out of a number of dying phone jams, as well as helping friends whose phones were dying.  One day, I took my iCarrier out of my purse and it disappeared.  I looked all over the house and couldn't find it.  I then decided to buy the iTorch, which is less money that the iCarrier, since I didn't want to give up hope on finding the iCarrier.  The iTorch is great.  It's small so it fits in my smaller purse, and charges my iPhone just as quickly as the iCarrier.  I haven't timed how long it takes to charge or how long the iTorch holds a charge, but it's usually a few days before I have to charge the iTorch.  I tend to plug my phone into it when the battery is low and carry it around that way until I get home and then charge my iPhone normally.  The LED light is a great option to have, and has helped me find things in the bottomless pit that is my purse.  The laser pointer is also good if you're giving a presentation, or just to annoy friends and cats.  I like having those options, since you never know when you may need a light.  About a week after getting the iTorch, I found the iCarrier hiding underneath a tablecloth.  For now, I use the iCarrier in my larger purse and the iTorch in my smaller purse, but I'm sure when my son gets home from college he will pilfer the iTorch as he is always running out of battery on his iPhone.  These products are very well made, and work better than expected.  If you have any electronic gadget, you need to have this to help you always stay connected!
9676	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit for my Tag!
It also has a laser light and flashlight feature, but I have never found a need to use either of those.

3661	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good
9109	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you need just one or two extra charges to get you through the day, this

I purchased this to replace the previous case I lost, merely looking for something better.

2205	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The screen guard is nice it was a little tricky to get it on straight with no bubbles. Now that it is in place I don't even think about it. Good item.


5) Does not look as good as the LG Electronics Tone+ HBS-730
-Comes with 2 seperate pieces that allows adjustment for different devices, like a micro usb port and etc.

3093	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Worked well for all devices.
3600	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect lightweight, low profile cover and @ FIFTY CENTS you can't go wrong. I highly recommend this product.

--leather case included is very good (unlike the one included in e71).
* The handwriting recognition is awesome, but I have no use for it.
Plus, all the manual that came enclosed with the phone where written in russian or some language from an ex-URSS country.
- yes, the headset is bigger, but extremely light -- I often forget I am wearing it.
60	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received this item very quickly. The design is even more vivid than expected. The cover is soft (rubberized) but durable. I have received many compliments. It was an excellent buy! I would recommend this to anyone wanting a "good look" for their phone.
I bought this phone because it was cheap, and I could get it activated right away. This phone is very basic; most of the features that are now common place are missing on this model. The screen is microscopic; it can only display a few lines at a time. There are no polyphonic ringtones, and it can only hold 100 entries in the phonebook. They keys are so firm that they are hard to press down, and the menus are tedious and somewhat counter-intuitive. It is very sturdy, but also a little heavier than should be for a phone its size. There is no web browsing like there is on other phones. The text messaging feature is really tricky to use. I think Tracfone has good service, but in many ways, this phone feels like a step back from where Tracfone was going to.
I initially tried the included pouch, Otterbox case, and the Seidio snap-on case. For various reasons, I ended up with the rubberized skin as my "case" of choice. It's simple to remove and put on, has all the proper cutouts for the controls, camera and charging port. It provides a better grip than without it, but does pick up lint and debris. The dark grey version does not show as much lint as the black.

2068	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	At first it was good using the clip easy removal from belt until my jacket with a garter in the bottom pulled it from my belt without realizing it although i heard a thud while i was in the walk in closet and did not pay attention until i need to use the phone. Good thing i dropped it while still in the house. Planning to glue the clip but found the belt loop where the clip was mounted so used it instead and just leave the clip as is. Wanted to removed it but too much hassle.
So it really doesn't matter that the protector went on cleanly for me, or that the second pull tab worked fine and didn't leave a sticky residue, or that the shape of the protector is perfect. It doesn't matter because no matter how careful you are to push all the air bubbles out, they will creep steadily back in in the niche between the "BlackBerry" bump and the actual screen. And this lateral air bubble ends up taking up a fair whack of screen real estate, unless you press it out every single time you want to use your phone.

I bought this device with the hope that it would allow me to keep calls going without rolling down the windows.  Unfortunately, I found absolutely NO difference between calls being dropped with and without this device.
7004	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These plastic screens take a little practice, but they do work.
- Make a simpler version without the laser pointer or torch. They actually slow down the usage of the product because you click quick once for the laser pointer. Click and hold for the charger to turn on, click and hold for the torch, click and hold AGAIN to turn the torch and charger off and put it into standbye.
Second, they claim that this will reduce dropped calls... HALF A LIE
1. Dimensions: It is a bulky phone which requires a belt clip if you want to save yourself the embarassment of a bulb shaped pocket. If you don't want to wear a clip I'd suggest the RAZR for a few $$$ more.


8257	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item was shipped promptly by means of UPS. Arrived professionally packaged in original product box. Instructions were great for assembly, has a smart design that will protect the phone from bumps, dust, and light water mist. When following the recommended instructions for installing the silicone screen and key shield, there are very few bubbles if any on the screen. The silicone is molded specially for the keys, fits perfect making it easy to use the keyboard. There is a hole cut out for the trackball, again, perfect fit. The plasic belt clip holster it comes with acts like the original Blackberry holster as far as "in holster" setting. I am verry satisfied with this product, it surpasses my expectations.
3487	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good value


2.  Speaker Phone
The screen is crystal clear and good for viewing video and images. BTW, I thought it gets scratched quite easily, but that's just the plastic screen protector. I removed the screen protector and the screen stays scratch free even after I put the phone in my trouser pocket along with my keys.
Update 11/2/07
8699	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't really like it cause it never worked. It never opened up I mean come on. Tried every ways to make it start.
375	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	after about a year it stopped working. First few months it gave maybe an extra hour or two of juice, not much. slowly deteriorated. not worth the extra bulk.

- easy to use
I problem I had was that once time, I receive a phone call and the party on the other side couldn't hear me.  I don't know if it's the other party or the headset.  The party calls me back and this time, when I press the pickup button, the headset doesn't respond with button push.
7875	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you use major headphones and want to use them in the 1st Gen iPhone, get this adapter, it's perfect and doesn't ruin the sound.  Buy several for work, home, etc.  Great to have at hand!
My last Bluetooth headset was a Jabra, and it broke after just a few months -- the power button quit working, so it was always on until the battery drained.

I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.


2775	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works for me
1446	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a little larger than the newer ones on the market. I tried a couple of the other ones where the hook just hangs over your ear. They started to feel uncomfortable after a while. I was looking for a headset that was comfortable and had good sound quality. After reading reviews, I picked this one up. It is definitely comfortable compared to others I've tried. It's easy to use and to pair and works great with my iPhone 4.
-Affordable
5212	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my t-mobile Dash. Earphones sound good and block noise well. Phone calls sound good and I've been told I sound OK on the other end. The controls work well with Media player. The one thing I didn't think about was not having a display for viewing the address book. I have to take out my phone to make calls, but it's a small issue for me. I get more calls than I make.
Also, I have called tech support for this company many times when making product selection and support in the past.  It's rare u find a company that has USA trained technicians that pick up the phone when u call, and offer excellent support and product selection advise.  In all cases, the companies staff exceeded my expectations in both educating me and assisting me on what products fit my application best.
5713	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Just what I was looking for
- Pretty good instructions.
6727	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great value.
5349	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The headset is a good purchase especially for the price!!!  It has great sound, I even had to turn my sound down.  Everyone seems to hear my voice good too.  It has a nice little button to disconnect the call.  It is a great alternative to a bluetooth.  And you don't have to worry about it going dead after no charge.  But bluetooth is still better cause there is no wires.



8198	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent value for Prime members who lost or damaged their iPod shuffle 2nd generation chargers.

186	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	handy for extra plug so you don't have to keep moving cord can keep it in a travel case handy
I'm going on vacation to Disney shortly and this device should keep my phone functioning all day in the parks as well as keep one of the Ereader powered for some game playing while we wait in lines.  Update: As I updated above I connected the IMP500 while sitting in line and it extended the readers to run all day.
I only have two complaints:
The fully charged itorch is able to charge my galaxy tab for 60%, from 20-80% in three hours with the extra 6" long cable for the galaxy tab.  The p6800 galaxy tab has a battery size of 5,100mAh.  That means the itorch can putout 60% of its capacity with the extra 6" cable.  I'll test it again without the 6" cable next time and hope to see an increase in output on an iPad 3.  I'll give it a 5 stars if it has an output efficiency of 65%+.

I decided to buy the IMP500 for its great look (love the blue accents and rounded/bezeled edges/corners) and excellent reviews. It claims to charge a smartphone several times before running out of juice, and it was the right size for me to take on a backpacking trip.
(6) Extends cell phone battery life;
2188	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The price I paid for this package was good, but the cost of shipping negated the low price. I had seen lower price from other web retailer, $8 with free shipping. Most advertizements online include just one cable. This phone tool package has two cables, one for mini-USB and one for other non-mimi-USB phones. I guess the extra cable is worth a few dollars. The software does not have much on it, but you need it to manage your phone book on your cell phone and to make your own mp3 ring tones and upload to it. Other phone maker like Samsung, you can download similar utilities for free from their website.
Verdict:  THIS PHONE ROCKS, and it's so damn cute!
Motorola 850 and an Motorola H3

973	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a great phone for those on a budget (like me!)  It's one step down from the v400.  So if you can afford it, get the v400 instead!  The v400 has a ton of included themes and photos, and more memory (5 MBs) compared to this phone, which is sort of "bare bones" (1.8mb).  Both have the same quality camera and photos, although the v400 has a better screen. Both phones can have .mp3's playing as ringtones.
7126	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to charge a Samsung SCH-u340 prepaid phone in my vehicle. The item was received within the timeframe predicted for delivery.
It was returned. Not recommended.
Con's
1161	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This usb port is sleek and functional. It is plug and play. It even come with its own power supply in case you have power hungry peripherals. Even though it works fine for me without its own power supply I chose to use it as recommended by the manufacturer. It comes with a lifetime warranty. I have a CyperPower UPS that has been very reliable and I expect this little Cyber wonder to be nothing less.
87	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The charger only lasted a week ad after that it just stopped charging my Samsung Galaxy S3.  They really need to start making these chargers better....I've been thru several!!!!
7200	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Units - 2 of them- would not sync or work with any of my laptops. Returned them via Amazon printed UPS label over 7 weeks ago. Still wating on a refund. Amazon says they cant refund the charge, only the merchant.

The slide on this phone is smooth, but since I'm new to this design I have no comparison. I hope it holds up as well as the flip design, but I would imagine that depends upon me. "Gently" would be the key word when using this phone.
-Battery standby life on this battery is awesome.
9581	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This is an old style DT signal booster. It does not have an adjustable gain control. I expected this booster to have adjustable gain control as I contacted Wilson before I purchased this item to know what to buy.

6050	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I used this once. Now it doesnt see the charger unless I push it in hard - and when I do, or use a different charger, it never charges. Now its for the landfill.


4) Comes with the needed "shorted" cables and bag to carry
7260	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this unlocked phone so I can use it here in the states and on my trip abroad. I just replaced the sim card and Im set. It did not dissapoint me. The signal is very strong, the phone features are very functional. The screen display are good and the phone size is just right. The phone is not flashy like the new models of phones out in the market now, but this is what I just needed in my trip abroad (Asia). I don't want "snatchers" and pickpocketers eyeing my only means of communication while im abroad. This phone is not their type, lol. For the price, this is a very good phone.
I like the iTap better than LG's version.  There seem to be more words loaded into the dictionary.

7373	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have the heart one as well as the star one, I purchased this star one here and the heart paddle from a Cindy's. The star paddle was really flimsy, looked nothing like the heart paddle I had purchased. It was pretty hard to make the imprint, but certainly caused welts. The stars on the paddle are also crooked, which bothers me a bit.
its gorgeous
6508	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!
The foam earbud replacements came in, and the sound quality is like night and day.  These earbuds sound awesome.  Plus, they stay in my ear.  I need to tug at them with some force for them to come out of my ear.  Excellent.  These are the earbuds I purchased: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00BIJTN5K/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
Lastly, if anything Looked like a button it is the chromey little "M button" next to the larger oval do-all button with the ambiguous "1950's receiver" symbol ... that round M button was not referenced in any diagram or mentioned in the book so I decided it was for decoration. I tried pressing it too to make sure. Is it a future button? or past? silly and confusing. Very silly.
7939	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i used it to fit my phone case and it works fine. it turned out to be the color black but its fine with me

4. Ear hook, though removable (to switch from right-ear to left-ear mode and vice versa), is very tough plastic


I'M ON MY THIRD DAY without recharging the unit. I use it at least 2 hours/day.
The adhesive was not strong enough to  stick on to the cell phone
I deffinately DO NOT recommend this device.

1143	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-RYNLNRANHRDX" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1EohiW4qnS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61S9PJpIfhS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Great little Usb Hub.  7 ports.  3 on each side, 1 on the front.  Powered by AC or usb.  Lights remain on at all times regardless of what are plugged into the ports.  A must buy if you need more usb ports for your comp.  Works on windows 7.  Have had almost a year with zero issues.

4753	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The ear buds that come with the iPhone do not stay in my ears.
The downsides here are:

2825	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	junk
I give 96/100

Overall, I'm quite pleased with this device and will recommend it to
8494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is basically a very cheap plastic case.. if you want to be cheap... go for it. The case always unsnaps itself randomly for no good reason. You have to somehow put it on just the right amount to get it not to unsnap. However, you still can easily unsnap the case off and I'm just glad the phone hasn't fallen out yet. The swivel clip is also very very hard to press down and take out the phone... You are going to have to have your fingers pushing on both ends of the clip in order to get the phone out of the clip. This is annoying when trying to answer a call or trying to get to a text message. The only pro about this product is that it's cheap.

Talk quality is fine (like a regular cell phone). Windows Mobile hasn't crashed once for me yet (I've had my phone for over a week now). I was up and running within just a few minutes. Easy to learn and well designed.

So, I highly suggest checking this one out.  I can't say that this is for everybody because I've learned that no two ears are exactly alike.  The biggest thing I was looking for was comfort.  While this is completely comfortable for me it might not be for you.  But if you find it comfortable then I would HIGHLY recommend picking this up over anything else especially since the price is soooo right.
I use this with Slacker Radio (streaming service) and a small USB FM transmitter (no longer manufactured by SIIG) and the audio is wonderful!  It's easy to move to a company car for long trips.
Here's the clincher - shortly after I got the BlueAnt I was speaking with one of my consultants. I asked him if he could hear me OK because I was using a new bluetooth. He couldn't believe that I was using a headset, asked me what I was using, and ordered a BlueAnt immediately!
but none of these are a real reason to deduct a star
6563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Kind of works. You have to be pretty close to the base station to see improvement. I don't really recommend
8560	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have bought a iGo universal car charger several years ago and have been buying new tips instead of the whole charger and I have never had a bad tip or have the charger go bad.  iGo makes high quality chargers and tips, highly recommended!
2733	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Beautifully designed case.  It provides great TPU protection without adding bulk to the phone.  It fits great, nice and snug so you don't have to worry about it ever coming off on its own, while still able to remove if needed.  The color is stunning on the black phone, a nice deep jewel tone.  The sides provide nice grip, and I love the matte back.  The only issue is how difficult the power and volume buttons are to press, otherwise I would give it 5 stars.  I would buy more if it came in more colors.
2965	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got my headset the other day. To my surprize they are rather large, but hey they fit better than my Sony BT22 headset. I guess as long as your listen to your music they don't look so crazy wearing them outside.


I recommend it to everyone is looking for this product
CONS
The Not so Good:
So as long as you're willing to save the chart and keep time yourself
It comes in a very nice box w/ clear and easy to understand English Instructions, the ITorch PowerPak , a Micro USB for Android phones, a Samsung Galaxy Tab Charging Cable and a Velvet Pouch.
A rubberized grip (the color) is on the side and back of the phone. Volume control, fwd, rwd, pause, play and camera buttons are on the side with the camera lens on the back of the phone.

Cons: Call volume could be a bit higher, so could MP3 playback volume. No card slot.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jabra-BT250v-Bluetooth-Headset-with-Vibrating-Alert-Retail-Packaged/dp/B0007UC5U6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jabra BT250v Bluetooth Headset with Vibrating Alert [Retail Packaged</a>]
8528	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Charges beautifully, and fits various models S2, S3, S4 & BB family perfectly.
3374	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked exactly the way it was intended to and for a great price! It was a steal. Made Walmart look bad.

3920	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome shower head!
Finally, I give up on Pocket PC (sold it on Ebay) and give Palm another try when I see the 680 come out.  The dialup networking issue is no longer a problem on the 680 (as compared to the 650) and I buy it unlocked directly from Palm.  Overall, it's a decent phone and I just feel way more comfortable with Palm OS over Pocket PC.  Palm customer support is still useless and, as others have mentioned, the lack of a standard Mini-USB connector is simply inexcusable.  Still, I'm much happier with Palm-OS over Pocket PC.

Cons:
This is cheap...
4555	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My friend had purchased one for me over 2 month ago. Works great, charges great, looks great.
 My first step was to call "BLUEANT" customer support (North America) . After a moderate wait I was able to get a live support rep. We went over diagnostics, but within the first minute of the call, his question was "How much did you pay for this product?"..When I answered $30 on Amazon.com - his response was " Must have been refurbished! - send it back to the seller!!"....When I mentioned the description says - brand new and it arrived in new packaging his answer didn't change.
8127	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality product. Looks great and does what is advertised.
Potential Improvements:
I'm definitely glad that I bought this battery!
7030	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The holster itself is made very well but the clip design is very poor. My iPhone with a otterbox is very tight & the holster wants to come off my belt along with the phone while the clip stays on the belt.
Very minor like I've said but I just thought I'd mention it. The pictures that it takes are pretty good as long as there is good lighting.
The only reason I don't give it a full 5 stars is because between the ball chain and cables it gets a bit cumbersome putting it on and taking it off but I might work a system out that might be better. Right now I actually just loop the cable for the right earbud down and feed the cable through so all I have is the loop of cable to put over my head.
Also, for my installation, I am able to tuck away the main unit and just have the little black desktop antenna sitting on a shelf.  With the z-boost, you have the big white and yellow unit with lights and antenna sitting out.
5443	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are just as expected.  I use it to attache a somewhat heavy charm and it holds well.  Please note though that the part of string that has contact with the phone does wear off after a couple of months revealing the clear plastic and that is the time to replace it.
508	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Cool phone

193	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just wanted a charger like the original one from Galaxy phones, and this one gets close.
5778	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was very pleased with my order.  Shipping was fast and the quality of my item was just as nice as advertised. I will be buying again..BEING AN ARMY FAMILY WE ONLY WANT THE BEST AND THIS PAST OUR TEST..
5629	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I go keeps on keep on on
4402	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Came free with phone purchase.  Bought phone as a gift.  Sim card needs credit card to activate.  If it's $20 prepaid, why do you need a credit card?
I ordered the car charger and ac wall charger for my Samsung BlackjackII phone.

The listing said plastic and that's what I received.
3434	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does what it is supposed to... WORK!
8622	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	its ok it works. sticks out from the phone or what ever you put it on will buy it again.
* Lightweight:  I have had a hate / hate relationship with all wired headsets because they were a `pain in the ear'!  This thing is so light and small that you hardly know it is there even if you wear it for hours.  The over-the-ear clip you can notice over time, but it is like wearing glasses so it is easy to ignore.
I have a low feeling that these things can be put on mobile phone. (For what?)

A Great Improvement!
arrived on time i get many compliments on it
9227	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Well made. Strong . Secure closure and good belt loop and clip.

The cord feels flimsy. The plastic used on the cord and ends feels very rubbery. From my own experience with iPhone cases made of similar material, I suspect this cord with discolor and/or become dirty beyond cleaning if it doesn't break before that.
8681	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the holster to buy IF you want a holster that can be clipped to your waist band, pants pocket or anything else (even a purse)- it is a very easy process to remove and reinsert your BB from the holster - the built in magnet will put your BB to sleep mode.  Holster is perfect fit for the BB Curve (8330).  Clip rotates and is big enough to grab to release the holster from your belt (hopefully, unlike other reviews posted here, the holster clip will not fall apart - so far it appears to be sturdy and is not showing any signs of breaking apart after one week of use - my wife has a red holster with zero signs of falling apart after 6 weeks of use).
4)  Due to the 2 megapixel camera, the picture quality is excellent.  Even though camera phones have small picture screens, I can see excellent detail in my pictures.

5129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	so far the phone is still in working order other than the battery runs down very fast. but it has great features but takes a while to learn them because they are different than a samsung
7116	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very nice
Since the day it arrived I have found it charges all my families cell phones, Kindle Fire, Kindle Touch, Blu electronic cigarette charger pack, wifes Tom Tom, portable lte mifi, and  several bluetooth earpieces. I'm not saying it will fill them all on 1 charge, just that it charges them while powering them. I'm sure there are other devices I just haven't tried to plug in yet.
8472	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice compact radio with a ton of features.  The weather radio is very nice.  It shipped fast, and is a great addition to our ditch bag.




I purchased the bright red model - not because I wanted to look ostentatious, but because it was on sale at Amazon for $5 less than the black model.  I paid $88.95 with free shipping.
This speakerphone works great! It charged up quickly (I bought the AC/DC converter offered with it) and then paired with my phone (LG Shine) easily. It clips to my visor and looks sleek. It has a large multifunction button that turns it on, answers calls, hangs up calls and also initiates voice command if pressed quickly.

6202	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As someone who uses his cell phone constantly, I'm always looking for portable power. I love my 4.5" screen on my phone, but it does drain the battery rather quickly. If I'm out and about, there's no way I'm getting through a full day on a single charge. The iTorch is just the thing I need to keep me connected. The small sleek size is perfect for my pocket allowing me to bring it anywhere I go. It's by far the smallest portable batteries I have and I love it. Plus the built-in flashlight is a nice extra feature. It also has a laser pointer but since I don't have cats I probably won't use it.
3816	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent phone.  I enjoy having a high-quality camera together with my phone.  I went to Europe for a month last year, and although I didn't have international calling on my N95, I used the phone as my camera and took high-quality photos, then transferred them via Bluetooth to my laptop.  I highly recommend this phone/camera.
The form factor is nice, a small flip-phone that easily fits in a pocket or holster; no external antenna to snag on things: really convenient, just flip it open to talk, easy to use Motorola interface, long battery life, and included charger works on 120 or 220 volts (needs plug adapter, though, it only has the two-blade American plug).  It also has Bluetooth and voicedial, which we did not use (I like the capability, though: I use it all the time on my mobile in the USA).  If you just want a phone to talk on, this one's for you.  In Ireland and northern England reception/coverage was always at least equal to other members of our party.

For use exclusively as a car or office headset, I'd pick the 510 over all three.  But for versatility in a wider range of uses, the BT8040 works best for me.

3137	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have a jeep liberty so don't have that much dash board. (Sticky past kept coming off) I tried it on car my vent and it does not stay were it comes in handy. Would not recommend this product.
The charger box/case is convenient, although it would be nice if a USB charger cable was included (I've got so many devices nowadays to charge...).
8570	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this as a replacement for a Jawbone that was horrible. I have been through several bluetooth headsets in the last 2 years and this one is hands down best right out of the box. Sound quality is awesome, no one complains that they have a problem hearing me. I don't know how long this one will last but hopefully longer than the rest i have purchased.
5681	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item came in shortly after I ordered it and was packaged nicely. I am excited to use it, though I haven't needed to quite yet. Thank you for such a great bargain!
 * if the IMP52D is both being charged and charging a device -
It's a bit bigger and the USB cable is very stiff, not very flexible.
I am going to give this to someone else who has much worse cell phone reception in their home than myself, and if they have better luck, I will update this review.

Would definitely recommend
3175	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really did not want anything bulky. I already hate the fact that a case on my slim Iphone makes it bulky. But I dare not go with out. So I really like that the magnet does not really add more bulk. I was able to use the thinner metal piece and it even works through my case (it is a soft silicone case) So this makes me very happy. Again I have a decorative case and really did not want to cover up the design, nor did I want to tape anything to my phone. So I stuck it to the inside of my case and it works great!  No more trying to place my phone in a holder to use the gps. Now I can simply place it on and go.
1454	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for 2 years now and am pleased with quality, durability, and reliability. It is surprisingly comfortable considering the girth of the piece that goes over and behind the ear. My past headsets with earloops were horribly painful after a very short time, this one I can wear for hours, barely noticing it. It came with 3 different earpieces - one small, one large, and one teardrop shaped - so fit was not a problem. Sound quality is good enough that people frequently comment on how clear I sound and I am nearly always using it in the car. Wind cancellation really is insufficient, but this has not been a major issue for me...I just use it with the windows up or mostly up. I frequently leave this thing on overnight and still use it for a couple of days afterwards with no loss of power. Talk time is at least the 6 hours claimed and stand-by time can be measured in days.  Some people are troubled by the proprietary power cord, but it's a small matter as I have a household-type plug in my car and charge it while driving if need be, though it cannot be charged and used simultaneously.  I came here to see if I wanted to upgrade to another Plantronics model and pass this headset on to my daughter, but I think I'm going to keep it and buy her the same model.
771	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good ,great  stuff!
Reception is excellent and I live in a weaker signal area.
I replaced the Cardo today with a Plantronics Explorer 320 and I'm pretty satisfied. First, recognize that there is no such thing as a perfect all-around headset for all phones and all users. It's pretty important that you buy from a source, like Amazon, where you can try things and return them if not satisfied. EBay may have great prices on stuff, but unless you know you'll like something, I wouldn't suggest buying a BT Headset there... way too hard to return.
- Unlike "some" other sliders, the camera is protected and kept under cover when the slide is closed. This works great in keeping dust off the lens.
5698	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent idea, works great.
amazing and it seems to really work out those deep painful kinks.
1965	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far so good.
9246	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased a Sandisk 4GB SD Chip for this phone, uploaded a 400MB TV show to the chip, and tried to watch it.  When I got to the 1 and a half minute mark of a 59 minute show, and the phone read: "Not enough memory for application."
For the record, i have t-mobile service and i had no problems getting this phone to work. This phone isn't a blackberry or an ipod. it's a cheap phone that can make calls and text messages, that's it. it has an alarm clock that works and a few little things but don't expect mp3 and what nots.

2.ease of use
4240	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been looking for something sturdy and that cold take allot of use. This did the trick!

Problems: needs to be restarted every day.  In many cases, going from one cell to the next causes the phone to drop reception entirely. Once you make a datebook entry, you can 't edit it. At least I have not yet found a way.  Sensitivity stinks to high heaven.

Loved 'em, replaced with another plantronics headset the 'Back Beat' which has better  speakers, but poorer mic performance, and doesn't have noise isolating earbuds.
2120	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Outside of the cable retracting when you trying to adjust length, it works fine.  I needed a small footprint and it did the trick, just hard to get it right...

6580	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First of all the good news--this does work.  It boosts my cell phone signal by 1 or 2 bars, and it boosts my son's Galaxy S4 by 2 bars.

4515	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	OK it so so, but then I am picky. I think we should get what we pay for. The phone calls really suck, the music that comes thru  is just so so but OMG, the TV. Gezz you have to pull it out of your ear and you can't turn the DOG DAMN thing DOWN! I think it does what it wants to some times.

Enter the New Trent IMP500, which I found on Amazon.com and was intrigued by the large capacity given its' size. I purchased one, and also a Griffin coiled USB to 30pin Apple sync cable. I carry the IMP500 and coiled cord in a discreet runner's belt under my shirt which keeps it close at hand without committing the dreaded Fanny Pack fashion faux pas.
-  For me flash light is not bright enough not outstanding but that is personal idea.
If you order this or any other item and don't receive what was pictured and listed, contact the seller.  Most of them would rather just give you a refund because they know they are shipping a different brand than what is listed. If you don't get a refund, leave negative feedback. Hopefully this will help stop sellers from shipping different items than the listings show.
features (flashlight and laser pointer), and affordable. Now just to pick

1360	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Ripoff!!


The phone uses a mini-SD card.  Works great.  No bogging down of the processor as I experienced with the Samsung.
1806	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is what you want if your receiver does not have phono input.


Most recent Headsets I've used:
2 powertips are included (ipod and micro-USB) ... I prefer just to use the normal USB cable supplied with whatever device I'm charging. Note that on occasion when charging my Blackberry the unit produces a "Device can't charge

4225	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Beware that there are two different products shown in the Amazon product pictures as of 8/19/2013. I purchased and review only the round one with corner and bottom openings. From my experience, China-origin venders of this kind of products often ship very different items from what are shown in Amazon product pages.

Pros:

8759	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	HORRIBLE PHONE STAY AWAY FROM IT.  COULDN'T EVEN SAVE YOU IN AN EMERGENCY!!!!!!! I WAS SO AGGRAVATED I THREW IT IN THE GARBAGE.  IT IS SO CHEAP.  I WAS BETTER OFF GETTING MY SON HIS REPLACEMENT PHONE FROM GO PHONE AT&T ...IT WAS CHEAPER AND BETTER QUALITY!
Cons:
6412	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fit like a glove. Well packaged with easy-to-remove protective film. Very happy.
4275	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Paired with my Nexus 6 and set it up in my auto and it really does well, every-time I get into my vehicle the vibration sensor activates and connects my phone, after a week it still hols a charge and says it has 3 hours of talk time. Sound quality is really good on phone calls and while playing music from my cell phone.

4674	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I picked this up to use with my Galaxy Note 3 and simply have not been that pleased with it.  Everyone has their opinions and I am just not crazy about it, but it does hold the phone well.

Music
572	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	using this from over a month now. best watch band ever i bought

update:  not sure what the other reviewer meant by saying these are poor quality chargers, because I've had mine for a little over 2 weeks and it's still going strong!!  Love this charger  especially  for the length!!
Some minor compromises (minor IMO only - for others this may be major):
You can download files from some email accounts right to the device, as well as files from other places on the web.
Pros:

I was hoping this thing could fix that - or at least give me a stronger signal.
7926	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	okay so the reason i got these was because i have an otter box on and the case won't fit with the auxiliary cord but this definitely solved the problem. i saw other reviews where they disable some features but i think these are intended for thick cases that the normal headphones won't fit in. just get these. i've had it for a while now and haven't had one problem with it at all.

1718	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this phone for my husband because he really liked his previous one, however this phone does not hold up well in professions such as mechanic work.

I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.



The phone would seem like it's initializing itself from time to time.  It gets very annoying.  Sometimes I want to make a call and it'll do this for about 30 seconds.  It gets frustrating specially when you have a very urgent call to make.
All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.
1649	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the third bluetooth headset I've had. This one is the best. The sound quality, the length of the charge, the fact that it "plugs" into your ear comfortably.  Absolutely the best one I have ever had. Buy it!
From now on, I decided not to buy any product from third party vendors at Amazon.com.  I would only buy them if they are sold and shipped by Amazon.com.
Music Sound Quality: Sounds as good as your headphones, phone/player and/or mp3 size will dictate--(if you saved your mp3s in 64kb, it'll sound like it; or if you're using a phone or a cheaper mp3 player, it may not be capable of audiophile sound no matter what bluetooth or headphones you're using or how much memory you're using for each song-- anything is only as good as the weakest link in the chain.)
Installed, worked great and have three backups

The only problem I am having with it is getting the film to fit screen without bubbles but this is not a new issue with screen protectors.
I am still getting used to the keypad, but it's not as bad as some of the other Verizon phones (the LG ENV for one). I'm not sure I follow the complaints in some of the other reviews about the touch keypad. The punctuation is clearly available without having to go into the numbers. Now on the real keyboard, that's an issue, but I'm getting used to it.


Size
Service- the phone gets great service where I live and thats up in the hills area. Though I am sure the higher I go I will end up losing service.  But for where I am I do notice a difference in my old phone to this blackberry... 4 and a half stars.

It is pretty small and it feels extremely comfortable, I wish it would've worked properly.
- battery life and how fast it charges





4003	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great case for my IPhone 5 and the oversized protective case.
9790	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good product y recommend good deal
3. The speakers can be turned up very loud. No problem hearing your phone calls. No need to get a speakerphone that connects to your car stereo. This speaker is loud. The speaker is better than most speakerphones out there.
The good.....The phone is clear, and I seem to get better reception than I did with my old LG. Windows6 has been totally stable for me and hasn't crashed yet. Active Sync is awesome to transfer stuff back and forth between this and your PC. Nice touch screen that works very well(make sure you apply the included screen protector). The WiFi works awesome and it's great for both internet and email. The full Querty keyboard is a must for people who like to text. The keyboard also lights up. I like the fact that this phone does not use Get it Now, V-Cast, or any of those other "V" programs as I found that software unreliable as I had quite a few issues with the music player. The Data network (if used on this phone) is much faster than the Get it Now network. It doesn't freeze up on me like the Get it Now network did. The indicator lights are useful and let you know if the phone, bluetooth, or data network is connected. Turning off the Blue Tooth and/or wifi saves battery life when not in use. There is also a message indicator light to let you know if you have a message. Also, there are a ton of apps out there that you can download so you can really customize this phone. The camera has multiple settings and hopefully with a bit of tweaking, I can take better photos. The flash also acts as a flashlight, and this has come in handy multiple times already. The phone also comes with google maps, and there are a few free themes/ringtones/etc to download from the microsoft mobile site. So far the battery life seems great, but isn't it always great when you get a *new* phone? I suspect with all these bells and whistles the battery will eventually wear down and I'll probably have to buy a spare. We'll see.... For now, it's charged every couple of days, and only comes with a AC charger, not a car charger.
Also, please excuse the gramatical errors. No time to review and correct.


7751	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had mine a little over a year now and it's the best I've found. I actually had to turn down the sound it is so loud. I love that you can shut it on or off by folding the boom. You can even buy a case for it that you can clip on your belt. Whenever I get tired of wearing it I just fold the boom and place it in the case on my belt. Great bluetooth Motorola!!

1797	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I finally decided to purchase the Razr based on the facts that my current service is not very good in my are, my GF has Cingular(free wireless to wireless), the Razr had tons of cool features, my old phone's battery is dead, and it's the only phone that came close to the thinness of my Sanyo SCP 6200.  Well, I have had this phone for  about 4 days, and I am planning on returning it as soon as the replacement battery for my scp 6200 arrives.  I expected a brand new phone to have better audio clarity than my 4 year old phone.  The sound is so weak, even with the vloume all the way up, that I can not hear anything if there is the slightest amount of background noise, like when driving.......Extremely disappointing.  I'm also concerned with durability, I have a tendency to drop my phones and the V3 does not seem very sturdy.  My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.  Luckily, I found a place to buy a battery for it for only $10.00!  In short, unless you have superb hearing(suprman) I would avoid this phone.  All of the whiz-bang gadgets are useless if the item won't even preform it's main duty of being a phone.  I have also learned that my previous provider is expanding coverage in my are, so I'm glad I didn't cancel my service with them.
5030	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product works as expected. With cheap accessories like this, I have experienced that these types of accessories stop performing after certain period of usage. I want to hold off further comments till then but in the mean time, it works and its a great value for money. I recommend this buy.
2606	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First and foremost, this is a very comfortable headset. It is also quite intuitive to use and the sound quality is good. Set-up was quick, and instructions are clear and straight-forward. My only complaint is that unlike my last Bluetooth headset, it does not pass voice-dial commands to the phone.  (At least I haven't figured out how to do it!)  It would be nice to be able to tap the button, speak a command, and have the phone dial.  But in the grand scheme of things, not such a huge deal.
Here's my report of each adapter:
5522	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	i would not get this again the windshield mount broke the first day a pain in the butt to put the mount on the air vent. i used it for my htc evo 4g cell not made well

-lighter than the N75
bt: it's not have many function as K790a, but it's FAST, get 1.2Mbps on file transfer
3019	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This phone has weathered surprisingly well so far (of course, I do take good care of it).  Although the phone is somewhat large, it has a very nice looking aesthetic (IMO, others might find it ugly) and on top of that it has an excellent inner and outer screen.  Pictures taken with the built-in camera won't do the inner screen justice, you have to load up your own pictures or use the preloaded wallpapers and themes before you can really appreciate the screen.
I had to send my device back, and since I am a tester, I don't get a replacement.  New Trent acknowledged that a small number of their devices do have this problem.

6181	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great battery i charged 2 kindle fires and 2 android phones on 1 charge. perfect for car trips and being stuck in airport or if you want to watch a couple movies on your kindle and there is no power outlet. plug in your phone while its in your  purse and keep it charged 100%
2159	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I'll keep it short, since there're quite a few long reviews here already...first I didn't get this phone at Amazon, so I don't know about the specifics of the rebate, although I can attest to TMobile's excellent customer service, and their readiness to remove plan features you don't want. Having said that, it would be nice if they'd somehow talked HTC into making this phone more WAP-compatible so you could use TZones instead of JUST the Total Internet plan, since there's a $23/month difference in price..but that's OK, really, because the WiFi is very good. In fact, I've discovered numerous free hotspots around my home town that I didn't know about until I had this phone!
2743	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good price.
7808	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love it to extend my headphones so i don't have to take the case off my phone!


I am in the process of trying to get different software for the system from a motox forum.  They seem to have modified and unsupported versions that might be better than the default version which seems limited.
Cons:
late this spring it finally fell out of my ear into the yard and i lost it.  this fall the neighbor kids who play in my large yard found it.  it was covered with dirt and had survived mowings twice a week the sprinkler system every day, thunderstorms and just being in the damp outdoors for 3 months.
it's not an issue.
The light also comes with a laser pointer. I don't see the need for it in my application (maybe an SOS signaling light for long distances?), but its a nice touch and since this battery doesn't cost any more than comparable batteries its a nice plus.
2469	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my 11th different bluetooth headset that I've tried over the past year and it's been been the best, by far, of the ones I've tried. Is it the best it could be....not by a long shot but it works and that goes a long way.
504	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this phone is awsome.. I haven't taken so many pictures until I bought this phone.. the round keyboard takes time to get used to but once I have used it a few days.. It was old hat..
5657	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This adapter / tip fits my Droid phone and all works well.  A listing of which adapter fits which phone would be helpful.
* It work better than, with my phone, the other 5 headsets. Meaning when I hit the send button it was on.....when the phone received an incoming call it was on. Extremely responsive.
4475	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had one of these for years until I lost it several weeks ago. I never had any problems with it at all. Great battery life, good sound.
The base units contacts also corrode quickly here in Hawaii.

I previously purchased the Mophie Juice Pack Air, which added so much bulk and weight to my phone and was a true pain to get off, which I did not like any of that and consequently returned.  The iTorch is not heavy at all.  One recommendation or nice addition would be if New Trent added a short charging cable to accompany the charger (similar to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/GO-TRONIX-3-in-1-USB-2-0-Connect-to-Lightning-8-Pin-Micro-USB-and-apple-30-Pin-Connector-for-iPhone-4-4S-Samsung-Galaxy-Note-2-iPhone-5-iPad-4-Mini-ipod-touch-5G-Nano-7th/dp/B00CDQ56MG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">GO-TRONIX 3 in 1 USB 2.0 Connect to Lightning 8 Pin, Micro USB and apple 30 Pin Connector for iPhone 4 4S Samsung Galaxy Note 2 iPhone 5, iPad 4/Mini ipod touch 5G Nano 7th</a>).  This may drive the cost up a tad, but it covers most any device type and would be beneficial as to not need to walk around with a cord that is longer than necessary when trying to travel / be mobile. Amazon does sell shorter cables for only lightning&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/AmazonBasics-USB-A-to-Lightning-Compatible-Cable-4-inch-10-CM/dp/B00B5RGAWY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">AmazonBasics USB A to Lightning Compatible Cable (4 inch/10 CM)</a>&nbsp;or mini usb as well. I would recommend ordering one of those to accompany this.  Even without that, this product is highly recommended!
1680	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off. The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem. After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center, they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable "due to customer abuse." I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage (unless using it to make phone calls counts as "customer abuse"), but got the same comment, without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation. It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty. You'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works. After that, you're on your own.
5055	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work

I did try out the Treo 680 and found it to be dated.  I remember using the Palm OS back in the late 90's and the Treo is still using it.  The Treo graphics weren't as sharp or crisp either.
1575	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For several years I used a Logitech Bluetooth for my cell phone, and while it worked great, it was always uncomfortable. When it snapped in two, I decided on the Voyager 510! Wow, not only does it work great, but it is VERY, VERY COMFORTABLE! In fact, I can honestly say I actually forget that I am wearing it, something I cannot say about my previous device. So for all of you thinking of a headset, you cannot go wrong with this one! Five stars!

I did find and order the correct battery.  All is good

1953	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works.
3715	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertises.  Installed easily and works perfectly.  Would order from vendor again!
1. The Color
CONS: must charge in the provided "charger case", does not easily work with two phones (though I have a fairly simple workaround now), terrible ear attachment (that breaks when you take it off to charge the headset)

* It's heavier then most (not as heavy as Jabra though)
3750	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Second one that I have ordered - very fast at charging cell phones.  I highly recommend it!

 Pros:
H710 headset uses micro USB charger instead of the mini usb in h700. Car charger is not included in the package
6102	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	New Trent IMP52D charger is sleek and well designed. The smaller size makes if convenient to carry in a briefcase, purse or "go bag" for emergencies or daily use. It would be well suited for the business traveler with the onboard laser pointer and the white LED. Don't be fooled by the smaller size. This charger does the job intended. I have owned and used a Mophie in the past and found the New Trent much quicker and longer lasting than the Mophie.
I even purchased one for a friend!
Note Regarding Customer Pictures for this product:
3410	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After installing the HD Component cable, using the Wii has become easier and healthier. On my 720p LCD TV I have less eye strain when playing. I can read instructions and fonts much easier. There is little distortion and everything is clear.
351	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	we love it

- The screen is amazing. The resolution is awesome. By far the best I've ever seen on a phone this size.
155	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This detachable sansung galaxy s2 travel charger is simply good. It works perfectly.  The cherry on the cake is because it is longer than the factory original l received with the phone.
Conclusion


Camera/Camcorder
The vendor provides quick delivery, a well packaged product, and responded quickly to my concerns regarding the weak magnetic clasp.  For the price, it is a deal...or one can pay $30 or more for a case that is likely not much superior.
4758	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have NO complaints on this one..bought a pink motorola bluetooth on here that was horrible with volume...couldnt hear anything..this one you can turn the volume up and can hear clearly...works great...stays on well...looks cool. Love it. My husband has the same one in silver and a coworker has one just like this one and all three of us love this product. Would buy again and would highly recommend.
quick and courteous service.
This external Battery has a 5200mAH capacity and an output of 1amp.
431	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased 3 of these cables because they were cheap and got good reviews.  I don't know how people are getting these cables to work... but out of the 3 I bought, 0 have functioned properly with my Palm Pre!  The best I can do is get it to charge, though the entire time it is charging the computer is complaining about "Unknown Device" and "Could not install drivers" even though it works beautifully with the original cable.  The only setting that works is "Just Charge"!  Each of the 3 cables fails slightly differently which makes me believe that each has a different flaw!  I've tried this with my Wife's Palm Pixi as well as used different computers and that failed as well.  Look elsewhere when attempting to purchase a cable for your Palm device!
5245	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This really helps with wire congestion on the kitchen counter.  Use a standard extention cord, not a muli-tap as there is not enough room inside the compartment.  Plug the extention cord into a wall mounted surge protector if you want to.  Soft, so it will not scratch wood tables.
2305	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have had the Q for about 3 weeks now and have played with it, installed apps on it, modified the home screen, read tons of reviews and forums on it and bought a screen protector for it.
7546	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great item arrived early just what I wanted, works perfects and was reasonably priced.


- The rates are about $0.05 per minute cheaper than AT&T, but ultimately it will depend on which countries you visit.
If you need a RELIABLE external battery pack (from a reputable company)...then look no further, this is the one.

Received box, and setup the same way that we did at work, boosted my signal, but after 20 min I could not make or receive calls. I unplugged the unit and 30 seconds later my phone was going crazy with incoming texts and voicemails.
3714	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It does the job! My car, like many nowadays, had only one power point, yet in this connected age we often need more power. This did the job!

Pros:
181	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This car charger works great for my Sprint Samsung Galaxy SII Epic 4G touch phone.  Good price and shipped promptly.
2700	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was unsure of this gel skin case but it was part of a special so I ordered it.  My son loves this one more than the leather portfolio I also purchased.  I only wish this came in a portfolio like cover to protect the screen.
3040	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Used to install a radio in my 2007 GMC Envoy with OnStar, and it works just as expected!
6892	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works great


* The multiple sizes of earbuds are a nice touch, and make this headset so comfortable that I have almost forgotten to take it off.
Comes with a laser too. Who doesn't need a laser. Cmon really, that is what sold me vs other chargers.
2314	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	You got everything from this phone. I am outlining details for dumhead people who says MP3 has problem and sound is low
As a result, I didn't have the highest of hopes for the Jabra SP5050 -- especially at its' price point -- but I needed something small that I could use in rental cars AND I didn't want to sacrifice quality.  What's the point of hands-free if, when you're at speed, there's too much noise in the system for the other party to hear you and you have to resort to using the handset?
The fit is perfect, leaving a bit of room for a thin windbreaker (and or sandwich) in the main compartment, and both my wallet and a small backup point & shoot camera in the front compartment.
I live a bowl-like depression in the foothills of the Catalina Mountains, in the northern part of Tucson, AZ. ATT's cell phone coverage is usable, but just barely. The reported signal strength without the case was barely within what Griffin calls "usable." Oddly, the audio quality is fairly good, and ATT coverage is better than Sprint, my previous carrier.
2621	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I cannot complain about the Plantronics Explorer 330.  The price was excellent.  It linked the first time with my Treo 755p without any problems. The sound is excellent compared to the Motorola H500 I had before.  Battery Life is good.  Also the people I talk to say that they hear me much better than the H500.  Only thing that keeps me from giving it a 5 star rating is that there is an occasional disconnect between it an my 755p.  I think that it a phone problem due to all the issues I have with this 755p but I do not know for sure yet.
s is because it was not ready to use out of the package.
5671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I got this bluetooth to allow my wife the freedom to speak while driving with our newborn. I thought it to be stylish and given the positive reviews I figured why not. Within two weeks of purchasing this product it stopped working. We continually tried charging and recharging, attempted to connect and reconnect the device to the mobile phone but to no avail. Sadly I threw away the packaging in haste and am stuck with this useless product that is now where it belongs, in the trash. Furthermore during the first week when the product worked, the reception was staticky at best.

Loud sound for a little package.
+ Easy controls for volume, etc
2262	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I thought this help to have good look for my two devices but this is important at last because I need to modify mini USB which is not easy from the cable but this one has small PCB inside that is giving me a room to add resistor. Thank you seller.

7498	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality, durable.... Been using it for a few months and no single complain for it.
8482	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Makes me feel secure on the sea. I listened to the Coast Guard perform a rescue. Excellent on my boat. No problems. No Installation required and easy to use. Easy to use and quick to understand. Paid for itself on first use.
First, the pros of the V3i model.  The call quality is somewhat better than the original V3, which already had exceptional sound clarity and reception in my experience with it.  Staying with the quad-band format is one of the best decisions that Motorola could have made with this phone- for individuals like me who travel abroad frequently, having a phone that can be used Stateside and overseas is an absolute must.
Plastic Stylus
The big strength of this headset is dealing with noise.  In comparison to the other two headsets I gave serious consideration, the Motorola H710 and the Jabra BT8040, the 510 had the best audio in all conditions.  One test was driving down the highway with all 4 windows down, the radio on at a moderate volume and the headset in the right ear.  Cabin noise was so loud that I felt the need to raise my voice level to hear myself.  I was able to hear callers over the noise just barely, and they could hear me, but did hear a lot of background noise as one would expect.  With the H710, I could hear callers well, but I was completely unintelligible to them.  The BT8040 was almost as good as the 510; callers heard me almost as well as with the 510, but I had trouble hearing callers because the audio was cutting in and out, as if echo cancellation was getting confused by all the noise.  All three worked quite well in quieter environments.  The H710 fails to cancel echo (of my voice back to me) when paired with a Uniden cordless land-line phone (with BT support).  The BT8040 fails to pair with the Uniden cordless phone at all.
1963	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Plug n play
+ It's nice to play games or view videos on TV using the A/V cable :)
OTHER COOL FEATURES:


8184	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had unlocked my old AT&T quad band phones and I thought this would be a good way to use them as backup phones.  Come to find out, T-Mobile SIM cards work just as well in the unlocked phones and they have a much better "gold" customer deal that starts with a $100 airtime card (1000 minutes) and a $10 SIM card that also has 100 minutes.  They key is that the phone number is good for a year and is extended by adding more air time.
9832	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not easy to review batteries... but what else can I say, they work! I bought these for my watch. Great value pack though
- Voice guidance
8809	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 along with several phone cases and this portable charger. I bought the charger mainly because I am unable to charge my phone with my cigarette lighter adapter. There is a short somewhere. I use the GPS on my phone, especially when traveling long distances. There have been numerous times when I have had to stop for hours to use an outlet in order to charge the battery on the phone, otherwise I get lost! This charger is a fantastic solution to my problem. It is lightweight, compact, and extremely versatile. It can be used on many of my electronics and I no longer have a different adapter/charger for every one. The price is very reasonable and the order shipped the same day I ordered it. Received it in 2 business days.

At this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)

1537	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a really great headset for those of us that love talking hands free.
Mine's going back. It isn't much better than my old H700 in actual use and have to carry yet another charger when I travel or manage another one at home is a real PITA! It is a bit louder than the H700, it will pair with more than one phone which is nice. All this is overshadowed by needing to carry yet another charger with me.
No Antenna

3302	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this is a unique product, it has a lcd screen and a swivel mount.  works great.  so great i got one for my wife. very clear, easy pairing.  yes it does not have an ac adapter but i bought a universal ac adapter for $10 at a discount store so i can recharge it at home.  to set up you have to charge for 2hours.  well that's hard to do in the car, so get an ac adapter since my wife and i have the same product all i need is one adapter.  any other time i could charge from the nice cig lighter adapter (has an on off switch).  so this is soooo nice i showed it to my partners and they want one.  cost a lot less than my "bug in ear" plantronics,  i've used the in ear units for driving,....this is way better. it can pair with i think 7 units.  i really like the lcd screen because you don't have to hear, remember beep sequences. the only reason i gave it a 4 for performance is the lack of a ac adapter.....you can't go wrong with this. now i hope this last a bunch of time.  also the swivel adapter allows you to mount in front or behind the visor and gives easy viewing....did i say i liked this.

PROS:


Thanks

When talking on my cell phone while driving, I am aware that my attention is diverted.  I don't like it.  So for some time now I have used a Plantronics headset (great product).  That improved the situation some but then I tried talking via bluetooth speakerphone in our 2008 RAV4.  Talking on speakerphone is VERY different.  It is much safer in my opinion.  It is just like talking to the person sitting next to you in the car.  I would encourage everyone who wants to be a safer less distracted driver while on the cell to get a GOOD QUALITY FULL DUPLEX speakerphone for their car.  The Parrot 3100 fits the bill.

164	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	es un cable para carro de excelente calidad , original de samsung , lo tengo algun tiempo sin ningun problema
8375	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was really excited about finding this product. I didn't get around to trying the remote, but everything worked reasonably well except my voice quality when making calls was just awful even with the car parked and not running, even when leaning over close to the mic and talking into it. Very disappointing. I wish someone would make an alternative product that works.
While the Jawbone's noise cancellation does seem good that's about all it has going for it because your voice still sounds muffled, soft and digital-like. Further, the Jawbone is too big and bulky to comfortably put it into a pocket to take with you.
I am satisfied with the quality mu and the timely delivery
Cons:
Heavy duty

 -PodCast allows you update your subscribed podcasts via WLAN. This is cool.
My Nokia N95 works like charm with this headset. This product changed my opinion about Motorola.

9499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great !  Exactly what I needed in an all metal barn.
1849	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed.
4544	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm comparing this with a Motorola H300.  Currently it is hooked to a Nokia from T-Mobile.
2048	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I had the 850 and thought that it was decent but could be better so I bought the 700. Let me just say that I own the Motorola V330 and from reading the other reviews, it seems that this headset works best with the razr. That being said, it does not work well with the v330. If you move more than 4 feet away from your phone, you get a ton of static. People tell me that I sound muffled when I'm talking to them. My advice is to only get this if you have the razr otherwise forget it.
5553	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	We tried to use this radio on a boating trip and it was effectively useless. Although it would turn on and transmit and receive immediately after being turned on, it soon went dead after being on for a few minutes.
When it would read anything it was just in a very narrow angle and I had to have the meter face turned toward the area of the reading.
1462	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had a 510 for a few years, after not being happy with an older Motorola unit. When I accidentally ran over it, I thought I would buy a Voyager Pro - a little sleeker and a better noise reduction.  After receiving two defective Voyager Pros, I went back and ordered my old standby Voyager 510.  It may not be as sleek as the Pro, but it works like a champ and I don't get any complaints about background noise when driving.  (Yes you still need to turn down the music though)

1267	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my wife.  She as used it for 3 weeks now.  It has excellent sound quality and functions and works flawlessy with her Verizon phone.  She has no problems with volume in the car and when she calls me I cannot even tell she is in the car.
7463	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am forever losing the charger cords to my electronics so I thought I'd get smart and get an extra one before I lose the original. I plugged this into my office outlet and it charges my phone with no problems. Good price too.






4847	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for hearing on both ends, noise cancellation works great. People barely know I am on a mobile phone. Holds a charge really well, and only really need to recharge every other day, unless making alot of calls.
And cool enough for a teenager as a text messaging, 6 GB MP3 player, games, camera, and camcorder phone.  That also includes the text messages services for AOL, MSN, and Yahoo.
quality is crappy when you zoom w/ the camera
8910	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had the New Trent IMP52D iTorch for about 3 weeks now and I love it.



411	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like this cover very much.  It is very beautiful and a great protection for the phone.  I recommend it.
Great fit and looks great even after several months.
2624	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This product is junk. Had it less than a month and it stopped working. Dont waste your money.
When paired with the A120s you can only control the volume, but with the dongle I can play/pause & skip forward & back.
2963	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my first pair of Bluetooth headphones, and I opted for this style because I want a set of headphones for my phone that will truly deliver the music quality and sound that I'm looking for, and I want that to come in a pair of headphones that feel like they're worth the money I paid for them. These headphones easily fulfill both of these desires for me, and then some!
- Compact
For those concerned with the clip, it otherwise very sturdy and will not fall of. It holds on to the iPhone for dear life and removing it is no chore at all. I recommend using the clip in order to avoid pockets which usually have something that can make it's way into the ports (and NOBODY wants that).
3716	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good quality
The headset is bulkier than my self destructed HS850.  The recharge plug pushes in with a friction fit as opposed to Motorola's press to unlatch type power plug (actually its the same charger that fits many Mot phones) that ripped the guts out of my HS850.
a2dp operation is OK, but prev/next operation is kinda hassle

8227	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It fits my WRX hatchback. I put socks around the top suction cups to protect my roof.
I can not stress how important the fit to your ear and head is for this to function properly.
4648	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	and start coming apart

6763	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good

I got the White color and wife love it so much..Enjoy Samsung D807
If you have need for multiple cell types to be amplified, this is the choice for you.  However if you have one provider, and are planning on sticking with them, almost every single provider now offers a variant of what is known as a femtocell.  Essentially you plug it in to your high speed internet, it broadcasts cell signal, and it routes out through internet.  One downside is that some providers charge you a monthly fee for doing this (but generally give you unlimited talking when using it), others just charge you for the price of the box (generally less than what this costs).
con:


8801	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works well and charges pretty fast. I can get a couple charges on my phone before it dies.
5. I hear a clicking whenever I use it, no matter how close the piece is to my 650.
At first I was quite confused on how to use the device and whether it was even working or not, so I kept notes as I 'played' with it - The IMP52D has 4 blue indicating lights, left to right - I'll identify them as 1, 2, 3 & 4 - and one button that can be 'Quick Clicked', 'Click and 2 Second Hold' or 'Click and 3 Second Hold' -
The battery life is poor, but I keep a charger in the car which helps a great deal.
The case does not stick out all that much as other writers have said.
5405	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	While it did come quickly that was it.  The first time I plugged it into my power outlet in my car the charger literally fell apart.  I plugged it in and when it did not work I pulled it out and the stupid thing fell into little pieces.  It would cost more to mail it back and get a refund then it is worth.  I guess you get what you pay for and that is the last time I buy anything from this company!

4384	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good product, I just didn't like the feel of it on my belt and I can't put my phone in with a case on.
691	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good customer service. never any issues. great about upgrades. Simple and Easy to get and new phone mailed and have simple instructions on how to setup your new phone.
In short: The iPhone is about form, the N95 (and Symbian devices in general) about function.

3. It works great
9715	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They work like they are supposed to.
Pros: Great function features, very cool style, no antenna, internal and external display.
In order to charge anything Apple, you have to use the cable that came with the Apple device. (Not a terrible thing, you have it already)
1. Audio is good. It's loud and clear... sometimes even too loud for me.
Pro:
8038	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been  looking for a wireless head phone similar to the one I use at work to walk around the home. I was not concerned about it being used as long as it worked.

I then decided to try installing the recommended DSL line filter, something I never had to do with any other phone on this line. It has definitely improved the call quality and lessened the background noise, although it's mildly there.  I'm glad my hearing is not as sharp as it was 25 years ago!
4637	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Very durable case and protects my Note 4 well.  However, the belt clip portion of the case is wearing out fast!  Specifically, the material that connects the metal belt clip to the case is already VERY frayed although I don't use it every day.
Update:


2697	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Slim case! The belt clip/kick stand broke 2 days into use. Small bumps cause it to fall off the belt clip until it finally just breaks.

2) The screen of the phone is a bit recessed which is good for protecting it in case of a fall, but it makes pressing buttons or links that are near the edges of the screen harder.
The only warning I'd give is that the battery tends to get hot. I imagine that's typical of all such devices but since I've never heard another, I really can't say. It's not so hot that it seems dangerous, but I do try to make sure that it has some breathing room while charging so it doesn't overheat.
It sounded as if these Motorola Buds were getting good reviews, so I picked up a pair (from a store in NYC with a guaranteed return policy) -- and I must say, they're outstanding!!!
6845	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The batteries I received were manufactured in 2011.  This means that more than half of their usable life is already used up (http://www.microbattery.com/microbat/pdf/energizer-battery-shelf-life.pdf).  Had I known the batteries were already four years old I would have purchased the batteries locally.

3958	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This BlueAnt product works like a champ! This speakerphone bluetooth has a very crispy sound! It looks great! I definitely recommend everyone to buy this product.  You won't get disappointed with this great product!

All and all a 5 star unit

- Backlighting is tricky when trying to discern between letters and symbols

While the Jawbone's noise cancellation does seem good that's about all it has going for it because your voice still sounds muffled, soft and digital-like. Further, the Jawbone is too big and bulky to comfortably put it into a pocket to take with you.

While the phone is pretty compact it is too much so. Its easy enough to carry around but when I would go to use it is when I ran into trouble.
6415	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great fit to the LCD of my D7000
-has a high capacity for its size
The main downfall with this phone I've had for almost 2 months now is that the camera works on and off. Sometimes when you try to access it it works fine, and other times, the screen goes stationary and doesn't go to the camera at all so you must wait and then come back to it.

7866	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was concerned by the number of bad reviews, but given the low price, I was willing to risk it anyway.  Turned out to be a great decision. I use the iphone 4 quattro case and have been unable use most 3.5 mm phone plugs.  This adapter has a very slim body compared to others and fits securely in my iphone without removing the case.  I use a cassette adapter to pump the sound to my truck stereo and the sound is awesome!  I liked it so much and the price is so low that I just placed an order for three more so I have one in all my vehicles and travel kit.
The 801247 kit is easy to set up. In fact, it took me longer to get it out of the packaging than it did to set it up. I used the option of attaching it to the inside of a window that faces towards the nearest cellphone tower. The was quite a distance from my desk, but the 50 feet of cable Wilson provides is up to the task. It is great to have it in two lengths in case you don't need to go as far, but I am glad then included a cable connector so that i could use the full length. I plugged the cable into the desktop unit, attached the antenna and plugged it in.
The only Con is component cables in general not just this one but: Who put 2 Red ends on this stupid cable???? Gesh. Way to get a guy confused!
3027	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	the battery on this phone is terrible...evewryday i'm charging it, and the reception is very poor.....i miss my nokia
upgraded since then since it is a good quality cable and the connectors at each end are covered by the same rubbery material used for the cable.
On the front of the unit is where the USB port for plugging in a phone, tablet etc under that USB port is a micro B USB port, this port is used for charging up the battery pack itself. To the left and right of the full size USB port for actually charging your phone are the LED light and the laser pointer. I found the USB port for charging your phone or tablet was very stiff and was not loose it holds a USB cable in very securely without any problems. You can actually plug a USB cable in and dangle the charger by the cable and even bounce it around without it unplugging itself. This is one of the main reasons why I prefer this charger over my old IMP70D since that one had very loose USB ports and things would contently come unplugged.
OK. I am back with an updated review of the phone after about 6 months or so. It has been so far very lightly used. I recently started to use the phone's bluetooth tethering for internet service. I just love it. It gives me roughly the speed of a 768K DSL line. During thunderstorms and power outage or in the park, I can use the EVDO internet. So far the only complain I have is the battery life. With the bluetooth on, it last a very short time.
3982	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had been looking at different car handsfree options for a while.  I had looked at the options from Motorola, Parrot, and Blueant.  I went with the Blueant since the only things I had heard about their produtcs were good.  I'm glad I did.

1339	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product does have shortfalls like the tone not being natural and you have to speak up a little, but for the price it is a great product.  It allows you to clip to the visor of your car a speakerphone function that will automatically connect to your bluetooth phone (more that just Motorola phones too once they are "paired") and answer a call without trying to grab for your phone on your waist or anywhere else.  It of course would be safer to just leave the phone alone, but this is about the easiest and safest way to answer the phone if you must unless you have a headset.  I have since bought one for the whole family since none of them can just let the phone ring.
(4) Increases data communication rates needed for 3G technologies;
  -Parental controls allows for programming who she can call/receive calls from, in addition to time limits, ect.
The first is powering on. As others have noted, there is a bit of a "thump" sound through the speakers when the LiquidAux finishes pairing with my phone.  The louder you have your stereo turned up, obviously the worse this is.  But it lets me know that I can start my phone playing.  Of course, I can also have my phone playing through its built in speaker when I get into the car, and as soon as power-up/pairing occurs, the sound will automatically start playing through the speakers.  There is also a slight thump between tracks.
It shakes too much when you are driving.
9725	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfectly and a great value.
Mic is horrible for wind noise and amplifying high-pitch noises... others complain about it... often
6692	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my parents as they are very rural and can't get good service in their house.  Now they do.  Even though it is supposed to be for just a single room, they swear that it improves their signal throughout their house.  0-1 bar before, now 2 bars throughout the house and 3 bars within 3 ft of the desktop antenna.
It also works for the kids Nintendo DS.  I suppose any USB charged device will run longer or charge off of this battery.

1040	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very handy
Cons: Card slots initially very tight. (a little elbow grease & patience is needed)
In short, if you are a fan of the Palm OS like I am, the Centro is definitely worth a look...but I cannot emphasize enough to get that look in PERSON rather than in photos.  If you have trouble using a Qwerty keyboard on the regular Treo's, the Centro will only compound that issue I promise you -- otherwise, kudos to Palm for a great upgrade and nice packaging.
If I run this through the washer like I did my last one, I will definately replace it with another H700.  From the research I've done and one's I've borrowed from others, the H700 is the best on the market.
I have to admit that I gave this unit 4 starts because in the instructions it mentions these blue/white wires to be amp turn on wires and not auto antenna wires. I think they need to update the instructions and do a bit more research on how different stereo manufacturers use their terms to explain the unit's functions and wires. Also, I am not pleased, as others have mentioned, about the creation of the tones used for the "GM tones". They ARE very loud and short. The original tone was more laid back and sounded as if it were such as a tubular bell being struck and not so peircing to the ear. These sounds out of this unit are just three very loud and fast bursts of tone which will take some getting used to. I know a person can adjust for the loudness but it doesn't make them any more pleasing.
If it's one thing I would REALLY like, then it's a replaceable [rechargeable] battery. I'd really hate to buy a new headset just because the battery will no longer hold a charge.
great to carry on purse or in a pocket. It ususally charges 2 times my Blackberry torch and it also charges my playbook(only once) and the same amount of charges for the iphone.
9276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this case because the Samsung phone is quite a bit larger than my last phone, and I needed a convenient way to carry it around without it being in the way.  I am always sitting things down and forgetting them - I never can find the TV remote.

The LED flashlight is obviously not very bright (don't bring this battery with you on a night time excursion expecting the LED to light the path for you)

Original review: I LOVE THESE BUDS!!!!! I have had them for about ten days or so, so I can't speak to how well they'll hold up over time. Now, for me to say I love ANY earbuds is a huge compliment, because I have gone through at least a dozen pairs (or more) of various designs of earbuds, trying to find that "perfect" fit/sound/convenience factor. At first, I was a little hesitant about ordering something that went around my neck and then had the wires that went up to my ears, being used to the usual design of most of the earbuds on the market. And I wasn't sure I wanted to be walking around my workplace with a piece of hardware around my neck on a daily basis. However, there is a photograph of a woman wearing a pair of these on the Amazon page, and they didn't look that bad, just kind of different. So I took the plunge and ordered a set of black ones.
7014	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's value buy! This combo includes three items in a pack. Timely delivery and fits well with my KE970 Shine. I am very satisfy with it.
3548	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is not the best phone ever made. It is not the worst phone ever made.
The nuvi200 is not bad (though not spectacular either) considering the $150+ price tag (less $25 combined w/ Amazon rewards I recently received).

The Boom best of all but so far no bluetooth. [...]
6422	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have never been a fan of the plastic clip on screen protectors.  You buy a $1000 + camera, and put a chintzy looking plastic thing on it.  It gets scratched up, and makes it harder to see through it, and if you bump your camera just right, it's gone.  These glass protectors improve on all of these shortcomings:

GOOD:
9441	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	like
8577	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this product is the best. definitely a 5 star because works well and is very easy to use. excellent product as well as the price
+ Positives +
4.  There are no games that come with it.  You get 2 demos of crappy games that let you play for 5 mins only.  Terrible.
5848	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	CRAP!
2. 12V adapter seems to "cook" the battery.
**With our installation, I already knew where our closest cell phone towers are located & which carriers are on which tower.
3756	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	On a recent trip, I had a portable refrigerator, a radar detector, an iPad and an iPhone plugged into this little device...worked perfectly, didn't even seem to get warm. Also like that the cord is long enough to allow you to put the device anywhere you might want...in our case, we used a 12V outlet in the back of our SUV, but were able to keep the unit between the front seats. Well made for the price and even comes with an accessible fuse should you overdo it. Definitely recommended.
5824	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I snapped in this trackball and it works great.  Mine was having problems I think because I had dropped the phone a few too many times.  It think that's probably the only reason I would have problems with this one.  At this price maybe I should order a spare to have on hand.
6038	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have always burned through my iPhone battery quickly. I use my phone for about 16 hours a day and end up recharging it at least once, but usually twice each day. I was leaving town and knew I would be in meetings each day and not have the opportunity to recharge my phone, so I felt it was time to purchase a battery pack. The iTorch was reasonably priced and had good reviews, so I decided to purchase it. The instructions were easy to understand, and the pack wasn't too bulky to carry. When my phone died, I connected the pack then put it in my pants pocket. I used my iPhone cable which allowed me some extra length. The phone comes with a cable to charge the pack but not one to connect it to the phone. This would have been a nice addition, but I had several already, so it didn't concern me. The charge time was quick, and it allowed me to use the phone while it was charging. While I never thought I would have a need for the flashlight or laser, I actually ended up needing one for my presentation during the trip.

5350	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good sound comes from them. THe split at the end by the ear buds is annoying under your chin while driving, but, the quality of the sound and the usability is good.

Couldn't give it 5 stars because of the lack of noise-cancellation circuitry. [...]
Product like Described & on time delivery


This cell phone reminds me of a pretty girl with the voice of cartoon character.  If you prize fashion over function - go for it.

8104	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is a little different in the style and design but I think thats a feature. I am not sure what the other reviewer was saying about its compatibility but I had no problems connecting with my Macbook Pro and my HTC Touch Pro. My favorite feature is that I can use any set of headphones with the tag for the best sound isolation. I am a bit of an Audiophile so I love my Etymotic ER-4 and ER-6 and they work perfectly with this BT. I will say that the Jabra included headphones are not bad and are actually built well. They are also very convenient with the shortened cable so perfect for wearing and putting the BT at the right height.
3990	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this one because I wanted a better looking case that was a reasonable price but yet was a strong case that would protect my Cell phone well, this case meets those expectations.
7596	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well made
5479	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have a Blackberry Curve 8320 on Tmobile with software version 4.5.0.81 (the latest available as of today). I have been looking for a bluetooth adapter for my car for some time and thought I finally found one that does what I want. Unfortunately it did not work reliably.
  3 bars (-89dBm)

7363	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This phone is very nice, thin, sleek, fits right in  your pocket.  I purchased this


Seller, if you're reading this, I deserve a real 8350i Blackberry Curve screen protector.
2377	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Ok, seriously, who are the group of dolts at Samsung approving the release of a products like this?  Did they take the time to at least put it in their ear?  I'm writing this because they are making newer models, but with zero design improvements.
8594	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good clip. It worked just fine.
Overall, a great purchase.



  The visual indicators for status are sparse, so often you are left guessing as to precisely what status your Jawbone is in. I found that restablishing my Bluetooth connection, which I had accidentally severed, was way more difficult than it had to be.
Handy portable reserve power
4124	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a great case for the iphone, fits the iphone like a glove. Even makes the button controls seem more responsive. Doesn't even feel like i have to press the buttons hard at all. This definitely will keep your iphone in good shape especially in combo with a good screen protector.
7025	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a European model Nokia N810 Internet Tablet which came with a perfectly usable but hulking charger plus a plug adapter. This is slimmer, lighter, and fits in American sockets. It even includes a nice Velcro cord manager. I now have one at home and one at my office. Needless to say, this is the one I use for traveling.
This mobile charger is small and compact and will provide multiple charges for your USB device.  Also note that this charger has one USB port, where some chargers have two.
I tested the Plantronics 855 with Pocket Tunes and it only works without breaking up by using the lowest settings (low quality, monotone).  If you set it to high stereo, it breaks up too much to enjoy anything.  In contrast, I own a set of ILUV Noise Cancelling Bluetooth headsets and I tested them with Audio Gateway and Pocket Tunes on my Palm Treo 755p.  Wow!  The sound was outstanding!  Perfect quality and no distortion or breakup.  So, without a doubt, the problem is with the Plantronics 855.
The only con I can think of is that I wish the charger would indicate how much the battery is charged.  I know it's written in the directions somewhere, but I'm pretty bad about keeping track of where I put that sort stuff.  Totally recommend this product for charging phones and ipods.
5735	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pros:
5780	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The perfect OEM holster to accompany your Blackberry. Very nicely made and well worth the price. The pivoting clip is an added bonus.
5077	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this product for my Navigon 7100 and it fits perfectly.  It has a magnetic closing style.  It protects and doesn't add too much bulk.
8337	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought the Nokia N82 for the 5MP camera, the full motion 30fps video and the symbian OS. It replaced a SE K790a. The above mentioned features work well and I've never been able to fill my installed 8GB SD micro SDHC card. Initially I was concerned when it turns out some of my favorite programming is transmitted over the internet using the Microsoft WMA format which symbian doesn't support, however, I was able to work around this using my home Sling Player AV and installing Sling Player Mobile on my Nokia N82. Now through T-Mobile internet I listen to and watch a variety of cable programming worldwide which is coming off my home's Verizon FIOS box. I also get Shoutcast internet audio programming directly off internet websites through T-Mobile internet and this, of course, works flawlessly and most efficiently. It would be nice if more internet broadcasters adopted this format. Overall its hard to beat this phone. Battery life is very good considering how I use the phone and it recharges quickly.
2569	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It paired easily with my Treo.  The sound quality is perfect.  No one complained about the sound quality on the other end, like with my Motorolla.  It's comfortable and light.  The battery life is good.  I am totally happy with it.
-  Some rubber on it would prevent it from slides on the desk.
4051	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This product advertises amazing results, but does not perform as described. I purchased this product to boost the signal in my office at work because my office building is in a somewhat remote suburb. I did not see any improvement in the strength or consistency of my signal after a few days of continuous use. I was not hoping for miracles, but was at least hoping to see some improvements. I will continue looking for alternatives, as I was not at all satisfied with this product and I have since returned it.
I wear them at work all day.
The cons: I only wish it had a better earpiece... on that really goes INTO my ears, like my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sony-MDR-XB20EX-9mm-High-Sensitivity-Driver-Extra-Bass-EX-Earbuds/dp/B001RB24TG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sony MDR-XB20EX 9mm High Sensitivity Driver Extra Bass EX Earbuds</a>. The volume and mute buttons are kinda small and hard to reach/press.
Nothing amazing about the strap but it gets the job done and is cheap. Can't ask for much more. 4 stars for me

7426	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I've replaced this item long ago, surprisingly with another Jawbone product that works well.  Hopefully, you will not find this original vintage anymore.
9994	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I went to buy this battery for my phone and AT&T wanted over $40.00. I decided to search the internet for a better price. I need not search anymore. Great Buy, Great Product.
Yes, the ipod/iphone bounces around a bit on the windshield but I think that has more to do with the car than the product.
Only issue is that the unit is light weight and cables tend to cause it to fall over
complete sound isolation
5360	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've never seen a phone my wife could not destroy.  She will hand the phone to our young children.  She drops the phone.  She places the phone in her purse with a variety of damaging article.  This cover is not for the tame.  It is as much protection as one can buy.  It worked for us.  A phone that survived ... yeh!
4457	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My Razr V3 after two years wouldn't hold a charge.  Both Cingular & Verizon stores offered replacements batteries that cost almost as much as the phone did new.  For under $10 bucks this replacement gave my phone a new lease on life.  It is an exact replacement and not some knockoff.  Great talk and standby time.
8454	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a short-term review, as it has only been in use for less than a month.  I also have a Uniden MHS350 radio, which is a much heavier duty VHF radio that this Cobra model.
6373	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The case I received is NOT as it was pictured on Amazon.  I purchase it ONLY because I wanted exactly what was pictured.  The case I received has an elastic band stiched into the leather side straps.  This will fail over time and the cell phone will fall out.  Don't waste your time and money ordering what is pictured.  That is not what you will receive.
8967	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	There are an awful lot of chargers out there (and I've tried and returned several of them), but this one charges both my BB Bold and my Mini iPad, and in fact charges both of them QUICKLY.  Love the flashlight and laser point too.  I've only had a day, but I sure do like it so far!!
- I really have no idea what the 3 layers of protection refers to but to me it would appear that the 3 layers is simply 2 different materials that I can see that make up it's construction.
cam cover bulge
7519	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent! ordering 2 more.


Super easy to use.
7655	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I got this for my wife.  It worked for a few months, then it simply wouldn't come on anymore.  We have no idea why.  Save your money and get a better quality headset. That's just my opinion,

1721	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My dad's cellphone broke, so he wanted the same phone since he's used to the software of the phone and the phone itself. My dad loved the cellphone.
4382	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I am not happy with the quality of the product and chip looking material; however it fits the price.  I wish it was a little bigger too so the phone could easily comes out specially when using the protector cover. Also I could not easily turn off the phone when can not answer. It is not easy to use the clip on belt or purse, too tight; however, I like the two sim-card keeper slot for international traveling use.
Lon
2253	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Does what it should.  What is there to write about?
1375	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a lovely purchase the gift went over very well The item is still being used Love it Thank you

All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.
Mp3/Video Player- I haven't tried these yet but will be sure to have an update when I do try it. 0 stars
5527	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my second try at a good phone holder for the car. I have a Palm Treo 700p and also have the larger battery so it's been hard to find a holder that holds it tight. This one holds it just like I want. It has come off the windshield a few times, but that may be dur to the heat and it loses suction to windshield. A good buy for the money.
Update: 5/8/2008:

SE:10/10 Shine: 5/10

Its a good unit for those who want something fashionable but as other reviews have mentioned one must be careful when taking it out of the "coffin" charger.
The battery life for playing music is poor: perhaps 3 hours, about the same as talking on the phone. If you play a lot of music on a flight, you won't be able to use the phone when you land.

This meter, unlike many, has multiple sensors so you don't have to continuously spin it while using it.  Other meters that have just one sensor say in their instructions to do so.  If you spin it incorrectly, you could get an inaccurate reading.  We aren't experts in using these things, and we wanted an accurate reading, so we went with this meter.  We tested it in a hotel room, in a house, in the yard, by power lines, and by various electronics and other items.  The meter gave consistent readings for the items and places we tested.  It is easy to read and easy to use.  Based on our meter readings and the studies, we were able to make an informed decision about the house.

Cons: Once fully depleted, it takes 4+ hours to recharge.
- Long lasting




2311	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice slider phone, wanted a change from the bricks and flip phones.  Bluetooth is great, and the Samsung PC Suite (free download from Samsung) lets you edit your contacts, upload ringtones, and just about anything else you want to do.  Battery life is great, about one week between charges.  The speaker is not the greatest quality, so a headset is recommended.  Cingular did not bundle a headset, so that's extra.  Interface is intuitive and functions are easy to figure out.  Speakerphone sound quality is only marginal.

This wonderful invention allows the phone companies to charge an extra fee over-and-above the rates that they are allowed to charge for their services, so that they can fund the very expensive effort of fighting the other parts of the laws that they don't like!  They can make the fee any amount they want, because it doesn't actually go to any government or regulatory body.  It just goes straight to the phone company so they can hire more lawyers.  With high-powered Washington lawyer/lobbyists charging $400 an hour, you can imagine how hard it would be to survive without these great fees!
9607	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does it work?  Yes. Does it work as advertised - yes.  I can count on one bar in the house without the Wilson, using the Wilson, as advertised, I get 5 bars.  The key is AS advertised........ this is not going to be used any other way. The location of the recieving antenna and the transmitting antenna is CRITICAL!  You need to be fairly close to the recieving end of this  and everything pretty  much needs to flow in one direction.
As of the writing of this review, the phone seems to be too new for electronic accessory companies to have come up with a non-brand auto charger and headset.  You'll have to pay your service provider rates if you want these.
4291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to "obey the law" and no longer drive while talking on the phone in my hand. It works just as described. My wife told me the voice quality is better than her built in unit on her RAV 4. Perhaps because the mic is on the visor directly above my head. I use it frequently to listen to my music on my droid because I really can't stand commercials. An added bonus of this phone is that I have used it several times inside the house. At the front door to broadcast Halloween music to my stereo, at my mother in-laws to listen to a selection of Xmas music and from my deck to play music.
8336	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this item from Amazon about 2 months ago. Was promptly delivered.

4942	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is very flimsy, both connectors and the cable.  Mine only works if you wiggle the phone end and hold it just right.  Obviously pretty worthless like that.  Forget buying this one, even if it works when you first get it don't expect it to last more than one or two uses.
plug in the iTorch at night so that it was fully charged each day. With all
1397	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great sound quality combined with comfortable design!!! Highly recommended!!!
7779	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have had the H710 Motorola Earbud for awhile now and have found it to be pretty good.  I had to replace my original that I lost at the airport (my own fault) going through security.  The replacement was fine until the little colored metal stripe on the boom came loose at the tip (small pointed end) and ended up bent back unrepairable.  So, I just pulled the strip off the earbud.  End of problem.  I was thinking though, has this happened to others?  Is this from a group of earbuds that were marked possibly defective and that is why I got it at a discount?  Anyway, it works fine without the "look good" metal strip.
2119	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I was very disappointed that the head/tip of this cable is too wide to fit through the opening of most shells - while it looks similar in size to a standard OEM/Apple tip, it's not an is about one-quarter of an inch wider and thus doesn't connect to the charge port on the bottom of an iPhone 4.  Very poor design on Belkin's part.
I used to put the set in my pocket between calls.  Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.  I contacted the company and they indicates that this is because if the loop doesn't break, the headset itself would break instead.


The bottom line is that this product does work--when it works at all.  If there was a comparable product on the market I would switch to it in a heartbeat.  But functionally competitive products require wired access to the outdoors, which for most people is not practical at work.
 * First received it, lights 2, 3, & 4 come on, one at a time, left to right and stay lit until all 3 are on - then they shut off and the cycle repeats -
The USB 5 volts is pretty clean and accurate checking with load on car start I am getting 5.1v and it settles at 4.95v, all well within tolerances for any usb device.

So we recommend this as a family
I will note the first one I got (which I admit was used) worked terribly after a month, but you pay for what you get which is especially true with bluetooth headsets. I have seen others go as high as $200 and yet this one works well for an average pricing. I have bought headsets for $10, $30, $80, and $200 and more often than not the more you pay for it the better it works. Happy listening. Overall a damn good little headset and certainly worth the price.
2. The screen is very bright, easy to see and use.


845	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I can't imagine how these got 4 stars. They won't stay in my ears no matter what size tips I try. And, they sound terrible. No base and very tinny. My $10 cheap earbuds sound 10 times better than these. Returning.
I was very pleased with how easily these buds paired with both my Moto-E phone and my iPads, so that is a plus. The acid test was: how well would they hold up at work? I am at work approximately nine hours a day and I just knew I would have to take these buds off and charge them at some point during the day. I was also wondering how long they would take to charge. Well, let me tell you, they played music continuously for the ENTIRE 9 hours. It was only when I was on my way home that I got the little voice that said "Low battery". So I can listen to music all day long without recharging these earbuds, and I think that's fabulous. I work in a very distracting and sometimes loud environment, so my music is what helps to calm and focus me. My last set of Bluetooth earbuds would only play for two hours without running out of power and having to be recharged for almost an hour. So that was three recharges per day - pretty poor, compared to these buds. The Motorola buds fully charge in roughly 90 minutes - not long at all, for the battery life you get.  An extra bonus with these earbuds: I can walk clear to the back of our building from my desk (about 75 feet) and still get signal, albeit spotty. And that's through three interior walls!


I figured this was the year to see if a signal booster could help.  I spoke with many other RVer's and campers, all of which had NO service.  One RV did have a signal booster from another company and complained how he can barely get service, ONE BAR if he is lucky using his booster.
Overall, this product does exactly what it's supposed to with added benefits like button protection (most other cases leave the buttons exposed) which makes it less likely to accidentally press them.  Also, the case wraps to the front of the screen and protrudes about 1/16" beyond the glass so it protects the screen if the phone is accidentally slid across the floor or it's dropped flat on the glass.  My only gripe is an aesthetic one but that's very subjective... and I don't think most Galaxy Note owners are very critical about aesthetics.  Hopefully this company makes one for the soon-to-be-released Note 2 as I'll be getting one once it's released.
9172	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It comes with a few adapters and will work with the iPhone usb cable. It is good for multiple devices where a single device power case will not work.
Only cons I see are;
Excellent sound quality.
11. Ergonomics: fits my ear fine, and stays put during normal physical activity. I have not tested it jogging. Amazingly small footprint. Clever use of a minimal number of buttons and multi-colored LEDs (Call/Answer;Volume Up/Down). Pressing both up/down volume while headset is open (and not connected to the charger, or in a call), shows battery life remaining in 3 colors, Red/Yellow/Green, which corresponds to hours of talk time left.
6252	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like mine so much I bought a second one as a Christmas gift.  I highly recommend this. Works with iPhone & android.
8717	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	was looking for a replacement and was surprise how much it was going for so i had to buy two

The slide mechanism isn't very smooth.

8994	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This iTorch is an awesome product and an amazing convenience to have. It does everything I could hope for. The battery capacity is more than sufficient to supply multiple devices enough power to last throughout the day. I am very relieved to know I have a backup power supply in the event I forget to charge a device before class. I will be taking a lengthy road trip soon and I am certain this external battery will be a lifesaver for everyone involved. New Trent was brilliant to use a USB, the compatibility with other devices is the best. Almost every device these days has the capability to charge through a USB cable and most include it when you buy!

*the size of it is much better than some of the other smartphones out there

1287	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I was very dissapointed with its audio performance. I don't want to write a lot because others have definitely written the positive features in good detail(good microphone, quick connect, good battery life, light-weight etc.), but the usability is very restricted.
1. Form factor: it's perfectly small but still functional. Small enough to fit in a pocket on a dress shirt or pants without looking odd, large enough to have a great screen and usable keyboard
The Scala 700 comes with a proprietary usb and a case.  Nice.
7959	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I don't use the factory iphone headphones with the built in microphone, so I can't comment on whether or not that aspect works. I recently got a new iphone case that wouldn't allow my aux input for my car to fit through it, so I got this adapter. Sound plays through my speakers loud and clear, so I couldn't be happier.
2958	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great fit for the LG LX570 Musiq. The only gripe I have is that the case I received was not two tone yellow/black like the picture. I would definitely purchase this case again.
-Annoying status LED most of the time. The feedback is good, but hella annoying at night indeed. Black tape!
Theses companies make their money by selling junk, counting on the Amazon customer not to feel it is worth the hassle to return it. For every one I have to return I lose an hour of my time. My time is worth more than th $10 I get ripped off for. But I do it anyway b/c hopefully at some point AMAZON is going to take responsibility for the conduct of their market sellers. AMAZON's new logo is to become the most customer centric company on earth. Well AMAZON, you can start here: Bargain Cell -- which is one of the worst offenders, Wireless Phone Accessories and now the OEM Shop -- what a joke for a name for the last one since clearly they KNOW they are selling counterfeit batteries.
conclusion: if size doesn't matter for you, this phone is a good choice, with nice big screen, good reception (a little bit better than moto T722i, which has good reception), good camera function, 100% wireless connection (irda/bt) between pc, you'll not feel sorry
Now, I don't have to have to look for plugs at airports or worry about my phone battery going dead during the day.
Connecting to my bluetooth motorola was quick, as is synching to my computer for transferring files to the device.

5699	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	doesn't stay in one position
Recommended, for long trips, home use, but frequent small commutes, I think it becomes a problem to maintain properly.  FYI, typo in the quick start guide/manual on item six it says 3G S instead of 4G S.  Maybe a reprint edit of an earlier model, or just a fat finger typist.
So far, no problems, but I suspect that it will eventually wear out.

- fairly light and comfortable to usg, even in my somewhat-louder diesel pickup
The IMP52D charged from both my 110V Apple USB charger and my Amazon Kindle USB charger - the IMP52D also charged using either the included cable or my Amazon Kindle Reader cable -



6876	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	not bad
Durability: People say the LG Shine has a stronger build than the Sony Ericsson, but if you actually compare the two, you find that you cannot actually compare the two... Why? The SE is a plastic phone; the LG shine is a plastic phone with metallic components. One thing that is not usually noted is that the Shine actually has VERY little metal in its body; it's only the battery cover and some of the front. The LG shine doesn't really feel that much more durable than the SE. If you drop the shine, you will certainly damage the screen, and/or scratch the body, and/or break the phone. With something plastic, eg. Sony Ericsson, a drop will do no more than give a few scratches. Regarding the slider mechanism, the LG Shine's "snaps" when you open and close it, whereas the SE's slider is not as snappy. Due to the difference in the way that the phones slide, it isn't really accurate to say that one feels more durable than the other. Since the durability was one of my biggest concern in getting the phone, I did a test of each phone upon cracking open the box: I opened and closed each phone 300 times. Results: The LG Shine's slider remained the same; the SE's slider got smoother after the test.
Someone called me to fix something on a weekend - it was something I could have fixed in 5 minutes on a real terminal, it took eight on the tiny terminal. In many ways, emacs seems to work better than vi does in character mode, but they both work.
also included is a thing you can glue to your dashboard the allows you to slip the phone onto (with the little button, not the clip).  very handy!

All in all, I think it's a great phone, even though it doesn't have a QWERTY keyboard. After all it is a PHONE.
7033	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have searched for months for a "good quality" phone holster. The majority are cheaply made, the edges fray, the threads break and the whole thing falls apart. Finally, I have a holster that stands up to constant wear.  It's built to be tough.  If it gets soiled, just throw it in the washing machine and then take out to dry.  It will slide over your belt for horizontal carry, and the metal clip is so strong you can thread your belt through it for vertical carry.  Most clips on the others I've had would allow the holster to become unattached quite easily.  This thing probably meets military specs because it's so rugged.  No more cheap, imitation leather/vinyl holsters for me.  I bought this one for less total money that I had paid for the last three cheap holsters I've use in the past year.

569	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Want to try one? They sell these at the dollar stores. It does nothing to improve your signal.
958	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The buds have a very good sound. they have a decent range. They are very comfortable to wear. the cord on the buds could be a little longer but other than that they are good. They are very light, so you reall don't feel them around your neck. if they could play the ringtones i have set for my contacts they would be awesome.
7354	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I returned it. Later learned that internet access settings have to be properly configured for US to send pictures. Perhaps this was not done..
Enjoy!
Navigation: Those that say navigation on the Shine is difficult are clearly retarded: physically or mentally. The joystick on the Shine takes no practice to nail. It is very easy to use, and is not too small. The SE, with no joystick, as imagined, is also very easy to use. My only caveat with the SE is that there's no dedicated end call button like my old Nokia. The numbered menus in the Shine are very easy to use.
216	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great!


9404	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ThanksA++++
I can't really imagine any improvements. I didn't even see the mini USB opening at first. So beautifully planned. It's also very handy to have both USB slots. It packs up quickly with my other iPhone and iPad cords, nothing bulky to pack. Honestly between the speed and amount of power available I think the price is excellent. No negatives here, just as close to perfection as it could be.
4865	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love everything about the H710 Bluetooth Headset. It is small and compact, easy to turn on and off, fits my ear wonderfully for I have small ears, great sound and easy to use.  It does let me get more than 300 feet from my phone but not to much more so that is wonderful.  I have had several Bluetooths that have cost a lot more and have not worked as good as this one. I think if you try this one you will like it.
943	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good Product and worth it.
2907	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i was looking some headphone to my kid couse he wanted to play COD so this piece was very good rated and the price is very comfortable
2348	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great unit, lost this one but miss it a lot.......always worked well....later models don't work well at all....
7581	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this is exactly what I needed for my back pack, the material is perfect and strong. It may outlast the phone
The 510 feels like it's built to take some abuse which I think is a plus and yet it's lighter than I expected - to be honest. It's been around for a little while so I was afraid it might be a little heavy. I'm pleasantly surprised that it's very light. I mean the fit is so perfect, you could go running while wearing it or certainly work out in the gym without any worries.



I have a Gravity 2 and this cable works with my phone (or it did until a bear ate it or whatever).  It did everything it was supposed to, including charging the phone while it's plugged in. So if you have a USB adapter for your car or wall, you can use this cord as a charger as well. And it's practically free. Sweet!

portable chargers and the IMP52D is a great size to stick in your purse or


1276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I believe becuase of the boom it tends to "flap" around more so then the likes of say H500 hands free, but that only seems awkward when you have fast head movement, otherwise not a problem. Will not fall off, barely notice it is there, very comfortable, unlike the H605 I tried. The volume is not a problem, loud enough and callers can hear my whispers, I did crank the volume to full. Loud enough but I feel that the H605 I tried was louder, but that is a direct in ear ear piece, but that thing was very uncomforatable so this is a excelent balance of everything, plus a neat boom to flip open and answer, I can slip this on the ear very easy. I like.
3055	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a pretty solid case.  It's very stiff so it's almost a hard case, but is still flexible.  Should protect well if it gets dropped.

I've seen plenty of grey and black Jawbones (even one that was painted with shimmery pink nail polish), but have never seen another red one like mine. I get a lot of positive comments on both color and appearance.
The outdoor receiver can be set up in 3 different ways:
The only con I can think of is that I wish the charger would indicate how much the battery is charged.  I know it's written in the directions somewhere, but I'm pretty bad about keeping track of where I put that sort stuff.  Totally recommend this product for charging phones and ipods.

  Next, I tried my iPhone. It will bring an iPhone from nearly dead to full charge twice with one fully charged iTorch.


8800	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife can't leve home without it awesome
Cons:

MP3 player
BTW, I lost my holster one day and I sent an Email to Otterbox regarding purchasing just a holster.  A few days later, a wonderful lady named Jennifer in HR, shipped out a new one, free of charge.  Fantastic people.  I felt compelled to tell everyone.
The Verizon wireless sync made it pretty easy to set up my own "push server" without hassling with my internal IT group, but it does need to be rebooted every week or so or it will simply stop forwarding emails.
131	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Needed an additional home charger for my Samsung Galaxy S2 phone.  This charger is exactly like the charger I received with my telephone and works perfectly.
2215	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent
7293	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Wanted a simple phone for my dad to travel with but when I received this phone it had no sound no matter how high the volume settings were, it can only vibrate, and the battery life is beyond unsatisfactory, the moment charge is complete it took about 10-15 min. or less before it hit the red, it's complete garbage and a total waste of money, DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!
7744	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Poor quality for other person on the line to hear...happens with all calls..dont waste your money...spend more
I used to put the set in my pocket between calls.  Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.  I contacted the company and they indicates that this is because if the loop doesn't break, the headset itself would break instead.

The instructions suggest powering up the Weboost and watching the bars rise.  Starting with 1/2 bar, I plugged it in, looking forward to doing exactly that.  No rise.  The power adapter showed only a solid red light.  The instructions direct the user to the online manual for this issue.  After something of a fishing expedition, I found the manual, which says the red light means the unit has powered off due to oscillation and the fix is to move the antenna.
Browser- The browser is fast and easy to use... But for the upgraded version there is a cursor or arrow just like your computer so you can navigate around using the cursor.  i would give this 4 and 1/2 stars
the cord ends up a bit long but the button is easy to use. No one has complained about sound quality.

7. I agree you need a scissors or knife to open the clamshell packaging no biggie.


so far, they stick great, you may have to find a better glue or glue sheat, but the clips are sturdy and i feel better that i can just clip my phone to my shirt or purse and don't have to worry about losing it.
1096	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Looked in several local stores for a mono headset since my old one (after more than 8 years of service) finally became erratic.
I am going to give this to someone else who has much worse cell phone reception in their home than myself, and if they have better luck, I will update this review.
7821	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	satisfactory
4403	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It's convenient, but the charges are astronomical. Even if you only use it for a handful of minutes, you'd be better off purchasing a prepaid card in whatever country you have traveled to. Be warned, Mobal is a ripoff.


Final note, these do not come "packaged."  They arrive in your box inside of a plastic bag with the wall charger (probably the wrong type), the headphones, and the "manual".
- Speakerphone (press Menu button twice when on a call)
9856	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Preface : I paid $10 for this thing, shipped.  If I'd paid $30+, I'm not sure I'd be so forgiving of some of its shortcomings.
There are couple of black rubber rings to keep the wires and adjust the length of the earbud wires.  it is just a couple of flimsy rubber bands that could be broken in a week or two.  I hope that they had used something stronger plastic type rather than cheap & weak black rubber band.
Good thing I bought this device direct from a tiger. The store is nearby and they took it back without any hassle.
Here are the facts:
8101	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This Jabra Bluetooth set has exceeded my expectations after reading other reviews I was not sure if I should buy this. I took the plunge and just love it! The ear buds are nice they do block out the wind and background noises. Conversations are crystal clear and everyone I have talked to using this no one has complained about noise or anything they say our conversations are very clear. Music sounds wonderful I feel like I am right there with the band. One thing I did not know was why the right earpiece was much longer than the left, there was no indication in the manual as to why and after posting questions on the web asking if anyone know why I found out that the right earpiece wraps around behind the neck and into the ear. I just love this Bluetooth!


2147	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Near Perfect size. its just a bit bigger then my Phone in its Otterbox Defender case. enough room for  a stylus or cable.



*It has a really nice screen on the inside - it's large and the colors are decent
It did not come to me unlocked.

3537	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price, Great quality, and makes my husbands addiction (his phone games and cell) worth looking at from behind the phone. Ha!
On the upside, as soon as we got the green lights, ALL OF OUR CELL CONNECTIVITY problems disappeared immediately. Various family members have a few different phones, 4g, 3g's and a cheapo pay as you go emergency phone which I'm not sure about. The 4g  phone now has full bars everywhere in the house all the time. The ones I know to be 3g is pretty much the same.. it occasionally goes down by one bar, but it's still 3 bars and no calls have dropped. On the cheapo phone, there have been no connectivity problems and no drops.  It's also worth noting that since we got it installed, we've had some really harsh weather.  There's been cloud coverage that completely kills our XM stereos and our neighbors dish network yet we've had no problems at all. B/c of that, b/c it does what it's advertised to do and does it really well, I'm very pleased with it. We've been fighting connectivity issues for a few years now and had always heard too much negative stuff about boosters to really give them a try.  By now we heard enough good (including Amazon reviews) that I figured it was worth the risk and i'm very glad we go it.  My parents live on an island on the coast of SC with really horrendously bad coverage and we ordered them a unit which I'll post back about once it's installed. My guess though is that it'll help.
This device does not eliminate wires, but that's not the point of it.  It's designed to allow a phone user more flexible MUSIC use of their phone.  That job it does well.  I've only had it a couple days, but I'd gladly buy it again.

I have used these before in old phones, but they get 'lost' easily if I forget to remove them when changing batteries.  So this is good enough to 're-purchase', at least for me.

2805	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It looks like the original battery. And it has been working fine for 2 months with a 7 day charge. My dad still uses his razr and I bought this for him. I just wish my iPhone would last 7 days on one charge lol.

8189	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this because it was good price and its works as intended. Not much can be said, its a Bluetooth headset.
This is not a 3.0 USB hub, it's a 2.0. Many new devices will require you to have 3.0 now or in the near future. For instance, my new webcam hates being plugged into this hub as the performance greatly drops.
289	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	it definitely extends the life of my phone.  It was getting to the point that my battery was going dead 5 hours after I got up in the morning. I had to carry a spare battery or charge cable.  With this battery, it lasts from when I get up until I go to bed (and still sitting at 30 to 40%.  I am a heavy phone user whether it be surfing the net, listening to streaming music or playing games.  This battery definitely works.
When looking at the picture, on the left side, the bottom lowers and top button raises the volume. On the right side, the bottom button is play/pause. The top button forwards to the next song.
For the price (Sub-$40) this can't be beat. Just make sure you know what you are getting into before you buy it.
6656	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this Cell phone signal booster a couple of month back, and so far it is working great. It is compatible with older cell phones that work with 800 or 1900 mhz range. It did improve the signal inside my home that had dead spots for my cell phone. Make sure you get the right booster for your specific cell phone. Wilson Electronics also carries booster for the newer smart phones that run on 3G or 4G. Check your phone's manual or cell phone vendor for the frequency that your phone uses so you can get the right booster for your cell phone.
8265	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This was my first Otterbox Defender series case.  I read a lot of reviews about how tough these cases are and the awesome protection they provide your phone.  I saw a video on youtube where someone that had this case on the Curve threw the phone 50 feet into the air and let the phone fall to what looked like its demise.  The person grabbed the phone, and held it up to the camera... still 100% functional.  I was immediately sold.  I purchased this case and anxiously awaited its arrival.

7374	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Average for the price
Keyboard-  The keyboard on the phone is, as you know, a full qwerty keyboard, which helps alot and makes it very easy to message fast on.  The keys look very small but are indeed very easy to easy to use.  Also the trackball makes navigation very easy and fast. Also another thing I noticed is that if your a very fast texter like me,  the phone actually can keep up.  My old blackjack by samsung was to slow and I would be done with my message if it was long about 10 seconds after I was finished.  So I will happily give it 5 stars.
Update:  2.11.15
So far, after several weeks, I'm still very pleased.

4357	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great - sounds great... right out of the box.  Voice commands are not compatable with my phone, but no biggie.  I use the headphones  primarily for music.  Very satisfied for the price.
Lots of connectivity option

5565	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very nice thank you

9549	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Could barely use cell phone until we got this, now no more dropped calls or trying to run around house looking for a spot with a good signal.
3387	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Noticeable improvement on my Samsung 46" LCD. For the price well worth it. Shipping was on time. The wire is well constructed. For the price it exceeded my expectation. So go buy it!

6574	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works but just at a desktop distance. do not expect more that on this model.
As a result, I didn't have the highest of hopes for the Jabra SP5050 -- especially at its' price point -- but I needed something small that I could use in rental cars AND I didn't want to sacrifice quality.  What's the point of hands-free if, when you're at speed, there's too much noise in the system for the other party to hear you and you have to resort to using the handset?
3923	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a good product, but only if you remove the flow control - which takes quite a bit of effort and broken plastic. They should have made it removable. All in all though, it's well-designed and makes for a nice showering experience.
3292	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Need to use it for traveling in the car
sitting around anyway, so it's easier to just use what we've got.
198	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I guess I got what I paid for, at $2.49. It (the phone charger) arrived undamaged, but it does not work at all. I tried many different electrical outlets. Still, nothing. I'd give the product NO stars if that were an option. I was deluding myself, thinking that cheaper was just as good. However, a phone charger that's not functioning is worthless.

Comfort: Weight and flat wires are nice, with the "brains" of the unit being at the rear, it balances this device out a bit.
7579	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you have a Samsung Galaxy Note 2, S3 or S4, this is a phenomenal case.  It has the metal belt clip that slips on and off along with a belt loop that fits most running belts.  The case also has a neck strap loop!
5337	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Very flimsy product. The charger has been  replaced many times. Still get a junk one off here and they break sometimes as I take them out of the box. Very low quality.
5. Just a tiny blue understated light at the base of the headset


7481	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been true to Nokias ever since I started using mobiles and every time I get a new one I am pleasantly surprised. 5310 is no exception to this rule.

I will say that the 6263 has a very nice screen and a comfortable key layout.  If it weren't for the terrible voice quality and poor battery life, I would have given it at least four stars, maybe even five.

I actually like the headset now. No issues with voice or digit dialing.
First impressions when opening up the box was that it is smaller then what I expected.  It's over an inch shorter and over a 1/2 inch less wide then my iPhone 5.  It is a little bit thicker then the iPhone 5 with my Otterbox Defender case on it.  It's a very attractive unit.  Black of course with a chrome bezel around the front.  There's a single flush button on the front with four blue leds above it.  The flush button is nice as it prevent it from getting caught on something and accidently turned on.  There's a micro and regular usb ports on the top along with a laser pointer light and an led light.  The device can easily fit in a shirt or pand pocket and it rather light.  The unit appears very well built.  The package contained 2 usb cables.  One with a micro usb on one end and a regular usb on the other used for charging and android based phones.  The other is a Galaxy Tab charging cable. Also included were an instruction manual, and a nice drawstring pouch to keep it in.  The pouch is a nice addition to keep the attractive unit from getting banged up and scratched.  These devices are very simple to use and because I get excited with every new device I get in my hands started charging it right away.  I plugged the included micro usb into the IMP52D and the other into an Apple cube type usb/ac adapter.  The indicator lights show the charging progress with flashing and solid leds.  The solid led indicates the current level and the flashing one is the level it's working on.  Total initial charging time was 2.5 to 3 hours.  Note that the leftmost led only illuminates when the device it connected to (charging) another device.
Do these cables work? Yes. Are they worth every single dollar? For four bucks, you betcha.
8557	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This adapter / tip fits my Droid phone and all works well.  A listing of which adapter fits which phone would be helpful.
I have not made any phone calls yet.
6400	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	the case is very nice. The think the black doesnt go very well with the gray on the voyager and is bulky. But the case fit great and the item arrive in time. But is a nice case for the price.
273	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with thw product..


*Top notch voice quality
I can throw my phone into my travel bag and not worry.  I have dropped my phone twice since having this case, and I can't even find a mark where the case hit the ground.  OtterBox for the win!
The buttons are raised up just a bit. The display is bright and vibrant. If you have T-Mobile service with this phone, you'll find it can handle the My Favorites plan just fine, with nice little icons and customizable options fo each person.
5230	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's a good stock but the problem when I put the cable in the iphone.

If I could change something, I'd alter the styling a bit. Other than that, It works great. I'd buy this again tomorrow if I lost mine.

- Previous track/next track control is combined with volume+/volume- button and requires a long press on those keys. Skipping tracks takes 3 seconds, that's way too much.

3385	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I didn't realize the difference between 480i and 480p prior to using these cables. The colors appear brighter, graphics are more crisp. The general "blur" of Wii games is taken away, albiet is replaced with "jaggies" though. Overall, I would say that these cables are well worth the asking price. They make playing the Wii a much more enjoyable experience.

-it's easier to just plug in this wired headset at any time than fool around with the settings for syncing with the Bluetooth when you want to be on headset.
Cons:
I will also note that my brief experience with Tech Support (a previously used unit purchased from Amazon turned out to be quite DoA) as well as Sales to better decide on a new unit were quite helpful.

1100	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product; it just works and you can't beat the price!
3621	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am comparing this "case" to the Case-mate "case" for my Galaxy Note II. I say "case" with quotes,  because it really is more of a sleeve.  The Case-mate sleeve is outstanding. So compared to that, I give this sleeve 4 stars.
(*) DO NOT use the Driver CD that comes with the product
IMP52D is a great back-up power source for my IPhone. I also need the short USB lighting cable but it is no problem. Great design, integrated flashlight and laser pointer big pluses.
2804	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was anxious about buying a battery sight unseen.  I chose this battery based on its matching the dead one & customer feedback for BTO. I placed the order late on a Friday night; it was in my mailbox Thursday morning. The product arrived the first day of estimated arrival; so relieved!  Easy installation; took around an hour to charge the battery initially, and I've got my phone back and all the power I need! So happy I don't have to replace the entire phone.  I highly recommend this product!

3449	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The TPU material, silicone sides, and "dimpled" texture on the back give this case a good amount of grip to your device while on.  And this is accomplished with only a small increase in thickness.  All the holes line up perfectly, allowing you to charge or plug in headphones while the case is on.  I have 4 cases for my tablet, and this is my favorite overall.  It's been on my device for about 6 months and will probably stay there until the device dies.  Good job.  I really wish this type of case was available for my phone.
2174	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with this case cover.  it works beautifully and it is exactly as I expected it to be and it works wonderfully.  I give this case cover a five star rating.

never falls off my ear


3926	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	'buff said.. Nobody ever does NOT comment on my shower when they use it! They want one! I went through the myriad of shower heads and most stunk. I got this one since it claims it increases pressure and my last home had lousy pressure and my old brand name shower head just didn't do the trick. It made that shower very very good.. Once i moved to a home with normal pressure, OMG, it has been like showering in a rain forest.. You just look forward to turning it on!!!! Love the little nozzles that you just push on if they ever get clogged and voila..

937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love how these buds work without getting in my way or making me look like a space traveler.
6965	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good

5682	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like this simple little device.  It simplifies the charging of my Blackberry Pearl 8100.  Some have mentioned the rather bright pilot light, but I find that it reminds me to put my phone in the charger before heading for bed at night.  I use the charger in my office, so the light is no problem.  Another feature is that the unit is small enough to pack and carry with me when I travel.  The quality if excellent.
-Battery not replaceable and the life is less than BB
8952	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I utilize my phone for email, document review, and wifi hot-spot almost all day for work.  Without this mini battery pack I would be demobilized by lunch time and tethered to a desk for power.  I have used the battery pack to keep both my HTC phone and my co workers Iphone 5 powered over 2 days.  He was so surprised at the capacity that he ordered one after the first day.
- Great signal strength
Yes, great sound!  Wow, a Cell/PDA that actually works as a great Phone.  Unbelievable!
3822	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product for the Blackberry Pearl. Provides extra protection for the occasional mishandling and fumbling of device. Fits snugly and stylishly blends well with the Pearl. I recommend it if you own a Blackberry Pearl.
*The camera's resolution is pitiful
It is also very good at picking up high voltage lines. One house I looked at had a very powerful regional distribution line running under the street -- the line was so strong that it pinned the needle past the highest tick mark!
4209	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I tried several Bluetooth-style headsets, but this was the only one that could actually - and very effectively - remove background noise.  That attribute is easily switched off, if you prefer, too - particularly good for demonstrating to the caller how well that feature works!  Great quality device.
But these are minor, nitpicking complaints. Overall, I would recommend this to anyone who wants a small, lightweight, comfortable, noise-reducing headset.

I've been using this almost daily. At the locations I travel to often times I can not find a power outlet and nor do I have time to sit around and wait for a phone to charge 5% at each corner. My iPhone 5 gets heavy usage on the go and with LTE, it naturally burns through the battery and I'm usually phone-less by the end of the day. That changed after buying the iTorch. Very happy with my purchase and the price point is truly reasonable considering how much of a headache it can be to not have a phone when you need it most.
3. Very low price (bought mine for US$197) for a business class phone.
5814	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good this service and the product
One nice touch they did was install a couple of green led's inside the enclosure so at night the 12V sockets are ever so slightly illuminated inside to make it easier to insert the plugs.  It's a nice little touch and make it easier to use at night or in the dark.

6361	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for an affordable case and this certainly fit the bill.  I wanted clip and loops on the back so I could normally just clip to a belt, but when I was going to be in a crowded area or international trip I could have the added safety of the loops.  I've had friends whose cell phones were stolen in airports by clever thieves who can slip a clipped case right off a belt.
8168	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Recieved the product in a timley manner and it works exactly as one would expect. Not much more needs to be said . It meets all expectations.

I would have given this phone five stars if the sound quality was better.

5906	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Can't live without it!  Each new IOS update brings a new set of battery drain issues.  I keep this in my bag so I can charge up as needed.

7447	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Not what I expected from a Motorola product.  I found that in buying bluetooths online, Amazon, ebay, etc., that the quality is not there when it is not in retail packaging.  I stopped buying "new" bluetooths that arrive in plastic baggies on ebay for this reason.  This bluetooth was a bargain, but not worth the savings.  It does not hold a charge, disconnects from my Razr phone for no reason, and does not have good range.  I've had a couple of bluetooths before, and have only have problems with the ones that came in bulk packaging.  Makes me wonder if they're refurbished or something.  Anyway, Amazon has a nice Plantronics selection...retail packaging ofcourse!

5683	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this little accessory, wish I knew about it several years ago (when I first got the BB Pearl).  If you are like me and love the lastest accessory you will love this for your BlackBerry.
I ended up buying a noname made in China charger for less than half the price, it has a screw on battery cover and a red LED rather than these super bright blinking blue ones.  And of course, it accepted rechargables with no modifications.
5150	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, very good quality. At an affordable price. 100% recommend the product, is all that is expected, it meets my expectations. Thank you very much.

PASS
The item works exactly like this right out of the box.
3526	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great case, durable and color is exactly what you see. No worries if you purchase this case.

5707	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	was unable to  have the  parts stick correctly  on the phone backing. I got worried it would  fall off and lose or damage my phone

3295	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great charger!

9900	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I hate scratching,dropping, or in any way damaging a new phone! This product is straight from the God's and CHEAP!! Best money I've ever spent to protect my phone.
8558	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been an iGo user for many years. I love how one can use the chargers with any device, only changing the tips.

928	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Amazing Earphones. The audio quality is really good for Bluetooth earphones. The ear-buds fit perfectly. Tried Bluetooth Earphones from different companies, had issues with either the fit or audio/video sync. This one is perfect both for Music and Videos. It has a built in Mic but have not tested it. Good battery life. Lasted almost 8 hours.

Compared to the wired earpieces, this bluetooth earpiece has the freedom of no wires and automatically connects to your phone when you unfold it (no physical connection necessary).  Its two main drawbacks include 1) it has a battery that must be charged, and 2) when using this earpiece in public places, some people may think that you are talking to yourself, or worse yet, these people may answer back to you thinking that you are talking to them when, in fact, you are talking to the person at the other end of the phone via this inconspicuous earpiece.

6315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I think this is the easiest ear piece and most comfortable to use. Clear reception. I've tried so many that have to fit in your ear and they just don't feel right. This one sits on top of your ear and you can hear everything. People can hear me clearly too.
Second, they claim that this will reduce dropped calls... HALF A LIE

Charges fine but drops me every time when I go to sync.



I would say if you're on the fence, do it.

102	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good price.
6274	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works great and fast to recharge.  Still has batter life after charging the Iphone which sucks for battery life.

- misleading battery life
Detractors:

9750	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great item. I am very happy with this purchase.
I didn't use it for a while and the rings you use to tighten the arms got stuck on. I used pliers to try and loosen them so I could adjust the arms, and ended up breaking the fragile plastic instead.
The music sounds great.  And I have used it for phone calls too, with no complaints.
Cons
-Confusing menu system for browsing pics

If you can follow directions and tend to be "handy" you can install this yourself without a problem (took me about 20 minutes to to everything) it does call to ideally be mounted as high up as you can get it, so it may help to have a ladder or access to someone with a ladder if needed.
1086	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Very cheap
4704	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Not a great phone bag but not too bad either. The material is soft and thick enough to add protection to your phone while in a bag, luggage or purse. Unlike some other reviewers I did receive the correct color (dark blue). It barely fits my Samsung ATIV S which measures 130.2 x 70.5 x 8.7.  The cord on top doesn't close all the way but it still hold the phone in securely.

8499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	To get right down to the point:
PROS:
3218	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is for very specific phones, and not the iPhone.  My 4S fits terribly in there.  Wish I hadn't bought.

If your traveling and looking for a universal plug adapter this is a good one.
4014	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	First off, you will find yourself having to buy a new case every two months as the Velcro closure simply wears out. Other than that, This is a rugged case and has held up very well and I am rough on my Stuff, I recommend!
9155	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this for well over a year now, and it works great.  It is a little cumbersome to use at times, but the amount of charge it delivers has allowed me to recharge my phone three to four times before even putting a dent in the capacity of the New Trent external battery.
8599	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	doesn't stay in one position
My favorite features:
CONS.  I hate the flashing blue "running lite" which makes the user subject to looking like a major "dork".  I can actually use the lite to see my way around my house in total darkness.  I intend to put a small sleve over the light to silence it forever when I am wearing it.  The battery power is so good that when freshly charged, it always outlasts my phone, so a flashing blue light to tell the user that the unit has power is pretty lame.  Much better would be to iluminate the light whenever any button was depressed.
9311	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent screen protector
3086	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had a RAZR before this, so its a huge improvement. The screen is very vibrant and I love having a full keyboard. I read the online manual from samsung and very quickly learned how to use most of the phone features.
-CAN use mp3s as ringtones (must be under 600KB)
312	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Delivery was fast and efficient. Package was in perfect condition and contents were complete and as promised. As to the battery itself, it certainly has a much higher capacity than the standard battery. It lasts at least twice as long with no changes in useage. It performs as advertised. I would highly recomend PowerBear!
5818	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	muy bueno todo ,envio rapido  buen precio buena cualidad recibido mas o menos en el tiempo previsto
Pros:
6386	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Body glove works the best.  Hands down.  Drop the phone..... Body glove takes the beating and your phone survives the drop.  Lasts about two years and then I've had to replace them due to normal wear and tear.  All in all they just work.  I work hard and so does body glove....  Thanks body glove for making a great product we can count on.  Not plastic that only lasts a month and then ya throw it away.
- Lasts a long time. Can easily keep my iPhone 5 juiced up when traveling

8812	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second New Trent external battery, and they just keep getting better. This one is compact, charges devices quickly, and has the added features of including a flashlight and laser light (red). Until cell phone manufacturers finally make phones with good battery life again, I'll be a dedicated New Trent fan. Their products are truly unrivaled.
Blackberry Pearl 8130 Desktop Charger comes with an AC adaptor, a docking cradle and an USB data cable. It allows you charge your cell phone on the cradle with the USB data cable, and charge the extra battery with the AC adaptor. The USB data cable can sync info between your PC and your Blackberry cell phone as well. 3 functions in 1
4117	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was worried at first making the the purchase because this bluetooth has nothing to hold onto like around the ear but it fits into the ear perfectly and there's different size pieces so you don't have to be concerned about it not fitting. Its so small and perfect. Shipping was really fast too. Thanks
 Pouch could be a little larger to fit cables and device into it.


8712	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product saved me from having to purchase a new phone years ago. I'd still recommend it today!


2116	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best phone I ever owned.  Reception is very good, battery life is good, ring is audible, and quality of voice is very good.  Mine already came with ear phone, USB cable, leather case and 256MB memory card.  There are a few things that are not so good: - Need to clean cover frequently (it gets easily smudged); - MP3 sound is not perfect (well this is a phone not a MP3 player); - Once when I switched the GSM card it reverted to Kanji characters and I had a hard time to find the English option ;)

- Works with any bluetooth headset.
-The 3.5mm audio out cable is about 8 inches long and is just the right length for my car. A long extension cable is included.
9320	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased these screen protectors for all my cameras. Over the years, several have been sacrificed while preserving the screens of my cameras. While I am not hard on my cameras, primarily shooting sports, they do get banged around a bit, as well as being shoved into and pulled out of the bag. I keep a supply of these protectors on hand, just in case. It only takes a few minutes to install them, they are crystal clear and protect like a steel shield. When one does crack or break, they are easy to remove cleanly, with no gummy residue on the screens. I cannot say enough about how well these screen protectors work.
1063	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good value in being able to measure magnetic fields, electrical fields, and radio fields.  I used it to measure electrical fields in our new place.  Took it to a lamp store to find lamps with lower electrical fields.  Most modern lamps are fine...if you're in the next room.  Awful lot of electrical energy from lights.  This meter showed me how quickly the fields drop off, so I can estimate how far we have to be from the lamp to be within safe limits.  Meter is not particularly biased as to field direction, so it's easy to detect any field.
5387	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Standard LX5400 vehicle charger was priced much lower than any other on-line or brick/mortar store, even with shipping added, and arrived promptly.
6014	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this is the fourth different brand chrager I have purchased for my iPhone/ipad.  it is the best one yet.  powerful easy to carry & very effective.  I would purchase this company's products again
1. A post-Cingular, now new AT&T Sim card
9853	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product works exactly as advertised. In fact, based on what I had read in the other reviews I would actually say that it works better than advertised. The suction cup works so well that the only thing I can figure is that the person that had problems with it did not understand how it worked. It is not the standard type of suction cup where you simply press it against the windshield and hope it holds. This suction cup works by placing it against the windshield and then turning the knob counterclockwise in order to pull the center portion away from the windshield. As it does this it creates a vacuum seal that so tight that you are more likely to dislodge the windshield than you are to remove this device from it.
1148	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Besides all the good everyone else has said abut this hub, I would like to also point out it is one of the FEW hubs that has a power adapter big enough (3.6A) to supply 500ma to each device. Most other hubs I have tried in this class include a puny 2-2.5a power supply. And yes it works with Linux.
5559	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	DO NOT BUY this crap. They say it's waterproof, but it's not. Mine dropped in salt water, for not even 2 secs, and started corroding and stopped working.$40 down the drain.
8802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	aaaaa
1783	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The RAZR isn't the white-hot pay-through-the-nose product that it once was, and other ultra-thin phones have come out since, but the titanium casing is still the standard for fashion, and the black is just timeless.  Add to that the price of a big fat $0 with a Cingular contract when you order through Wirefly, and what's not to like?
1754	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Delivered as promised.


Only caveat is that the USB adapter won't work with my phone USB cable to charge.
Overall, the good outweighs the bad(for me). Before you buy this phone, I'd seriously look into understanding Windows Mobile first. This phone has a lot of bells and whistles, but is probably difficult to work for the average cell phone user. I really wanted the AT&T Tilt which has better features (and cost less) than this phone(also HTC), but in terms of cellular service.... Verizon has been *a lot* more reliable for me(Northeast). I guess you can't have it all.....

5310 offers everything I expect from a Nokia - sleek design (slim and fairly light), nice colours (nothing too flashy), sturdy materials and easy to operate software.
one up for my wife who always lets her phone die!
The power button is fidly (is it a rocker switch? Or a button?), and I'm still getting used to the volume rocker. I'm just happy it *has* a volume rocker, and not some ridiculous one-way-volume adjustment button. The call button is very easy to reach and press.
366	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT LOVE IT
5310 offers everything I expect from a Nokia - sleek design (slim and fairly light), nice colours (nothing too flashy), sturdy materials and easy to operate software.
Cons:
7604	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Not a great phone bag but not too bad either. The material is soft and thick enough to add protection to your phone while in a bag, luggage or purse. Unlike some other reviewers I did receive the correct color (dark blue). It barely fits my Samsung ATIV S which measures 130.2 x 70.5 x 8.7.  The cord on top doesn't close all the way but it still hold the phone in securely.
1608	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	UPDATE January 2009/ My Voyager 510 seems to be unbreakable - after about three years of constant use and abuse, this headset survived the ultimate challenge - full washer and dryer cycle in my shirt pocket!  My wife found it after the fact when she was folding dry clothes.  It had both red and blue LED on and we thought it died.  Next day after the lights disappeared, I tried charging it and it was showing the flashing blue light like it was connected but it wouldn't react to anything or show any signs of life.  Not knowing it was in a "coma" and thinking it was dead, I bought the new Discovery 925 set.  Two weeks later, after returning from vacation I was ready to throw away the good old "mule", but I tried it one more time just for the heck of it, because of my great experience and confidence in Plantronics products. Before charging it I sprayed a little bit of WD-40 on the power/mute, volume and call buttons, jiggled them a bit, wiped it off and charged it again.  This time everything worked and I was able to pair it with my phone and a week later, this old faithful, one-in-a-thousand Plantronics headset still works as good as new, and it seems it might give me a few more years of service.  Amazing! /UPDATE


5. Speakers sucks it will stop working on you.
Simple design and set-up.  Relatively clear instructions.  Dual-band covered both of Verizon's networks.

8963	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This small battery backup charger easily fits into the palm of my hand and is not bulky in my pocket. The itorch charged my iphone in what seemed like record time.

3119	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product....it does what it says it does,....  can be used on a whole bunch of gadgets since you only cut and apply..
8276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this is a great box for the blackberry curve i work in a powerplant enviorment and needed something to help with dirt and an occasional short drop the otter box lives up to its Defender name. The only draw back is it does add a little bulk to the phone but thats a good trade off for the protection you recieve.
3mpx cam with auto-focus and xenon flash
9252	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I tried 2 do a video review but unfortunately my video was in a format Amazon doesnt accept. This is a really great device but its not without its flaws. The Palm's name has been kicked around in the dirt for so many years and with every new Palm Treo that's been released theres good reason why. The Palm Centro is the GSM version of the Palm Centro for Sprint which debuted holiday 2008. It does have a touch screen on it and the call volume quality is really good as well. Its also a quad band world phone so you get 2 use it over seas in international waters. The only problem is PALM really hasn't updated its software at all and this is where all the negative press comes from. When you get 2 the main menu screen its the generic same old icons that was on the Palm PDAs back in the 90's and it hasn't changed at all. Its also the exact same menu icons on all the Palm Treos that have every been released in the cellular world. You cant customize the menu screen either so your stuck with it. What You can do is add a wall paper to the phone calling screen which is nice. The Palm Centro is pretty much a better priced version of their Treo's. The Treo's are heavily over priced and practically unaffordable. Aside from the outdated menu i still found the UI to be ok. If it aint broke don't fix it so kudos to Palm for sticking 2 their guns. Unlike Verizon who shoves their DUMB UI on every cell phone they produce. Overall its a nice phone for 49.99 at Best Buy, do not get this at the AT&T store because its 200.00 plus tax with a decent rebate but with tax and all it feels like a waste as your already shelling out over 200.00 to begin with. There was no rebate at Best Buy at all just the base price. You get 2 sync your email accounts 2 the device, IM , text, and picture message. You get all the perks that are currently on all smart phones that are out right now. The down fall besides the somewhat same old software is the lack of 3G speeds when using the internet. Data plans on AT&T are not cheap, they cost 30.00 and you only get EDGE speeds on the Palm Centro which is annoying, theres no 3G to be found on this device which i found 2 be really ODD! AT&T data plans don't include text message even though they just recently revised the data plan it still isn't unlimited use in certain aspects like IM and text. Overall im pleased with my purchase except 4 its minor flaws. I've also posted pictures on so you can check those out 2. Enjoy =)

6736	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	they work, not sure how long they will last though

3563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	tom tom sucks, Magellan maps are horrible, Nuvi is the only way to go.  For $150 at other sites or used, its cheap, works amazingly well and doesn't get you lost.  LOVE IT!  7 million POI = great food and attractions in any city.
the lenses is still in perfect condition, but the glue is not nearly as robust as the screens are. I would purchase this item again, but only if I were ordering some thing else as amazing-zon will still charge me $4 freight for their revenue stream.

Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!
Conclusion:

650 be prepare an external keyboard if you have to input lots of numbers

784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works.
I did still put it on my screen even though it doesn't fit (too big) and amazingly it still didn't fall off and looks very transparent and it's very protecting. If this fit my phone it would've been the best product ever because the quality of this thing is very good.
the audio player can play streaming 3gp and realaudio (still used by BBC), and it works well with T-Mobile internet; it can play local mp3 (VBR supported), wma, asf audio (rename the extension to .wma), realaudio; but I wish it supports ogg vorbis, which is the audio format I use
Battery life is a 10 out of 10.  I charge the headset every day but I often talk 5-6 hours in one day without recharging.  Just amazing!  They claim 10 hours (which it may actually achieve) but I'm amazed it can actually make it past 5 hours.
Probably my biggest complaint is that although numbers are logged and there's a callback feature, it's worthless because you have to dial a 1 before the number. I plan to dig into the manual to see if there's some way around this but I haven't found it on any of the phone's menu. When adding a number manually to memory, you can add the 1 but not for numbers taken from the caller log.
- The "organizer" features aren't great
574	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love the wrist band.
This does not come with a wall charger though, just 2 USB cables and a carry bag.
Let me know if you have any questions, I'm happy to help.  I know I was super skeptical about the purchase given the horrible reviews, but I also noticed they were from 2008.  The purchase was the best investment for my sanity, and it will be for yours too.  I promise!

Speakerphone is loud with good quality, and camera just average.
It does add bulk to the phone, as expected, but the snap on back case gives it a nice smooth feel and look, still. With the battery capacity being already nearly 3x more than a NEW original S5 battery, it feels hardly thicker and it's a great trade-off. It's not the thinnest, obviously, but I'm really surprised it feels nice and not as bulky as I imagined.
9775	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Happy with the quality- received geniune Energizer brand
Angel Clark.
Some of you probably want to know about how it charges.  I use mine quite a bit for both personal and business, and it isn't rare for me to wear out the charge before the day is out.  I've only managed to drain my Jawbone twice, and it charges so quickly that I was able to use it again within an hour or so.  It comes with a cable that can charge through an electrical outlet or a USB port on a PC.  It does not have a car charger, but since I have a power inverter for my car, I can simply use it to charge it while driving should the need arise, so this isn't a deal breaker for me.
If the battery pack were on and you perform a 3 Second Hold Click, the battery pack will stay on and the LED light will come on - if you attempt to do a 3 Second Hold Click, the battery pack and the LED light will both shut off after 2 seconds -

I am currently using a plantronics 655 Bluetooth headset. Call quality is excellent and much better than the 8600.
3841	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Samsung Convoy didn't fit. Good quality case if you have a very small flip

3308	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent!
7088	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's almost the same as the original battery.
Samsung Galaxy S3 - The iTorch fully charged my S3 from 7% to 100% in 2.5 hours... I was very happy with these results!
3757	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great, handy little gadget.
So I came back to Amazon to check out customer reviews on other BT ear buds.
The Charger itself is small enough to fit in your hand, has a black matte finish with a chrome band circling it in the front.  It has a red laser and flashlight which I didn't notice when I ordered it.  Nice surprise.  It even comes in a black velour-like pouch for easy travel.
Also, make sure this is the right cover for your Pearl.  The older models have a different camera orientation (vertical instead of horizontal).
I have a Samsung D900 cell phone and the proprietary wired headset is not comfortable, so I went looking for yet another Bluetooth headset.  I have always been partial to the Sony Ericsson brand, the build quality is high and the way the charger connects (it's the little things) is firm and secure.
6957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great holder for music or GPS modes. Landscape position works perfectly viewing all Buttons are easily accessed, with the speaker uncovered, you can hear phone calls clearly.
Disagree with other reviews that the buttons are flimsy. It actually seems like a pretty sturdy device to me. I've only had it for about a week though, so I didn't officially rate its durability.
- none really...maybe since it doesn't come with a charging cord for Apple products, it would be nice to offer one especially since its called "iTorch"

6082	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Initial impression on the battery charger (IMP52D, iTorch external battery): The plastic casing is thick and sturdy. It seems pretty solid and well crafted. I found the manual useful. It was also helpful to have the extra cord and case. I was able to get three full charges for my Sansa Fuze mp3 player before I had to recharge the battery. I used my new Trent wall charger to charge the battery and all worked well (nothing felt warm). A side note, you could label the ports on the wall charger.
The only necessary talent is to observe where signal is strongest after consulting a map for transmission towers.
low earpiece and speakerphone level (though firmware upgrade will fix)

Milton

This device is very lightweight. It is the first and only bluetooth headset I can comfortably wear without an ear hook. I've tried probably 3-4 others, and they would NOT stay in my ear securely enough for me to wear them without a hook. This one fits snuggly and secure, and I have NO fear it will fall out!
- WM6 a little slow
577	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Returning. This thing is to small, not even close. Crap I was excited about this band.
1767	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Jabra is light weight and comfortable behind the ear. It sit in the ear canal comfortably. The cons are no shut off button and when in blue tooth mode and paired you must answer the phone through your ear piece.


So far so good, and many more hundreds of uses to come!
4327	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this because of Ice Road Truckers show. That it was awesome how they could grab the mike and use it then let it go. Might sound silly but when your driving and trying to use you mike it makes life so much easier. Before i would have to lay it in a cup holder far away from me. Now it is easy to see and grab. I love it and it it ever breaks I will buy another one. All I did was clip it to my visor so no holes needed. The quick detach link is nice when i have some in the passenger seat and i'm not using the radio.

Great design
2988	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just bought the Motorola KRZRZ K1 phone from China ,I was a bit leary ,but this phone is hard to get at a reasonable price. The phone arrived and right away the 7 key would stick and when I hit it again I would get two 7's. This cleared up and the 6 started to do the same thing .Then all of a sudden everything was fine. I gravitated from the Motorola v3 which I wasn't crazy about ,could never see the keys in daylight .The Krzrz K1 is such an improvement ,much better voice ,beautiful blue color ,very easy to navigate ,but best of all the battery lasts a full 5 days on standby .It has always bothered me that phone manufacturers promise 10-12 days and you only get 2 days when they're new .Nokia is the worst offender.


if you've spent a lot on components and plan to use earphone's with a mic a lot, get a better product than this.


However, I am still looking for the built-in WiFi, and the bluetooth does not take voice command; reboot is not as easy as Treo 600. I do not notice the boot up being slow because I rarely have to. However, I did notice that it takes up more internal memory and thus make the available ram less than 10MB the first time I turned it on. (Palm is doing a flash upgrade to fix this, so I heard.) With an SD card, I put a bunch of application on it to get around this until it get fixed. And I was able to have about 18MB available internally.
* The iPhone is only available with a 2-year contract from AT&T; the N95 is only available SIM-free (unlocked).

Comfort: B+, it's lightweight, but the ear clip pinches a bit. (The old HS850 was actually a bit more comfortable.) Stablity of fit is very good but not perfect.

We recently took a several day road trip in a new vehicle that didn't have navigation.  First time we used the iPhone maps program, which after a while, noticed it was draining the iPhone battery at a faster rate than our ETA to our destination.  I plugged this unit into the phone, arriving a few hours later at our destination with a fully charged battery.  On this particular leg of our trip, we charged 3 iPhones on the one charge, with more to spare.  Totally pleased with the product, considering buying more for the wife and kids as they occasionally could use a spare charge.
Aesthetically, the SP5050 is sleek and pleasing to look at and hold in the hand. Operationally, the unit is simple and has worked flawlessly with my iPhone and MacBook Pro.
Pros:
+Standard USB outlet ensures compatability with most devices you already own.
Now the true test, and see if this little booster could deliver signal in the RV.  I plugged it in, wired the antenna to a high spot on the roof.  Low and behold, I had 1 Bar of signal.  Tried to make a call, no dice.  I tried moving the antenna and was able to find a better spot on the roof that gave my phone a much better signal 2-3 bars 4G at -98dB.  Now that is pretty good! Then power-cycled cell off/on (Airplane mode on/off)  I saw LTE pop up at -107dB.  Took my phone out of the weBoost cradle and immediately dropped to 1 bar -119dB, then NO SERVICE.  Back in cradle, and like magic, got a signal.  I tried calls, data, etc.  everything worked flawless.  This booster worked beyond what I expected or hoped for.  For the first time in years, I can relax on a remote camping vacation knowing I can take care of work related issues if they arise.  I then tried tethering other devices to smartphone and we all had respectable data coverage, enough to actually stream video at night.
55	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love this case. I have plenty of cases but this is 1 of my favs.. I kept this case on longer than any case I have. Sum of the stones fall off but they give u extra. Once I ran out of extras I changed da case.... Lol
I love the fit too - I think it's the best I've tried on. I also have the Scala 700x which is about as light you could imagine in a headset. But, it's almost a little too light (and fragile). Honestly, I like them both but need to have a backup. Now that I think of it, I believe my wife just inherited a Scala 700x.
Overall, I am very pleased with this device. I did notice that there is a perceptible signal delay of between a quarter- and a half-second introduced by the Bluetooth connection (not sure which of the two devices accounts for the lion's share of this delay). Although the delay was initially annoying (almost like watching a foreign-language channel dubbed in English), I became unaware of it after a few minutes. I suspect that any pair of Bluetooth devices would introduce a perceptible signal delay due to the nature of the technology (i.e., there's lots of digital signal processing involved), so I don't think it would be fair to reduce my rating on the basis of this shortcoming. The only meaningful limitation I have come across so far is that the device does not operate while it is charging (hence four stars instead of five). This may prove to be a non-issue for me if the advertised battery life (7 to 8 hours of actual use) turns out to be accurate. I'll update this review if I find that the battery life falls short of Jabra's claims.

Other than lack of timer I don't have any issues. Construction is solid
Bluetooth
9542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product worked great in my dads's apartment. My parents live in a brick build where cell service is bad no matter what the carrier. Outside the building the signal is strong for most carriers but inside terrible. I usually get 1 bar to no bars with numerous drop calls on ATT.  Now I get three bars and no drop calls. I use the suction cups on the window to hold the device and it was enough to improve the signal. Setup was not that difficult and the instructions are clear. Now mind you one must have a good signal outside first as the device just boost the signal inside. If you have no signal outside this product won't help you inside. Im glad I purchased it.
5901	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works well and charges pretty fast. I can get a couple charges on my phone before it dies.
So far he loves them. They stay in his ears, the music sounds great, he hardly hears the background noise, calls sound good on both ends, and there is no cord to fight with. They fit around his neck loosely (he is 5'11 and 190lbs).  I am very pleased with my gift choice.

1556	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	plantronics makes the best bluetoother headsets. but like most, background noise made most unusable for me. this, and the jawbone are the only bluetooth headsets i've used that acutally block bg noise. and i have owned several different kinds. however, the volume on the 510 is much louder than the jawbone, and thus makes it a better headset in my opinion. i use it in my car and no one knows i'm driving.

MY RATING:  The New Trent iTorch IMP52D does a great job, I give it a 5.
Others complained that the unit wouldn't charge up fully.  I find that it will charge fine if you fully cycle it.  I don't recharge it when it's only partly discharged.  It has 4 status lights and I wait until only one light is showing to recharge it.  The unit will turn itself off after 30 seconds of no load, or you can turn it off manually after checking the status.  I have not tried to both charge it and use it at the same time, which some dongle-type external batteries encourage you to do, but it would be an awkward mess to have both cords attached.  This is definitely for your pocket, not for holding or attaching to your phone.
So I got the T68i and I am finally enjoying true cordless freedom.
5. Has neat music tunes (polyphone MIDIs) that you can ONLY send

If you want a bluetooth device that is for phone conversations, get an over-the-ear piece.  If you want to listen to music and have the flexibilty to swap out your headphones, get this device.
Also -- just for background -- I've been through a number of hands-free devices over the years. I've bought and used 4 different Bluetooth headsets with varying degrees of success; some work, some don't. I've had 1 or 2 decent headsets, but don't like wearing them and often forget them. They've also been -- in my experience -- a little problematic to operate; some don't work with all phones, for example, and often you have to repeat pairing on a weekly basis to keep the device working with your phone. Some have poor battery life. Some have numerous accessories -- like charging stands and power supplies -- that make them really not that small or self-contained. Then there's the fit issue; some of the ones that clip over your ear are uncomfortable, while some of the ones that use an earbud to fit into your ear are too loose -- you get the picture...
200	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Has held up well as it gets used by teens,mom and dad. Charge rate is acceptable .




Overall, the best buy in a basic flip cell phone. A steal at $40 - $50.
4949	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For no apparent reason, case manufacturers (for intstance, Otter and Cygnett for the S4) make the holes for headphones far too small, even though some third party  headphones, particularly the earbuds, have thicker heads holding the plugs. They can't fit into the now-recessed port. The only solutions--a different case (no easy task, especially if you have your heart set on a particular one); new, pricey headphones;  alteration of the case if you dare...or, best of all, THIS. It is an inexpensive solution. It is a standard plug with a female outlet for your headphone plug and a standard headphone plug to fit into the typically small case opening. It's a shame it tends to be advertised for iPhone, as the problem is similar for these cases with many Android phones. Hope you found it!
6243	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is a life saver. For those times when the smartphone just will not last an entire day, this product helps me out.  I like how the cable that chargers your phone also serves as the cable that chargers this spare battery.  That is a nice touch that keeps me from having to carry too many cords.  This device is about the same size as a smartphone but has the thickness of a deck of cards. I find though that I can easily put this battery and my smartphone easily into my coat or suit jacket pocket without issue to allow the phone to charge.  The indicator lights on the battery seem accurate, both to display the charging status of the spare batter itself and the discharge rate when it is charging my phone. My only wish for this product is that it would supply 1A instead of 600mA, in order to charge the smartphone faster.  Overall, this is a great product.

2175	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Don't know why I waited years to be able to mess around with my collection of old Motorola RAZR (and similar) phones (some of which are still useful as emergency, backup, or international travel phones).  This lets you pull off all those old text messages, contacts, and such.  Installed it on Win/XP and it took a little bit of fooling around to get the device drivers to talk to the phones, but this makes cleaning up the old phones easy (especially if you want to sell them or give them away without all of your personal data on them -- yet saving it).  Arrived promptly and price couldn't be beat (compared to what it used to cost!).

music player w/ regular headphone jack, opposed to one strictly for cell phones
8022	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	to receive and open it seems of good quality wine in a box well protected. The number of stars not complete because I have not completely exceeds my expectations
There is no functionality loss from the case. It is designed well and I can access all the buttons of the phone. The clear plastic inner case is form fitted to the keyboard and has a hole where the trackball fits through.
5754	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Too bulky & feels plastic like, not rubbery. Not worth it, the phone is a POS as well. Waste of money.


So, I decided on the iTorch Charger with LED Light and Laser Pointer and placed my order.  I placed my order late at night and listed two addresses on the order form...one for my home and a different one for shipping.  I received a call the next morning from New Trent wanting to double check and make sure of the shipping address.  REALLY?  That is customer service - - - a proactive approach to handle customers...wow, now that impressed me.  In three business days, my new package arrived and I tore right into it.
I didn't like the feature that it would not shut off itself after having unplugged it from my Iphone.  I have to manually remember to shut it down, although it probably uses extremely low power when on but not charging anything.

7786	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased two of these Blue Tooth devices, one for my wife and one for me, both of which are used on Motorola W755 cell phones.
I really like the appearance of the unit. It's distinctive; clean lines, no visible buttons. It just LOOKS easy to use.
545	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	have tried several phones with these, non responded to a signal difference with them...would not buy again...worthless waste of money for me...
- Solid Build Quality
6022	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Overall, the New Trent iTorch is an excellent way to extend battery life when a charger may not be accessible. The extended battery pack is extremely easy to operate and packs quite a punch. I have charged my iPhone 5 off of it a couple times without needing to charge it. Once it runs out of juice, charging times are minimal while charging it off of my iPad 4 wall charger.
7893	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Cannot keep the wire connected to my phone.
only dumb part is that you have to hold the power button for 3-4 seconds when turning it on or off ... and the manual doesn't tell you that part...
3852	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits my $5-a-month, Puretalk phone perfectly and attaches well to my 5-11 vest.
This devices works equally well both in Windows (Vista) and Mac OS (Leopard and Snow Leopard).
To delete the messages from the phone is impossible, the headers will remain there, unless I delete all the messages from the server. I want my messages on the server, as a backup, but now i need to move them to another folder, for the sake of the Nokia!
Edit Dec 2015: And I know what the title of my review says but for some reason the link is gone and I can't find the one I have anymore....
I believe blue light 1 indicates IMP52D is charging a device, that is the battery pack is on AND a device is connected - both must be true for blue light 1 to illuminate -
8380	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A little difficult to put on, but holds very securely. I have the black w580i, this looks like an original accessory.
3720	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping, as advertised, an excellent price.
7295	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I loved the phone, but my carrier would not cover it so I had to send it back. but I really did love the phone


It's got its drawbacks but it's the only headset that works consistently with my Treo 650.

I am planning on getting the Sony Ericson HiFi too for gaming and hitting the town. The HiFi can pair with multiple devices while this is one at a time. The BT3030 amazes people when they inquire to what it is, "shut up" is what I normally get or "coooool, that's an awesome device".
3) No other features.  No GPS.  No graphics.  No games.  No videos, MP3s, ringtone downloads, camera, or any of the other doodads we take for granted.
7.  Lots of data storage possible with microSD card (sold seperately)



1490	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought the 510 to replace the Jawbone V2, which is good when it wants to be. The 510 has the same functions the Jawbone does at a fraction of the price, $38 v. $95.

The only drawback this phone has is its short battery life.  I found that on a full charge, I can get maybe 2 hours of talk time in a day and by 5:00 PM, I'm needing to charge the phone again.  So, I'm on a search for high-capacity batteries or stand-alone battery chargers so I can keep spare batteries handy.  I'm also making sure I have chargers available too so I can keep it charged.  I have a charger at home, one in my laptop bag and one in my car so for now, I just need to be sure before I take a call that I'm not shy of battery power.
3891	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Loooooooove this shower head. My roommates who have their own showers keep sneaking in to use mine. I'm buying them their own. It's white plastic which sounds cheap but looks fine against the white tile in my bathroom. It only has one setting, but it's a good one.

9672	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Replaced on my G-Shock

3) Protect my Wife's whole cellphone screen
2. The unit came with 1 Micro-USB Adpater - too short to be flexible, if you like your charged device to lay flat, this is NOT the answer!
I'd recommend going to a store and trying a few headsets on before you buy one because some will fit better than others.  It doesn't matter how great the sound quality is if it hurts your ears.  Some people have said the boom mic touches their faces-- not the case for me, but again, it depends on your head!  You really have to try these things on before you buy one.
I could wish for a little more volume on this headset, but isn't that always the case? Sound quality is great, and it seems to be usable even in somewhat windy conditions.
1764	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable to wear, good reception, price of ~$22 plus shipping was unreal.  I prefer this style over the Star Trek earpieces, but this one's boom mic extends further out from the ear than other models in this series.
6718	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Simply put, the SignalBoost DT does what it says.
Ease of use:
Power button is TINY. Best to turn it on before putting it on your head. On the other hand, this could be a plus; it's not likely you'll accidentally turn it on.
8703	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have trusted the Fellowes WriteRight line on my last 3 PDA's.  Previously I used a hard green plastic cover that worked but was diminished the screen contrast quite a bit.  This is different.  The soft plastic is much like the type you peel off the front of new digital displays.  I find they last for months even with heavy usage and do not diminish brightness or clarity to any great degree.
This phone is ALMOST perfect.  The Sony w810i is the superior camera phone and implements a perfect menu system and superior imaging.  It is the best phone Cingular has...but it's NOT 3G and it's NOT a clamshell.  This phone falls into second place as far as features go, but the clamshell design is long (reaches your ear and mouth easily!) and the 3G has to be seen to be believed.  When you browse the Net fullscreen, you'll never want to go back to the small screen size of 176x220 again!
-When a call comes in, the music stops automatically. Music resumes when the call disconnects.
The functionality is superb. All the functions are controlled with one button: on/off, volume control, last-number redial, voice commands, etc. I've had no problems with reception. I typically keep my cellphone in a holster on my belt, and I wear the 330 on the same side of my body. For the price, you can't beat it.
9615	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Way over priced for what it does.  1 Room for $288? In January, 2010 that is way to expensive especially since other devices that cover a whole house, sell for about the same price.
I like to take care of my stuff and for a reasonable price....this lets me do exactly that (plus...the color blue is just a super cool color)

8625	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace a broken, non-rotating clip for a Cellet case I really like for my Motorola Razr.  The old one broke because it kept getting hung on chairs, seatbelts, etc.  I can rotate this one out of the way and can get to the phone whenever I need to.  The rotating clip should come standard on all cases, even if they have to supply both kinds.  How much can it cost them, 20 cents?


I bought this phone because I work from home 4 days a week.  I make a lot of international calls and I had trouble hearing on my previous headset and land line phone.  I chose this phone because it had all of the features I was looking for and included the headset - meaning I would have no configuration problems.

First, it fits extremely well. It snapped on and fits snugly; I don't think it will slip off easily. It exposes all the phone's controls and connectors - it even has an opening through which you can attach a wrist strap (not included). The feel of the material is very nice; it is a comfortable texture that does not feel cheap.
1302	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The quality of this little bluetooth headset is great and the battery life is decent especially for its size, but I wouldn't recommend it because it doesn't use the standard mini-USB charger, and I really don't understand this because the older models do use the standard charger.  When on the go I don't want to bring yet another few chargers with me just for the headset.  Mini-USB makes a lot of sense because I already have to have the cable for my laptop to connect up the external hard drives, so I can just use that, or I can use the blackberry charger to charge it in the car or outlet since I already have those chargers with me.
9066	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am writing this review for the New Trent Itorch after a week of being without power due to Hurricane Sandy (I'm actually writing this review from my mobile device because I'm still without power and my Itorch has kept all my devices going strong enough for me to still have power and confidence to write this review despite having no time frame of when my power will be restored).

First, some positives. The packaging was nice. When I plugged it in, it turned on.
If you live or drive through remote areas with weak cell phone signals this is a nice backup unit to have.


1416	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works well
650 show all phone number in every contact, you can get to your contact in few minutes if you got lucky.
6850	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great item. I am very happy with this purchase.
button simplicity.


1873	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had the earlier version of this phone, V265, for the past two years and think it's a great phone.  I don't know what a reviewer was talking about then they said this phone drops 1 in 3 calls, I've expereience dropped calls at the rate of 1 in a 100 or 200 - no more than any other phone probably.  I liked this one enough to sign up for this current version and I'm tradiing in my V265 to paypal's ez-tradein.com for a $50 gain since that one cost me zero.
7077	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My mother in law was so worried she would have to give up her LG Flip phone when her battery stopped taking a charge. She went to a Verizon store & they told her they don't make the replacement batteries anymore & tried to sell her a new phone! Talk about taking advantage of someone! Luckily she called me so I could help her out. I did a quick check on Amazon & found these batteries, they were so inexpensive I ordered her 2 of them. She is so happy now. Her phone lasts for 3-4 days on a charge again!
Most comparisons of these phones therefore center around the camera functionality (e.g. PhoneArena.com, GSMArena.com, and Mobile-Review. Com all have head-to-head comparison reviews of the two).  In summary: As far as camera phones go, these are as good as you get; they are both comparable to mid-range pocket cameras.  The k850i has an advantage indoors, because it has a real Xenon flash in addition to the LED autofocus assist beam.  However, in general, it has more "washed out" color reproduction than the more vivid N95; and it only supports video recording in QVGA (320x240) resolution compared to the N95 VGA (640x480).

141	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	WHAT A GREAT PRICE!



Sadly, the 6263 turned out to be a major downgrade.  The voice quality is absolutely awful.  After 20 minutes of talking, I actually had an earache thanks to the shrill, harsh audio.  I immediately took the SIM card out of the 6263 and put it back into my 6101, and sure enough, the 6101 was like using a landline phone -- the sound quality was perfect. Just to be sure, I put the SIM back in the 6263 and tried again, and sure enough, the sound was positively miserable.
It was a no-brainer to set everything up:  install the supplied battery into the back of the handset, plug in the telephone wire to the base and the jack, plug in the power, charge the unit and also next to the handset on the same base is the charger/holder for the headset, a nice all-in-one unit.
Packaging - The box arrived safely and as I have witnessed in the pack New Trent's packing always gives the impression your getting a quality product. Plenty of product information and a flip out part to provide even more detail. Inside you will find  a plastic insert holding the battery and it's accessories and a product manual. In the case of the iTorch you get the battery, micro USB Cable, a Galaxy Tab Converter cable and a soft pouch to store everything in. The iTorch is charged via USB but can be charged on an AC wall adapter but it is not included.
- Easy to turn on/off, by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom.
859	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I personally like these headphones for their sound, function and value, though they are not sweat proof (my QY8 are so far.)  I want to try Motorola's newer model soon as they do appear more stylish.
Purchased a third mount to outfit yet another ride.  The first two have held up without issue and I've yet to have my GPS pop loose.
7044	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price. Best quality. Jim A.
The thumbwheel is great for navigation and web browsing.

Slim enought to fit in your pocket
- No LED Flash or Photo Light
3208	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	DOES NOT WORK IN ANY AREA I TRAVEL.  HAVE NOT SEEN ANY INCREASE IN BAR STRENGTH.  WOULD NOT RECOMMEND TO ANYONE.
7379	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works well, has three individual pieces on the spanking end that make great noise. Kinda flimsy though.
7835	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got it so I could fit my headphone jack into my iPod case and in that regard it functions excellently.

5259	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great!  Haven't had a problem with this charger.  Used it when my wall chargers weren't working.  Overall for the cost it was a good buy.
I decided to get a full strip since I have a bunch of quartz watches, and this is a fairly common size.  I'll probably use 3-4 before they all go dead.
6682	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	There are quite  a few reviews here that will give a perspective buyer a feel for the Pros/Cons of this product so I'll keep it short.
Now sound quality is not bad. The ear piece really blocks out outside noise, which help hear your music or the person on the phone that you are talking to. I asked a friend if could hear me ok after we finshed talking. They said I was loud and clear. Then I told them that I was on my new bluetooth headset. They was like really I couldn't tell.
2133	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The case is easy to use and hold securely to my belt or waistband. My phone is easy to put in and get out when I want it out, but remains secure when I don't need it.

2906	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I am a first-time Bluetooth user.  I guess I must have ears a lot larger than the people for which this product was designed.  It does not fit me, and therefore it is unusable.
1)I bought the anti-glare film and applied it before I put the phone in the case. You need to get this right before you put the phone in for the case is really hard to open.

6552	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I use Verizon 4G LTE and I read a lot of reviews for this product before buying.  A lot of reviews said that it worked with their Verizon 4G LTE and that this product no longer gets hot which is why I bought this.  It gets extremely hot, and my signal doesn't get better or worse when I use this product.  I had to remove the brackets completely since I suppose they were designed to hold small flip phones or something, because there is no way my Samsung Galaxy could fit in this thing. I wanted to return this product but they wanted to charge me a 20% restocking fee so I figured I would make sure I am using it correctly.  I wanted to give them a chance since I travel for worked and used it in a lot of different places and my signal never got worse or better when using this product.  The signal strength on my phone remained exactly the same.  This device also kills your vehicle's battery very quickly since I suppose it uses a lot of wattage which is why it gets so hot.  I suppose it works for different networks even though they claim it works for all of them.  If you asked me I would say that this company is a scam, and I am not that type of person to throw around false labels.  Especially since they renamed this product and charge a restocking fee, they probably are aware it doesn't work and will pack up and leave once the word gets out that this product doesn't work.
3626	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Fit


In terms of design and functionality, I find the physical dimensions and design to be very pleasant. It slips VERY easily into any pocket, and is less bulky than some of the other battery chargers I have.
This shows that the company is actively engaging their products and they can still maintain terrific customer service!!! wow! I am very impressed with the iTorch and with New Trent!
7922	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have a charger case that was not compatible with the ear buds that came with my iPhone. Point blank, they wouldn't fit. This product solved my problem and worked well without any problems or shorts. I do recommend the purchase of this adapter for it's price.

I used it with a Sprint Sanyo phone and the performance was terrible. I lived with it since I knew I was going to upgrade soon. I upgraded my phone to a iphone with AT&T, it was even worse. Turns out my buddy was using a Samsung phone. We think that this works great coupled with a Samsung phone but it seems to dislike other brands. In the end, it ended up getting washed in a pair of my pants and didn't work any more. Good riddance!
Too bad the plastic near the joint broke.  I'd not recommend these to anyone!

holding a charge like it used to and Johnny wants to finish watching his
7792	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I agree with many of the other reviewers on here, so my 2 cents is just a quick overview:

I have a Motorola V600 and it paired easily, though since this was my first bluetooth device and there is a pairing code to enter I had to read the quick start directions.  From the time I opened the manuel to my first call it took 3 minutes.
The 8100 Pearl is not only slick-looking: it delivers on the promise. The interface has now migrated away from the wheel on the side to the tracking ball in the front. Navigation continues to be a breeze and typing is not sacrificed by combining multiple letters into the same key, thanks to the smarts of the device that typically identify the word you are typing as you go.
The ear piece volume is very low. The max setting is 5. It really needs to go to 10. The only other "whine" I'd have is if your not careful while sliding it open to take a call, you can easily tap the 'end call' button and send it strait to voice mail.

9255	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This leather pouch is great.  I couldn't find anything that would fit my Palm Centro without it being too tight or too loose.  This is perfect.  It is definately made for the LG phone, but the Centro fits almost like a glove.  Good quality too!  Way better than many more expensive ones I have bought!
4. USB cable charger means I can charge anywhere I have my laptop, which is everywhere I go.

9081	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great battery i charged 2 kindle fires and 2 android phones on 1 charge. perfect for car trips and being stuck in airport or if you want to watch a couple movies on your kindle and there is no power outlet. plug in your phone while its in your  purse and keep it charged 100%
As with most headsets you have to get use to putting it on and adjusting it where it fits comfortably and correctly to get the best sound. The minor negatives do not mean much compared to features and sound quality. That is why I give it 5 stars.
-lighter than the N75
5244	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Maybe this charging station would have been nice 5 or 6 years ago before smartphone got larger screens but other than in the larger middle section a phone will not fit. The sections are too small and if the charger has to be plugged in the side rather than in the bottom the phone won't fit even if it is smaller. Definitely NOT worse the price.

Given that so many of the accessories for the iPhone are outrageously expensive, it's really a delight that the case is so cheap. I expect mine to last a year or so (I've had metal hooks, like the one the case comes with, eventually break). But with the price so low, I just went ahead and bought two.
Rather than picking the name of the vcard for import out of the vcard's formatting, the sidekick uses the filename. This might mean that it would be simply to pass garbage through the vcf interface, so be careful.
668	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great. As described.
8953	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I went out of town this last weekend and took the iTorch with me. It was
7133	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this for my husband so that he could put music on his phone.  Before we had a chance to do that the 2 black covers on the the end you plug into the phone came off.  You can still use it to charge the phone but you have to be careful where you set it to charge.  My husband had only used it once before that happened.  I ordered other items that same day to go with his phone and they have all done really well.

Finally is funtionality. This is where I have to question my rating. I know this is not a $50 headset, $75 headset, or even a $100+ headset and won't rate it/compare it to such. I understand you get what you pay for. With that said, here is my humble opinion. The headset has great volume and sounds as good as using the phone itself. However, the range is not as good at the others I have used. The Headset operates best with the phone in sight. Static is noticed by the caller (not me) if the phone is on my body the opposite of each other. In the car, it is best to place in the right ear and the phone in the center console or passenger seat. If you want to use it in the left ear, the phone should be on that side. Same side line of sight distance is approximately 10-12 feet before static comes in for the caller. Call quality is always good on my end, however again, the caller definately knows you are on a headset as it does have a slight echo. Again, I know this is not an expensive headset and is not perfect. But, no caller has complained when asked. Some didn't even know I was on a headset. Background noise is an issue for the caller though. One does need to close the windows, turn down/off the radio, lower the HVAC fan for a quality business conversation.
4985	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not much of a sound loss or any such issue. I am able to use the logitech wired headphones with this adapter for both stereo sound and microphone (for ip telephony and normal iphone calls).
7497	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was my husband's favorite Christmas gift. He mentioned the arm is very stiff to move (which is good, so it does not bounce when the car is moving) but thought you should know this when you are trying to install it, so you know what to expect.
8343	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are just as expected.  I use it to attache a somewhat heavy charm and it holds well.  Please note though that the part of string that has contact with the phone does wear off after a couple of months revealing the clear plastic and that is the time to replace it.
4533	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	batery no good
4512	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This unit is great. Very clear. Long battery life. Be advised that it requires the source to have A2DP protocol, otherwise you can't use it for stereo. I bought this for my wifes G1, turns out that the G1 does not support the A2DP protocol. It is still great a great bluetooth headset.

7607	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this because I was looking for a universal one piece power adapter for international travel. My journeys take me to Asia on occasion. On this particular trip I went to mainland China, Korea and Hong Kong. Three different plugsets..
*There are many free downloads which you can access from the themes menu.  You can download free games, themes, wallpapers, and tones.
Overall: Taking into account the price and it's ability to keep the Palm clean and safe, it would be perfect if it weren't for that major problem of it not being snug enough that any friction caused it to shift. Simply: If you buy the clip, I highly recommend this product (esp. for this price ). Without the clip, this is very inconvenient, so I would not recommend it.
2470	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have had several headsets, and this one has lastest longer than any of them.  It holds a charge for a long time, whereas the other ones would die sooner.

------------------
552	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Not satisfied with the quality of the product I purchased. Didn't see any difference in reception of the antennae on my cell phone
Well within a week the LCD has cracked, rendering the most impressive element of the phone useless. I am not a rookie when it comes to candy-bar style phones, and my Nokia made it through 18 months of the exact same treatment with no damage to the screen whatsoever. Thanks to neither Cingular nor Samsung willing to offer any kind of warranty I am stuck with a paperweight. I cannot recommend this phone despite its initial stylishness, and cannot offer any extensive reviews of its features because for all intents it is useless.
The phone is also possibly useless around other 2.4Ghz equipment in your home such as cordless phones, video baby monitors, WiFi, etc.
9072	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a solid unit, compact, sleek. It charges with a  micro-usb plug common to most non-IOS devices these days (rather than the older larger mini-USB). Oddly, it features a 1-LED flashlight and a laser pointer as well. I suppose these could come in handy while camping or something, but since all 3 functions are operated by the same single push button it can be tricky to activate the charging rather than the laser or the light (which is activated depends on how long you press the "on" button). I'd prefer a separate switch for the laser/LED lamp.
6545	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Can't say it helps much. Had two bars, still have two. We may have slightly clearer sound. If it had been $50 would have felt better about this purchase.
The problem started when the people I was talking to couldn't hear me.  Only 4 months of use and the microphone already stopped working.  Since I had bought two I figured I would be fine, I would just use the second one while I search for another bluetooth.  Unfortunately, the second bluetooth didn't work.  I didn't even get the opportunity to use it once.  I could hear the person clearly but they could not hear me at all.  I tested to see if the bluetooth was on mute and that wasn't the case.  I noticed for the other motorola bluetooth reviews (h17, h20, h21, h500 etc) the complaint is the same, the microphone doesn't last long or doesn't work at all.  I think it is terrible that such a great design could have such a major flaw.  There is no point to a bluetooth if the person cannot hear you.

5365	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This was my first Otterbox Defender series case.  I read a lot of reviews about how tough these cases are and the awesome protection they provide your phone.  I saw a video on youtube where someone that had this case on the Curve threw the phone 50 feet into the air and let the phone fall to what looked like its demise.  The person grabbed the phone, and held it up to the camera... still 100% functional.  I was immediately sold.  I purchased this case and anxiously awaited its arrival.
Best of all if you lose it - what the heck, didn't cost that much anyway.
2698	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This fits real good on my kindle fire. Helps when the grandkids use it I know it will protect it if dropped.
5808	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It saved me some cash by continue to use BlackBerry.
2508	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works great and holds great. A little too big for my daughters arm though. I suppose that was expected though.
2781	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I liked it it did what I wanted it to do for my phone and I really liked the price.
2117	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After my dreadful V551, I was hesitant to return to Motorola. Since my Sony Ericsson S710a didn't work out, and since my wife's V3 has been solid so far, I decided to give Moto one more chance with the V3i.
3. It fits well even though I have glasses on.
6544	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works - generates a bit of heat, but it works.  Will gain 1-4 bars depending on how bad the signal is.  Key is getting a good antenna OUTSIDE your vehicle, house or RV.  Many to choose from, just make sure the connector is right for this device (buy an adapter if needed.)  I use with AT&T LTE and Sprint LTE.  Device gets 3 more bars when placed in this cradle.
3. Good mic, no one seems to have a problem hearing me even when driving in a noisy car.
-Left and Right, but not both for phone audio through the car stereo. Why would they do this?
Milton Weston, New York
533	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	doesn't work for me
Value:  5 stars
2421	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this as a gift for a special lady and from my experience of her talking to it with the bluetooth headset i noticed she sounds a bit far and echoey, but much better than my motorola bluetooth units (HS720, HS850, etc). One good thing is the generic/ cheap 5$ samsung car charger for the A670 works on this headset.
Cons:

Battery life is good on all units.  I don't talk enough to give them a hard workout in this regard.  However, the 510 seems to take the longest to charge, the BT8040 the fastest, and the H710 in the middle.
  lost one (same model).
If I ever experience the same belt clip failure that others experienced, I would definitely still buy this same holster again because of the price.
2019	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the best purchases I've made on-line. The H700 is a big upgrade for me (previously used the H500). No complaints whatsoever. Love the fact I can turn off the headset by just closing it. I have a small face & small ears -- this dainty piece is perfect!
8271	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	To start off with the rubber has a loose fit around the hard case.  It doesn't want to fall off but a corner does pop up enough where one might feel like pushing it down all the time or even pulling on it.
7945	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great product. Does what it is intended for.

8086	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The case offer good protection, but the screen protector makes it difficult to view the phones apps in bright light.  Also the snap on holster does not hold the phone if you are wearing a jacket.  The clip style holster barely hold the phone in place and the jacket rubbing against the phone is enough for the phone to fall to the ground.  You need to be careful because if you are on grass, snow or in a loud area you will not hear the phone fall.


I love the HS850 since it has no power button!  Instead, you just flip it open or closed.  It gets great battery life, since it's so easy to put it in standby by flipping it closed.
9216	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	wouldn't stay connected to a phone, wouldn't hold a charge and it was new.  Definitely not worth any money in my opinion.

4262	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I am using this with a Note 5 it has very poor call quality. The person on the other side cannot hear me half  of the time when you press the button to end the call it takes quite a while before it actually hangs up. I feel that putting my phone on speaker actually sound better.
2961	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've owned quite a few bluetooth headsets in the past and these are my favorite.
8634	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Product matches description perfectly. Works with a Samsung T349 no problems. Works for charging and file transfers to and from a PC.
8390	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its a armband for the iphone, I am really small so I put it around my leg. It gets the job done!!
The web browser is just ok.  I find that it loads pages much quicker than Internet Explorer on Win Mobile devices.  Unfortunately it's not quite as good as Opera Mobile, and definitely not as good as the iPhone's Safari (to date nothing is...not even close).


Build Quality and Ease of Use
8191	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Met my needs.

My only question is about the light on the unit. When compared to my Photon LED keychain, it is not as bright. With 5200mAh at your disposal, why not put a brighter LED in the battery pack? It seems like an after-thought to include a flashlight at all, I would like to see it brighter or done away with completely. Then again, I did not buy this for the flashlight so it will get minimal use from me.
If you refuse to answer the question, they will argue that 'Our System Requires It'. Who cares about their system? I do care about my own IDENTITY SAFETY.
1180	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Problem:
7474	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The cable is indeed an OEM data cable.  There is no fancy packaging but it just works.

464	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love it
4656	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It ripped easily.
- Blue light might be a bit bright at times

5) The technology! Paired with T-Mobile, this phone is part of the EDGE network. Basically, it's an enhanced GPRS network providing 4x the speed over a traditional GPRS. It is definitely noticable too. When browsing the web on this blackberry, it's quick and responsive to my queries. It's not as fast as DSL or Broadband, but it is much improved over the traditional network.

8864	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like this product a lot. Feels like it is a solid, quality item, not cheap. Heavy enough to the point where it feels like it was well built, yet still lighter than the iPhone.  I am satisfied with how fast it charges and how much power it holds. overall 5+
Installation - there is no such.
3) stays out of my way but is still accessible (try fishing a rubber case out of a cloth pocket quickly - can't be done)
2702	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fit the kindle fire perfectly and made it much easier to grip. The kindle still fit in one of the auto-shut off cases with it on, but did not fit in a different one, so just check if you are planning on getting both. This kindle is for my 9 year old so I want all the protection I can get!
This is the second one of these I own. The first I bought refurb and finally killed the battery. When in my car, this headset is the best. I can hear loud and clear and people on the other end of the phone never realize I am even on a headeset. The ultimate test is my wife. She would always tell me to get off the headset because she had a hard time hearing me. Now, I never hear that anymore.  Once you get over, "the over the head look", you realize just how great this headset is. It has a few other really nice features as well, voice dial and mute.
The fit of the headset is great for me. The unit has a small portion that inserts gently in my ear, and the wrap-around portion holds the device closely to my ear without any pressure or discomfort. I've been wearing it all day and it is light and very comfortable. Your mileage may vary.
1)  Comfort.  This was the biggest attribute I was looking for as I wear this a lot.  After putting it on I usually forget it is there within two minutes.  It is light weight and very easy on the ears.  I only remember when somebody calls me and I hear the beeping in my ears.  With a flick of the wrist, this easily converts between the left and right ear and both feel extremely comfortable.
Calculator
The owner's manual is quite skimpy and cheaply printed as other reviewers suggest. But I was able to download the full manual as a PDF from Motorola's web site.  The supplied manual is small enough to keep in a wallet while travelling, though.

3117	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product covered my camera screen with virtually no bubbles -- I'm now a fan.  Having said that, this film is rigid and harder to apply with no bubbles than any other screen protector product that I've ever purchased before and I've done a number of different phones, GPS screens, camera screens, etc. with a variety of screen protector products that have turned out *perfectly*.


Short press starts the app (Calendar, Contacts, Email).
And I definitely, definitely do not believe in paying premiums for cabling in most cases.  Prices should basically reflect the current price of copper.  And $5 is about right.
I use this with my Oticon Tego P hearing aids & it works so much better than my Eli bluetooth adapter. The Eli would last MAYBE 1.5 hours for music, a bit more for talk. The BT3030 lasts about 5-7 hours depending on the volume I have it set to. It's really no larger than a real dogtag at 5.5cmlx3.5wx1cm thick.
The laser pointer and flashlight are both bonus features that I don't see myself using that often, but the same situations that require an emergency charger also call for a flashlight, so that's a benefit.  Read the manual as others have stated, the procedure for turning on the separate features isn't exactly instinctive.
The belt clip works well too in that you can flip the iPhone so that the screen is protected and you can easily get the iPhone out when you need it.

one full charge for iphone 5 only ,,,
1526	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Plantronics Voyager 510 has been an absolute work horse for me for the past nearly 2 years.  When I say workhorse I mean it.  I put over 5 hours of talk time on this device 5 days a week for well over a year.  I used it in a weekly 4 hour commute, during the day in the office, at night to talk to my family from the hotel and a number of other usages.  I know this device and using it is as familiar as turning on my blinker in the car.

*CFL lights max out this meter in the magnetic, electric, and radio bands. I now try to keep them up and away about 4' from where I sit/work.
Nothing at all!

WITH MY IPHONE MAKES MY WORKOUTS GOOD WORK!
1578	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I've tried too many bluetooth headsets to remember. Seems they all have a major shortcoming... volume too low, static, terrible battery life, something.
4520	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this bluetooth to use with my company phone which is a LG phone and my personal phone which is a blackberry curve.  This BT pairs ok with both phone, but when I connected two phones at same time, the sound thru my blackberry is scramble off and on.  This happen 2 weeks after I used it.  I don't recommend this BT if you are going to use it with two phones simutaneously.
However, this clip is not a wimp; it holds tight and I've not had a problem.
5458	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The unit works boosting weak cell phone signals.

3014	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	To be fair, some of my comments may be more related to my phone (Samsung A900m on Sprint) and not this headset. I had a lot of difficulty using a Motorola and Plantronics headset on this phone with range and static. Pairing has always been easy, but static has been a huge issue.
4388	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Like the 3G Mirror Screen Protector... works very good.  Have to clean it at times, but it's worth the protection.  Great product.... Want to get a few more.
Believe me: this was the weirdest reboot I've ever seen in my life, like "Clap your hands, hit the table, turn around, and bam!" That did it... for a couple of hours. Again, my Jabra and my phone wouldn't come to terms with each other.
3367	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these cables for my Wii, when I mounted my flat screen. They work as advertised.  I have no problems with them, and I would recommend to anyone. Won't disappoint.
5 stars, working great, and is wonderful to have this when needed!

The reason for only four stars is the buttons, while only two, are hard to press.  Other than that small problem, this is a great BT headdest.

5724	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought these as a future replacement if my clip happens to get caught and break. So far, my Cellet case has proven to be very durable as is the belt clip so I may not be needing these too soon!
Positives
There are real cool apps that come with the phone...
6193	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The IMP52D battery is about the size of a small cell phone. When you take it out of the package, you see only a nice cloth bag for storage, a micro USB charging cable for Android smart phones and a USB cable about 6" long used as an adaptor for charging a Samsung Galaxy Tab and a small instruction book.
4215	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you look at the demo video on the Jawbone website, I can attest that it works as advertised.  It amazingly cuts out the most of the external noise. Incoming and outgoing sound is excellent. Plenty loud and just a slight bit of distortion with the dsp on.

All in all, pretty happy. Sorry I can't provide more precise performance details. Other reviewers seem to be pleased with that aspect. As I mentioned, I'll update this review if the results I get next month are different (better or worse) than I anticipate them to be. In the end, I think this is a solid piece of equipment from a reputable manufacturer of quality electronics.


8284	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I could not have asked for better service!! I mistakenly ordered the wrong one & they exchanged it for the correct ones! No problems at all!! So grateful for Amazon!
9945	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	WAY TO EXPENSIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!

1469	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've only had this unit for about 24 hours, but I really like it.  These are my initial impressions, and I compare this to the Motorola H680 as overall about equal, very similar to the findings by a major consumer-oriented organization as to these two Bluetooths.
As a portable battery pack, this performs excellently and has helped me and my coworkers equally as well. I take it everywhere and has performed marvelously. I will be looking to New Trent first when I need another battery backup.
9904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These plastic screens take a little practice, but they do work.
3361	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Had extra component ports available, so I can now use my video ports for an older gaming system that does not have component or hdmi capability.
I'd purchase this phone again for T-Mobile. I considered other phones before making this purchase and the overall features (including the ability to use Bluetooth)are what attracted me to the V330.

=======

No voice recognition at all, but for $20 you can get a program that is awesome and doesn't have to be trained.  "Call 5 5 5 1 2 1 2" and it does.  "Call Bob Tompson Mobile" and it matches it to the address book -- no training, beyond numbers. VERY NICE.
I picked up a Plantronics headset and have not looked back!
8366	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought more of these for keychain's I plan to make later on. Long shipping but worth it for the cheaper price!
5687	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good charger. Looks nice. LED is very bright. This is not a big deal for us, but could be if we put the charger in a bedroom. Charger doesn't work with any rubber cover or other case on phone, so we have to take the Blackberry rubber case off in order to charge.

5993	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So far I have had a good experience with this product. It charges my Iphone 5 pretty quick which is awesome. I have a small glitch with my cable but that's the cable quality I guess and not the Torch. So far pretty satisfied.
I agree that the battery life is amazing. (I got mine at Costco, and the AC adapter was included.) I like the auto-off feature, as I usually forget to turn it off when I leave the car. I prefer using the visor speakerphone over a headset -- no geek factor, and I have the use of both ears to hear the stereo or conversation in my car, which I don't have when a headset blocks one ear.
This is a large, heavy headset. Be forewarned. I am used to over the head style so it is not as much of an issue for me as it might be for someone coming from an "in you ear" style. Also, in the heat, my ear sweats under the cushion. I leave it off my head above 80F.
The Charger itself is small enough to fit in your hand, has a black matte finish with a chrome band circling it in the front.  It has a red laser and flashlight which I didn't notice when I ordered it.  Nice surprise.  It even comes in a black velour-like pouch for easy travel.
8394	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works just fine. It's kinda awkward to get the iPhone in and out, especially because you have to unplug the headphones, and you can't really touch the screen, so you have to get the iPhone out, which as I said before is awkward. But if you just want it stuck on your arm, it works!
4274	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. Except, it does not appear to be holding a charge for as long as it states. I am wondering if something is wrong with this unit. I have to re-charge after about 2 hours.

2480	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	SUPER DUPER GREAT PRODUCT, GO FOR GOLD, YOU'RE IN IT TO WIN THIS IS IT AND DO IT WELL BUY THIS ITEM! 19 WORDS TO FILL THE REVIEW WOOT! WOOT!
- Great build quality
4824	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits really well, great quality. Seems like it will last a while. Seems like it gives the iphone a good amount of padding too, so should protect from a fall.
8398	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works good.  However the dual sided Velcro at the end of the strap rubs your ribcage.  It's really aggravating and can cause some serious rash after about 3 miles if you do not adjust it on your arm. Other than that it doesn't slide around or move when running, even at long distances. Would recommend but be warned about the rubbing Velcro.
3988	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits the phone very well. Not bulky, keeps the slim feeling of the phone. Like the "grip" texture on the side of the case.
The price of the New Trent iTorch is unbeatable. For the price with free shipping from Amazon, you can't go wrong.  It is great to know that you have some reserve power if you leave home, right in your pocket.  It is very portable and light weight.  You can even keep it in your pocket while traveling.
1)  Small and compact considering all the features and full QWERTY keyboard.
3423	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent for when wearing a suit of jeans doesnt really protect the phone but def worth it def recommend it
It is very fast both ways, recharging from the wall and charging the devices as well.  I recommend this to anyone that needs a easy and convenient way to have an spare battery for their smartphones, ipods or small electronic devices.
6583	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have used the similar product designed for in the house for a couple of years, and it works fine.  This one does, too.  The install is mostly a matter of routing the cable so you can install the little external antenna, which has a strong, magnetic base.  As others have done, I mounted it in the back of my Expedition near the rear window, and it seems to work fine.  I glued a metal washer to a flat spot on the passenger side near the back window and stuck the antenna to that.  The holder for the phone goes near the driver.  To use this, you put your phone in the holder.  It only works when the phone is in the holder, which is fine, and I got two bars increase (I live in a pretty remote part of Arizona).  Simple to use -- just put the phone in the holder and put it on speaker.  If your phone works through your radio, that would be great.  I took off one star because the adjustable arms which hold the phone don't expand far enough to fit my Galaxy S III with the Otterbox case on it.  Other than that, It's great!  My wife has the same phone with a thinner case, and hers fits fine.



The design is EXTREMELY comfortable and looks very professional... that's where everything STOPS!  The unit does not have "ECHO CANCELLATION" and conversations around you drown out your voice to the remote listener.

1532	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Good:
1477	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I tried two of these headsets and it was horrible for the person I was speaking to. Some heard the echo worse than the others, but all heard it. Some heard every word they said repeated back to them nearly as loud as my voice. Annoying to say the least and THANK YOU Amazon for being so amazing and taking both headsets back!
The buttons are big and easy to reach, but take a little bit of force.  Since the headset is so small though, it's easy enough to hold it in place while you press buttons.
2160	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? This phone has completely blown away my expectations of a cell phone.  I migrated over from Verizon and an LG VX6700.  As far as service/reception and customer service, T-Mobile absolutely blows away Verizon.  With Verizon, it seemed everyone gave you a different answer.  But on to the phone...
Also, it's been quite some time now since the purchase (over a year) and it works perfectly like the day I got it.
For phone use it has a small microphone in the top.  I don't know how well it works as I've never used it and can't comment on that.


6166	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am writing this review for the New Trent Itorch after a week of being without power due to Hurricane Sandy (I'm actually writing this review from my mobile device because I'm still without power and my Itorch has kept all my devices going strong enough for me to still have power and confidence to write this review despite having no time frame of when my power will be restored).
4424	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good price and it even holds a charge for 4 days.  Stay off the grid with this battery and leave the (stupid) smart phones alone.  That will really piss off the N. @$@ SA

8368	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The straps and hardware are seriously smaller than what they appear to be in the description picture -  that is either good or bad, depending on how one looks at things.
6134	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So I have been using the charger and it is unbelievable!
For those concerned with the clip, it otherwise very sturdy and will not fall of. It holds on to the iPhone for dear life and removing it is no chore at all. I recommend using the clip in order to avoid pockets which usually have something that can make it's way into the ports (and NOBODY wants that).

iPhone next to inside antenna:
8378	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Well, I purchased this unit to test out the iphone 3g's compatibility.  It connected fine with no issues.  When testing the sound quality, it wasn't so good.  There was a bad hiss in the background.  The high pitch sounds didn't sound right at all.  When playing video, the voice wasn't synced up.  Not sure if that's the iphone's problem or the LiquidAux BT.  I thought it was a cool idea, but it didn't work as expected.  If you are using it for music only, it might be ok.  But I have kids that love to watch movies and they wouldn't like the delayed voice effect.
The ClearBoost case is a two-piece (top and bottom) case that snaps together, encasing the iPhone snugly within. There's never a worry about the iPhone sliding out of the case, as can happen with slot-loading cases, as the two halves snap tightly together. In fact, you need a small screwdriver or a quarter to pop the two halves apart.

1. Even with the multiple size ear pieces I find that I still have to hold it to my hear to hear callers in a noisy environment.

No more fumbling with the charging port beside my bed!
4945	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works!  I had that I have to have an extender to use the ear buds I want to use with my Lifeproof case, however this is a good extender and I can use any ear buds I want with it.
7495	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It wasn't the easiest to get mounted to the windshield, but once I got it on there good it's stayed in place for over a month.  My only real complaint is that the flexible arm likes to vibrate a bit when going down road.  It's just enough to notice.  Overall I thing it's a great product.  Well worth the money.

1417	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love it
I hope this help to other buyers.
It is easy to tap a button and tell it to "call my wife at work" or something like that...and have it make the call for me.
I found the volume to be excellent compared to my last phone (motorola v60).
- small size and good power (5200mAh)
9770	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My battery was dead for a year so I did some research and ended up buying this brand... No regrets; it's powered my watch like a charm
So you get a high quality, crystal clear, bubble-free, scratch resistant protector that will easily outlast a normal screen protector, and will probably outlast a PACK of normal screen protectors.  And you basically get it for the cost of shipping.


Mr. R
It was expensive and it did work but only if you were standing right next to the booster.  I put the antenna up above my roof a good 15' and aimed it in all directions.  No good.  Raised the signal only one bar.  Returned the item and had to buy a new cell phone using Verizon towers, which worked and cost a lot less that this booster.  In my opinion, don't buy it.
8748	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	CRAP!
It does what it says it will do with little or no deviation, if with Motorola's quirks.
334	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I am very disappointed in this battery. It worked quite well for two full months. And now, after unplugging it from its charged, within one hour it's down to 60%. I do a lot of trade shows. At which I need to send a text to take pictures receive emails it cetera. At first, this battery kept me going all day. I fear it will not do so now.
3) As most other reviewers have said, this works great out of the box. No problems setting it up, or pairing.
3659	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did nothing for my phone..
I used it to replace a dying/dead alarm system battery, a CA1240 12V 4AH battery, and it worked great. The "BATT" indicator was out on my alarm system control panel within a few hours after replacement.
NOTE: I was given a free sample for review but a positive review was not asked for, promised or implied. (Recent changes on Amazon have made it impossible to turn off the Verified Purchase badge as I used to in the past, unfortunately.)
Without any regular use or ware and tear, each one sounded nearly identical when tested with music on an iPhone 4S and SkullCandy in-ear headphones. I am not an audiophile, the headphones are inexpensive, and the adapters have not been put under any stress yet.
I use it on my Apple iPhone 3G, Amazon Kindle, Samsung phone, and a Motorola PEBL phone.
  - Connecting wires for the buds could be a tad longer.
On a side note, the battery, under constant daily use, should last you approximately 500 charges, or 1.5 years avg. This is typical for any and all bluetooth headsets. At a cost of less than $20, that means this unit will cost you barely $1 per month, as opposed to $10-15 per month for some of the designer headsets!
Recharging the iTorch via wall charger (using a separate wall adapter to connect via USB cable) seems to take about 4+ hours, when it was completely drained. This seems to be a bit excessive, but I plan to just recharge the device at night, no big deal.

6632	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We installed this unit in a house in Waterloo, Iowa where the signal was weak and found immediate improvement. Installation was a snap.
2198	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I'd like to say I was satisfied with this device, but I'm not, the ATT version for whatever reason was just SOOO much better than this phone on TracFone, and it was basically the same phone.

3728	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good device. Works as expected, does the trick. No frills. Powers my GPS and charges my smart phone. Tucks out of the way nicely.
7678	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Like others have said, this isn't a phone for those with large fingers. If you're looking for a business phone with a qwerty keyboard, then this isn't your pick. Nonetheless, the phone is elegantly built, with lots of features.

Another web-site I found explained how to enable/disable the vibrate feature of the headset, and also perform a reset.
3924	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Took about 15 seconds to install (twist it on).  I was previously too short to stand below my previous shower head but this raised it about 6 inches and now I am unable to stand underneath.  I would have to say the white plastic can look a little cheap but it is cheap, so i'll let that cancel itself out as a con
1570	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is the first Bluetooth headset that I have been able to wear. It works well and the people that I talk to say that it sounds real good. I wear glasses and it does fit with the glasses but sometimes it pushes on the part over my ear. Overall, I am glad that I bought this heatset.
8485	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I used to have a combo cb/weather radio but replaced it with this compact radio.  Excellent reception to NOA weather reports.  Have picked up marine as well though not my intended use.  Have not transmitted at all and have no plans to unless I loan it to another boater as I have a full size marine radio on my boat.  I consider this a good value at the $40 I paid
6684	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My house is a Faraday cage - all steel construction & wrapped in foil insulation - so I get absolutely no radio reception whatsoever inside.  I mounted this on my defunct satellite antenna mast and used the existing coax that runs into the house.  Antenna is mounted at chest height & aimed at the cell tower.  Reception on phone is 2 bars at this location.  After hooking up I get 4 (max) bars on the phone in all rooms in the house.  This contraption will pay for itself in no time since I no longer need a land line.
975	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I paid to "upgrade" to this cameraphone a year ago. I can say it has worked, but that is about it. The camera is so low quality that it might as well not be on the phone. Memory capacity is very low, so you won't get many shots either. MP3 ringtone support is a joke - they want you to buy additional software just to have that feature (though there's now a free alternative).
2. A 1-megapixel camera, which is almost pointless because the only way to send pictures is with picture messaging, which will resize the pictures down to the same resolution as it does for any phone.  No installing email applications, remember?
4602	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	wife loves it. she loves everything snowmen. it's nice that it has a magnet to hold them together.
* GPS with Nokia Maps application and optional voice navigation.  Various third party applications (e.g. Google Maps for S60) support its built-in GPS as well.
9890	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	For the price that it is, its not bad. It gets the job done and thats all that really matters. It covers exactly only the part that lifghts up, the screen/monitor; it doesn't cover from the top top piece where it says "Blackberry". You really need to know how to place the protectors on or you have a lot of bubbles. 3 for the price of 0.75$ is not much to complan about. Came on time!
7725	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I originally ordered three of these, a black and silver intentionally for myself and a pink one for my daughter. My wife had bought a leather case two days ago, my daughter a silicone case last week....so...The CoZip cases were delivered today while I was at work. When I came home, my wife said my daughter loved the silver so the silver's on her iPhone and when my wife saw the pink case she fell in love with it, so the pink's on her iPhone! They liked these far better than the other bulkier/flimsier cases they bought a few days before and now their old cases are being returned because they said the CoZips are the best cases! They said the cases enhance the phones appearance while providing a better grip feeling. My wife and daughter are fashion experts and these cases pass the test! I really like my black case because it makes it look great! Thanks Amazon for offering these CoZip cases!
Another thing that i want to point out,the unit doesn't come with the power adapter. so use the one that comes with your phone.
8725	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I replaced my old trackball/joystick mainly because the ring around it was pealing and it looked ugly. Since I was also replacing the lens I replaced the trackball. Super easy to install. Just make sure it is very clean underneath. I got some stuff on it after I installed and it wasn't working so well, but I simply blew on it and it all came out and it works perfectly. Fast delivery also.
8946	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great as a backup to carry around. I think it would be better if it was flatter/thinner.
8586	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm not sure what people are complaining about.  I think it's not only a cool idea, but a very organized, nice looking, efficient way to charge and display your blackberry bold.  I thought this was an awesome idea. If you have the luxury of owning a bold, I see no purpose in not buying the proper essentials to show it off, and the convenience of charging it in style.  I love it!
Since the N95, several other N-series and E-series phones have been released by Nokia with very similar feature sets.  For instance, the N82, which features a full Xenon flash, and thus doubles nicely as a pocket camera also for indoor use (though the only version available does not support North American 3G bands, just like the N95-1 and N95-2).

4938	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for use with my Mophie Juice Pack Plus External Battery Case for iPhone 5 after the included cable died. Sound quality isn't changed from if I just plug my headphones directly into my phone. Mini remote on Bose headphone (probably others too) and microphone (talking on the phone) also work with this extender. I feel like eventually it will give out but I have 4 as back ups!
Button has a very nice, tactile feel. I had recently purchased the Scala 700 headset. While the sound quality was very good, the buttons and entire device had a very cheap feel to it... it felt like if you pressed the volume rocker too hard, it'd break. It also didn't give very good tactile feedback when you tried to increase/decrease the sound! On the Plantronics 340/350, the one button you use to accept calls, terminate calls, increase/decrease volume has a great feel to it and is easy to use, even with the headset on.
5736	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The EtyBLU is amazing!
Still, for the money, if I had to do it again, I would spring for the $15 (after rebate) WEP 700.  Similar sound quality, but you don't need the charger case to charge it:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samsung-WEP700-Bluetooth-Wireless-Headset/dp/B00186JOT8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samsung WEP700 Bluetooth Wireless Headset</a>&nbsp;My wife has one and loves it.
2789	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is a battery a good battery  It is a good battery  IT IS A GOOD BATTERY  It is a good battery It is a good battery

519	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	These things are just a confidence trick. They don't do a thing. They can't do a thing. If you believe these make your phone work better then you probably find the stripes down the side of cars make them go faster too.
Bottom line:  I like it almost as much as pie.  Well worth the price.
8664	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Replaced a 3 year old stock battery with this one and get almost 2 times the life.  Not expensive and a better way to go than a new stock one.


anybody?
9009	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good quality design & compact size.
Which brings me to another common complaint on other headsets... sound volume! This device provides very loud and clear sound, even in moderate noisy conditions. It probably won't compare to the Jawbone (one device I've never owned), but it does seem to provide good noise cancellation.
I almost forgot this. When my phone is in the cradle and not in use, I can keep it charge up through a USB port built into the side of the Drive 4G-S. To do this it takes a charging cable with a standard sized USB plug at one end and a micro USB plug at the other end. My phone came with one of those so I was all set.
-The timing system of the flashlight can be annoying at times since there is only one button for 3 funtions and it all relies of the timing of release, so it can be a bother at times.
6841	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As expected
los recomendo good purchase ....ok

False Positive, with no true value.
927	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This headset has one non-fatal design Flaw and one fatal one. The non fatal one is that the power switch is positioned so it lays against your neck when you are wearing it. Irritating, but tolerable. But the real reason for the 1 star review is that I bought mine 20 days ago and today it stopped working. I usually don't buy anything rated < 4 stars but My wife bought me one of these for Christmas and I liked it enough to get another. The first one is still working so maybe the second one is a fluke. We'll see.
NOTE that for the best success, you should separate the external antenna and internal base unit by as much distance and signal-obstruction as possible -- put the outdoor antenna at at the best available signal location, and the indoor base unit in the worst dead-zone.  Use every inch of the 50' cable supplied.
The other MAJOR gripe is that you can't have multiple phone numbers for the same person! you have to have a separate entry for each, so I have 4 entries for some people (a work phone, home phone, cell, etc). What gives? In this day and age Motorola chooses to ignore this basic feature?! My previous phones was an old 1 color Nokia. Nokia knows how to design a very good interface. Motorola needs to get off their lazy butts and offer an firmware upgrade or some remedy. The camera is laughably bad. 640x480. Pictures look muddy and brown.

Let me explain:  the smartphone field is becoming more and more convoluted as more models become available almost daily, from the new Blackjack 2, to newer, sleeker Blackberry's or even the Moto Q...all have nice features and programs unique that make them great for specific uses, but I submit that the full Qwerty keyboard is one of the main reasons why these phones are so convenient.  I do NOT have big fingers, and yet I found the Centro's keyboard VERY difficult to type on.  I never thought I'd say it, but it's just too dang small to use with any kind of ease, provided you have normal to large fingers.  I would imagine my 15 year old daughter would be able to text at lightning speed, but without handling this Palm device IN PERSON, you just may be making a rather expensive mistake.  Other than that, I was most impressed with the overall functionality of the Centro.  One thing I DO miss from the 755p model is the rubberized coating which made it fit so wonderfully in my hands, without it, the Centro lacks a certain comfort in use that otherwise may be perfect depending on who you are.
4604	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These sets are absolutely adorable. They are your perfect novelty gift for mom or mother-in-law, in my case the latter as she adores all things Xmas and holiday season related. They are shorter and fatter than they look here in the product images, but all the same, I love them. They also have a function - so not just for looks- salt and pepper shakers doing a fine job. She loves her gift already.
-This headset is cheaper than a Bluetooth headset and in fact comes bundled with some RAZR phones.
When I disassembled the plug to inspect it and reassembled it, the device stopped working because it was no longer recieving power.  Upon further inspection, I discovered the solder on the hot wire was not making a clean connection to the center pin.  I touched it up and it resolved the problem.  In addition, my original plan to mount the device in where my ashtray was is out of the question because of the location of the fuse; if it were to ever blow, I'd never be able to reach it.  These two items combined make me knock off 1 star.  Overall however, it's a simple device that appears to be well assembled, save for my one small problem (the USB ports are mounted straight and flush with the face plate, and the ports themselves have a snug fit.
If it had been accurately described, I would not have purchased it!
4950	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I keep this adaptor connected to the end of my expensive headphones so that I can use them on my iPhone without taking my case off. I have tried hard to listen for noise or distortion by adding this adaptor, and even on $300 headphones on which I am able to hear nuance in recordings that are lost to my earbuds I cannot hear any difference. Very nice for a very low price.


8206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I ordered this thing to use for my smokes when I am at work. This thing has held up pretty well and keeps them dry. I would highly recommend.

When in iffy coverage area's it picks the network up faster than older models.

4) "General: system error" when trying to play music.  reboot "fixes" it.
- Hold battery for a long time
9754	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They worked perfectly
170	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Finally a real oem charger!!!!!
Motorola has some serious issues to overcome with their Quality Assurance program.
476	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It has a series of flaky behaviors with the 3650.  It is nominally compatible but in practice very difficult to make work.  The biggest problem is the phone won't ring when the headset is in "connected" mode.  It will just vibrate.  If you keep in in "disconnected" mode it takes 10-20 seconds to connect so better hope whoever is calling you waits a long time after you pick up (and there is no sound) and it doesn't go to voicemail.  Jabra tech support at first claimed it was a feature - "thats the way all headsets work" - yeah right! His suggestion was a) wear the headset all day long (you can hear the ringing thru the headset) b) keep the phone in your pocket all the time so you feel the vibration.  Then when pushed he claimed they are working on fixes.  It irks me that I bought this because [it is] listed ... as compatible, ...
long meeting since it would be easier to carry around in a pocket and
better quality then a land line.
2. Other person has no trouble hearing me
208	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am very satisfied with this product! It came in the appropriate packaging. It was also a very good price! Also they are very helpful and have great communication!
197	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	One of two units didn't work but the company made it good immediately, quickly sending a new one to replace the one that was inoperable. I would order from this company again.
T-mobile sim card and it work fine. Battery lasted two days in one charge, couple of thing wrong

5782	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have reciened my order for the order and I am very pleaced with the timely processing and shipment.
I tried the strategy, and it works
The battery life is amazing. I charged it fully before we left on our trip and it lasted the whole 28 hours with plenty to spare.
7980	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This phone is relatively small and stylish. In addition, it has considerable number of features. For example, it has pTunes (Sprint's music player), Palm's calender, contact software, etc. a built-in camera and video recording capability, the ability to take micro SD cards (good at expanding memory) and voice memo capability, among other features.
but not super happy..

----------
It actually did work pretty well, when you were within 5 feet of the black antenna, then signal dropped off. It boosted my phone by 2-3 bars. I guess thats why they call it a desk top booster, thats the only place it will boost your signal.
MP3 - I really have never been a big user of MP3 players until I got this phone.  Given the size and the mico SD slot it is great.  Bought a 1GB card and it stores more than enough music for my needs.  I can now be at the gym, working out to music and if a phone call comes in, it automatically switches over to the phone function.  When the call is done, the music comes right back on.  MAGIC!!  :-)


6558	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and excellent seller
The good:
6. Battery lasts a long time, another characteristic of Nokias
Find something else if you're serious about getting an extra bar.
7468	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	hola todo fino gustaooo muchoooooo everything right all excellent recommend
Pros:
2218	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This was from 3 phones ago (at least).  But I remember it did the job well.  I had no problems with it.

7185	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been unable to find the battery I need for my cell phone. I could charge it and after one phone call my battery would die. I went on amazon and they had the battery and it was in stock.  I ordered it and received it super fast. It made my week when I got it and it is working perfectly. Thanks!
8751	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great basic phone.  I have had it now for about two weeks and it works as advertised.  Tough no nonsense phone, that will stand up to some abouse.  I am hard on phones and have made this my primary phone.  Found out about this phone from a CNN article on "Zombie Phones" or rather emergency phones.  My old phone had trouble getting a signal and service was ok, this phone always has at least 2-3 bars of service when my other phone had no signal.  Battery life is decent right now it is 5-6 days but I think I can increase that by training the battery by letting run all the way down and then recharging it.  This phone does what was promised.  No bells and whistles, very limited texting ability, but good for making and recieveing calls.  For the price I recommend this to anyone.
8603	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked fine and the price was right.
You should also read the reviews for the silver model, since both phones are the same inside.
Can't stress enough how great it is to only carry one cable.
looks like the screen it's scratched, but was the plastic film to protect the screen.
Since I don't want to talk on the phone while I'm riding, I just switch off the phone while riding, and switch off the GPS and switch on the phone when I stop riding. Works for me. :)
2852	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping Product just as explained in the description.

So I started to hunt down external batteries - especially for those long flights when I was in the middle of an audio book or new series of TV shows and blimmpppp there goes the battery. The first one I tried cost me $80 and never got to a full charge on the Iphone, only giving me an additional 3 hours of battery- big whoop - I still couldn't make it overseas. I tried another that promised 20 hours but it actually drained the Iphone!!! So imagine my surprise to find this Tecyer that cost half the price and charges like a champ! It is a fast charge too. I can't say how long it lasts but I have gone past 25 hours using video and audio and it hasn't run out. It got me back and forth across the country, over to Germany and France and now I plan to take it to South America. I highly recommend this unit. It is slightly smaller than the Iphone and lighter, and because it doesn't connect directly onto the Iphone but through a cord I can keep the phone in its case.
5293	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got 2 of these for 2 chocolates I have that I lost the power cords for. I got them in the mail and plugged them right in and they started charging right away with no problems. The only downside I could see is they feel a little flimsy but they get the job done and as long as I don't go throwing these around or treating them like garbage they will last a while.

I have a slight audio discrimination problem, which makes it hard for me to hear over noise. This headset has a leatherette ear cushion that fits over the ear, blocking most noise. It can also be turned quite loud, uncomfortably so. This is great, because you are never wanting for volume.
SE: 10/10 Shine: 2/10 (absolutely pitiful for a phone be so lackluster in features)
3130	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	broke right away

7677	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exacty what I expected and wanted! I am very picky when it comes to cell phones... I don't want flip phones, I don't like full keyboard phones and I wanted a flat and compact phone with business applications and tools. For decades I am a convinced and happy Nokia user - It just never dissapoints when you know what you want!
1655	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Having had the Motorolla HT850, I liked its light weight and ease to turn on but it was never loud enough for driving.  The Plantronics 510 is very loud and fits well. My only negative is the small power on switch.  All in all, I vote for the Plantronics
1812	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product does what it is advertised to do.  It will take an acceptable outside signal and bring it inside.  It does not create or boost the outside signal and the range inside might be less than you hoped.  Works great for a single office but I doubt you'll be satisified for an 1800+ sq ft home.
Fairly comfortable; I'll have to get used to the "in the ear" but so far so good.


4346	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	A VERY GOOD DEVICE BUT IT FEELS A LITTLE TIGHT FOR MY HEAD!  IT WORKS GREAT WITH MY MOTOROLA Q8 BUT IT SEEMS A LITTLE TOO TIGHT.  OTHWISE, ITS OK!
Well, back to the search for a product that will charge with the case still on!
My iPod 5G's screen started to experience horizontal dead pixels or something so I checked this out on the ol' Amazon. The tools are really something to be desired, they are FLIMSY. Tried the first green plastic tool to dislodge the clips and the blade had worn out on the first run. Same thing with the second one, ended up using a small flat-head screwdriver and took my time.
The 1 megapixel camera will sometimes come in handy when I don't have my real camera with me. The quality is on par for mobile phones, but not comparable to using a dedicated camera.

Note: I did abide by the distance requirements called for by each manufacture and those called for by the FCC. I only operated my cell in close proximity only to perform my tests. At no time should you operate your equipment outside the limitations set forth in the user's manuals.
8894	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am not always near a power source that I can utilize throughout the day, and this small device saves the day by keeping my iPhone 5 up and running. Great to have, and I recommend it fully!


This is definitely a great headset to grab if you're looking for one that just works. If you're looking for style... you might want to look elsewhere.

I would recommend it to persons who use their phone a lot.
Overall, this device was just all around disappointment for me. If it had design flaws, but worked exceptionally well, I could maybe overlook them. If it was designed well, but just didn't work really well in my area, maybe it's for someone else. I hate giving extremely negative reviews, but I really can't even come up with a solid reason this should deserve two stars.
8423	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ive had the mount for a couple weeks and so far it works great. I read some of the other reviews saying it shakes which i don't know how you could avoid that since the whole car is moving. it hasent fallen down or anything. So far it does what it says. it is cheap but thats to be expected for the price. my only complaint was putting it together was annoying. other then that it really is FINE I sell these at my job that are the same quality for 30$ or more so really its not THAT bad.
addition to my road warrior gear.

2669	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i do like this product. work well,and versatil you can use in the car and home the same cord.i do recomend this produt

6036	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this product, but was somewhat hesitant because of the "i" in the front of the name.  It seems most items with "i" in front of the name are catered toward iPhones, iPods, and i-everything else.  I figured being an external battery pack, I'd give it a shot...as it said in the description that it worked with my Samsung Galaxy Note 2.  I received it and tried it out, and it did charge my cell phone without any issues.  In fact, it has a small amount of battery charge left in the external battery pack and my phone was at about 60%.  I didn't think it would last long, but I plugged my phone into the device anyway.  Before I knew it, my phone was up to 95% battery charge.  I was quite surprised.  I'm an IT guy and not the first to jump to the instructions when I get a new "toy"..  So when I was playing with the button...pressing it, holding it down, etc., I discovered how to turn on the laser pointer...and my cat started chasing it.  I hadn't even realized that it not only is an external battery pack and LED light, but also a laser pointer...great for pets too!  Overall, I'm pretty happy with this purchase.
2488	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Head set not very comfortable. Static most of the times. Very dissappointed.
* Wi-fi and edge data works perfect to access the web
First off the design of the product is very nice, I do like it better than their old IMP70D which has a flat design and is very hard to just stick in your pocket, mind you it is still an awesome device just has a little bit different of a purpose.  The battery pack has a very sleek sort of design; it feels very good in the hand and pocket. The satin finish does a pretty good job of resisting fingerprints but it's not perfect, you can still see fingerprints which can get a little bit annoying but they are pretty easy to wipe off But what I can say it that it does not scratch very easily because after my week of heavy use there are no major scratches and the only scratches there are you have to look over it very hard to see.. The finish on the outside also aides in getting it in and out of your pocket because slightly it's slippery.

I know I could probably return these, but for how cheap they are, its not worth the hassle to package them up and pay for return shipping.
6383	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product works as advertised.  It is very sturdy, looks good and seems to protect my phone.  Thats what truly matters so I am good with it.



And when a call comes through, I don't need to jam this thing further into my ear with the call button to answer it. I just extend the little mic boom, and it connects. Others mention that this action can pull the thing out of your ear. But with the Ety eargel it has a good snug fit that stays secure.
3. The unit will ONLY use its own Adapters - See #2!
3403	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought the cables, plugged them in, turned on my Wii, and it works.  Nothing to complain about at all.  The price is amazing too!  I was able to buy a game with the money I saved.
  a.  Switching modes is not impossibly hard put is based on holding button for period of time for
4702	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got these for overseas and it does a great job.  This is compact, easy to use and well worth the price!
6798	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Genuine Energizer watch batteries - cannot beat the price for the number of batteries you get.  Worth getting in bulk, especially if your family has a lot of watches; amazing how many share the same battery size

off the device.
9502	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked like a charm!  Went from 1-2 bars to 4-5!!
1043	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product. High quality. Recommend.
I bought it to use on my motorcycle for the voice instructions from a TomTom GO 720 GPS. I really like the GPS, and use it a lot in my car, but its output options for audio on a motorcycle are really limited. It does do bluetooth, but only to a device that self identifies as a 'HiFI stereo device'. Helmet-ready 'HiFi stereo' kit is seriously expensive, given the need for sound isolation (=earplugs). The Jabra BT3030 works perfectly for this application. The supplied earphones provide sufficient ear-plug effect, and are comfortable for long periods (hours) under a helmet. They also provide good quality stereo sound. For me, for this application, this is an excellent, sensibly priced solution.
4246	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product and super fast shipping.
1213	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I hardly ever use it, had it for 3 months, sound was okay. Buttons on/off, voume up and down hard to manage on your ear. All that was cool, I just needed it for the car occasionally with my blackberry.

3616	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The mix of smooth and ridged surfaces is a nice touch aesthetically and it also helps to keep a nice grip as all smooth can be a bit slippery. The case fits like a glove and all the holes and cuts outs fit the various ports perfectly. The price on this item is hard to beat and it arrived quickly. I haven't tried it with any of the fun NFC features yet, but I'm not anticipating any problems.
9840	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The picture shows a retail bubble pack. These are from a large pack where you rip off however many you need. With that said, they work fine and it was a good deal. And the seller shipped them quickly.


3324	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly, nice and long, allowing me to hide it effectively.  Picture quality definitely improved.

I've had this thing for several days and I find myself refilling it almost every night because it gets used so much! :)
5329	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This barrier is perfect for my ford escape and allows me to bring my dog anywhere easily without having to lug his huge crate around. He is a year old 65lb black lab and this barrier works well to keep him in the back of my car. I gave it four stars because the instructions were hard to follow and we found some typing errors which meant we pretty much had to put the thing together ourselves. It was fine but took a bit longer. Once it was put together, it was easy to install in the car with two people and doesn't effect my driving.
Larry

3. None of the Bluetooth headsets are outstanding as they are very small, so do not assume that it is supposed to do everything and anything.

1875	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	You'll notice as you read these reviews that though they are supposedly by different people, a lot of the phrases in their reviews are like cut & pasted from one to the other.  Comments like bad reception in the basement, or other things are word-for-word the same.  So although I don't own one of these phones (yet), since I had to rate the phone to post this notice about the phony reviews, I'm giving it a 5 to help counteract the duplicate bad reviews I read.
8966	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We frequently travel to our cabin which doesn't have electricity.  If I use my phone very much, the battery charge is down to the point I cannot use the phone.  Without turning on a car or when we're on a walk, I cannot use the phone.  With the external charger, I can recharge the phone and have it available.  This is an easy product to use and practical.
Packaging - The box arrived safely and as I have witnessed in the pack New Trent's packing always gives the impression your getting a quality product. Plenty of product information and a flip out part to provide even more detail. Inside you will find  a plastic insert holding the battery and it's accessories and a product manual. In the case of the iTorch you get the battery, micro USB Cable, a Galaxy Tab Converter cable and a soft pouch to store everything in. The iTorch is charged via USB but can be charged on an AC wall adapter but it is not included.
4298	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product really works great. I do not need to have an uncomfortable Bluetooth device in my ear while driving. Really clear and everyone tells me it sounds just like I was on my phone. Great Job Moto
5725	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace a broken, non-rotating clip for a Cellet case I really like for my Motorola Razr.  The old one broke because it kept getting hung on chairs, seatbelts, etc.  I can rotate this one out of the way and can get to the phone whenever I need to.  The rotating clip should come standard on all cases, even if they have to supply both kinds.  How much can it cost them, 20 cents?
The other reviewer does not understand that his cell phone battery can store more energy than 2AA batteries. These chargers will add a couple hours of talk time but not fully charge your phone. If you need to fully charge your phone I would suggest a normal charger because these would take too many batteries for normal use.

- Very good reception -- an improvement over prior phone from a couple years ago
9553	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We had some dead spots of signal at my dad's office.  It was not a thing of a single carrier because all were equally affected, and they just kept saying "Sorry we can't take responsibility".  So I investigated a little and found this kind products.  Then made a further investigation in order to decide which model to buy.  At the end I chose this one and I'm very glad I did.  It includes absolutely all that we needed in order to install it.  Its positioning will need a little trial and error but we finally found a sweet spot and so far we have solved all of our problems.  100% recommended.
4299	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I'd used Blueant products for at least 3 years before I lost my device. I tried to wait it out in hopes to find it and I did... It had been ran over in a parking lot, I knew right away that I would continue to used Blueant products because of my great experience in the


1) Sound and voice quality are fine, but this thing is way too sensitive to wind.  I can't use it outside if there is any wind current, and even the air currents from my car's AC or heat are too much for it.

At work, I can have my cell phone (Motorola V365) connected via Bluetooth and setting up high enough that it can pick up a decent signal while I am moving around in poor signal areas. Further, I keep my phone's ringer on 'silent' so coworkers don't know when I receive a phone call. The headset simply beeps in my ear, and I click it to take the call. If I am in a meeting or the boss is talking to me, I simply let it beep in my ear 4 or 5 times until the call goes to voicemail. No one even knows I had a call coming! If I am on the phone and someone important walks up to say something, I can easily stop responding to the person on my headset. They get the point pretty quickly, because they can hear the person I am talking to just about as clearly as I can!
5751	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The application is tedious and you have to be careful not to get air bubbles, but when done right you cant even tell you have the screen protectors on! A great accessory for my Voyager!
5934	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I really loved this when I first got it. It charged well and the battery lasted a long time. When I went to charge it a second time it would not charge. I do not know if mine was just defective or what but I had to return mine.


3808	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The product works as expected and I would purchase the item again.
9585	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Given as a gift to someone who had reception problems at home. I set it up and no more needed to be done, it has worked for them very well. Limited coverage in the house is the only issue, but they can make calls from the house now, which was impossible before.
8521	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price on a product that is usually out of stock locally.

With the standard battery, this case fits very nicely. I can still open up my Voyager and it opens all the way if needed.
7533	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great price, holds phone snugly, fits well on belt, goes on easy too.  Good deal for someone looking for a way to carry note 4



2072	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This unit works perfectly.  The only issue I had (my fault) is that I did not measure the required 20ft of separation between both antennas.  Once I moved them a full 20ft apart the unit worked instantly and perfectly.

4472	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love the new plantronics voyager 855. It pairs great with my Nokia N82. My only gripes are that the call/talk button can be difficult to press and the audio quality is good but not great. For audiophiles, the 855 won't cut it. But I think I can safely say that no BT headset has great audio. If fidelity is what you want, you favorite headphones are better suited for the job, but if you want to walk around town, make calls, and listen to tunes this headset is awesome. It has great audio isolation and decent sound quality.


6257	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this item earlier 2011. It's been a life saver in many situations especially when I traveled. I am using this device for smart phones that I also use it as MP3 player, video player, GPS on the road, WIFI hotspot to share data with my tablet...etc. The tiny internal phone battery just won't last for a few hours. With IMP500 huge 5000mah capacity, I don't need to get near a computer or AC outlet for a few days on a trip.
- charges an iPhone 4S more than twice before needing to be recharged
3597	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I didn't expect this to hold up very well but I really like it.  I've had it for a few months now and it's held up great.  I didn't think I'd be comfortable having a phone in a case like this and talking on it but it's fine.


5732	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The cable worked great. Was able to retrieve info from phone. The the vendor supplied a quick service. Good job!
874	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent sound for the price. Much higher volume than similar SoundPeats headset. Bought SoundPeats headset and Cosmos travel case. The Motorola Buds are longer and too large for Cosmos case. Anybody with Buds found a travel case that they will fit in????
9200	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my iPhone but as most people know, their battery life isn't the best.  I didn't want to buy a semi-permanent fixture to my phone to extend the battery life either.  I found the IMP500!  It is the perfect iPhone companion.  It is small enough to fit in my pocket or briefcase, it's capacity is large enough to charge my phone from almost being dead to full charge more than few times, and with its' USB port, I am also able to charge my bluetooth headset.  When you're done charging, you simply put it away!  One cable charges the device itself, then is used to charge your phone.  I love this thing so much that I don't leave the house without it.  I even got one for my brother-in-law for Christmas and now he tells all his friends about it too.  Trust me, THIS is the external battery you want for your iPhone.  Now I want to buy their external laptop battery.....

2247	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Working Perfect, i like it,thank you very much.
The charging interface is micro USB and there is a glow light that glows red when it's under 50% capacity, yellow over 50% and green when fully charged.
3704	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works as it should. Keeps pack in place nicely and far better than the built in holders.
466	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	perfect!
Works ok, but only a 3 hardness.
Some of the folks on here seem upset that you can't copy the card.  Can you imagine the clones for sale on eBay.  Part of life.  This is much better than the $10 per month service you get from Sprint.  The card is paid for in less than a year. Works out in the county with no cell phone service, a big deal to me... I love it.
freezes sometimes
I gave it 4 stars as there is still room for improvement.


1676	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have used this headset with my Nokia 6620 and with my PC, and it works great with both, switching back and forth easily by telling either the PC or the phone to connect with it.  Light crackling on occasion when 802.11b is active in the area, but not terribly noticeable.  Sound quality is great indoors.  The great thing is the comfort; I find that I can wear it all day long, even though it's not the smallest or lightest headset.
Another advantage is that this screen smudges MUCH less compared to the original iphone screen and so it doesn't look that bad. (still you need to clean the surface with moist paper or something once in a week or so).
9143	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is a life saver. For those times when the smartphone just will not last an entire day, this product helps me out.  I like how the cable that chargers your phone also serves as the cable that chargers this spare battery.  That is a nice touch that keeps me from having to carry too many cords.  This device is about the same size as a smartphone but has the thickness of a deck of cards. I find though that I can easily put this battery and my smartphone easily into my coat or suit jacket pocket without issue to allow the phone to charge.  The indicator lights on the battery seem accurate, both to display the charging status of the spare batter itself and the discharge rate when it is charging my phone. My only wish for this product is that it would supply 1A instead of 600mA, in order to charge the smartphone faster.  Overall, this is a great product.

* The original N95 (a.k.a. N95-1, a.k.a. RM-159) targeted mainly the European and Asian markets; while it had quad-band GSM (2G) support for use in nearly every country, including the USA, it had support only for the international W-CDMA (UMTS/HSDPA, a.k.a. 3G/3.5G) frequency (commonly referred to as UMTS-2100).  Nonetheless, this phone was later made available for retail in the USA as well, through Nokia's flagship stores, online site, and 3rd party retailers.  It had manual shutter lens protection (you would slide it open to start the camera), 64MB of runtime/dynamic memory (RAM), and a 900 mAh battery.  Common complaints about this phone was that it would often run out of memory when several applications were open, and that the battery life was too short.


They took it back as a return with no problem.  I don't know if the one I received was defective, or if it just doesn't work in the conditions in my townhouse.
4203	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Quite simply, the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset totally rocks!  Believe me, I've gone through quite a few Bluetooth headsets in the last couple of years, and so I have quite a few to compare this one to.
It is a bargin @ $5.99 Each.
3029	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This module is a must have, if you want to keep your existing door chime/on-star audio, when replacing the stock radio with a after market receiver. (As I did in our 2005 Chevy Trailblazer) The directions were clear, and easy to follow.


5493	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	My phone would not comfortably fit in this. While I understand you want it to be snug so it does fall out, it was more of a workout to get it in and out of the case then the actual workout. Then after only about a month of running with it, jamming my phone in it and yanking it out everyday the thing was stretched out and useless. I did not enjoy this arm band

1345	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As someone who used the original Palm Pilot and eventually the Handspring Visor with Visor phone, I thought off and on about buying the Treo 650. The very mixed, sometimes extreme, reviews of the 650 and the relatively high price for an unlocked Treo kept me away. With the release of the next generation of Treos drmatically forcing down the price of the 650 I decided to take a chance. After a week of fairly active use I have to say that I am extremely pleased with my new Treo. I bought my new unlocked (Cingular branded) Treo online. The phone clarity is as good as any mobile phone that I have owned. I have not had any dropped calls. The browswer and e-mail client that came loaded on my Treo work well. I live in a country where the fastest mobile data connection is still GPRS/EDGE, so my Tro 650 is just right. I easily synced my Treo with my MacBook with no problems. Over all for $225 + shipping and handling of $20 I have to say that this was a real bargain.
3177	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I saw this product on Droid Forums and thought it might work for me.  Bought two sets and was pleasantly surprised.

Buy a different headset -- this one works, but it's not very good.
The only reason it didn't get a '5' is because it takes too long to put on my ear.. though I specifically chose this style since it won't fall off easily and is comfortable to wear, even with glasses.
2178	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I've had to reinstall this software dozens of times. I finally figured out how to get it to work right. First off, you need to be connected to the internet as you install this. (Catch 22 if you planned on using your phone for that.) The main reason is so that you can update the software. I have a V3x which took several updates before it found the phone. (And I had to find the USB driver for my V3) In order to get it installed with vista, you might have to right click the moto desktop icon and "run as admin". After you get it working, you pretty much have to follow things in order when using the software. You have to plug the phone in, launch phone tools, use it, when done, close program, remove from PC. If you skip steps, esp if you're using he phone for internet, you run the risk of having to reinstall everything over again. Sometimes rebooting will help if it "cant detect the phone" after pulling the phone out before closing the program. Software is flakey, not user friendly but does work. Id bump the star up if I could but not over 3.

One last little "Gee Whiz" feature- the vibro-alert.  Since I want my phone on the charge/sync cradle whenever possible, this feature really excites me.  Instead of being required to actually wear the headset at all times to avoid missing a call when the phone is in the other room, this headset has a vibrate feature to notify me of an incoming call.  I call this a "gee whiz" feature because I never knew I needed it until I had it!
 - second ear bud is removable
4937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
I only wish I had discovered Blackberry sooner!

I tried the Jawbone after reading a number of reviews.
6107	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After using the New Trent Enerpak USB chargeable 12000 mAh heavy duty charger, I wanted something for the shorter trips and to top off my devices.  I received the IMP52D iTorch.  At the time, my Ipad was at 70% and this wonderful little charger brought it to 100% in 1 hour and 38 minutes.  The charger showed 75% remaining.  I then charged my Iphone.  It took 1hour and 59 minutes, leaving 25% on the charger.  No complaints here.  I keep it charged at all times to top off my Ipad, Iphone and Kindle Fire.
Utilizes bluetooth A2DP, so some of your BT devices may not see this.  Check before you assume all BTs work with all other BTs, for that is NOT the case here.  Namely the Mac does not work without some hacks or additional hardware.
5406	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its a good price for a car charger for my Pearl (8130) and i love it because it is neat, and i don't have wires everywhere in my truck ^_^
Using for a Intermec 5200 scanning device for work which you can't get a ZAGG for
8530	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very utilful to my car i like so much and I recomend it.
Great product. I'd recommend it to anyone needing a business phone.
Another change (for me) is that the picture appears a bit brighter.  The colors are vivid, as before, and a bit lighter, especially the whites.  You could get a similar effect with the standard cable by adjusting your TV's controls, and if you don't like the brightness with the component cable, you could tone it down the same way.
I've had no troubles of any kind with my phone as well.  I have less than no interest in some of the features that some reviewers regret not having, like a camera.
So when I found out that the Kindle 2 tip was a MicroUSB tip, I decided to give it a try.
The deal breaker:

As of 5/22/08 I'm about ready to hurl this from the roof. The UI is just too inconvenient. I've also had to replace the battery once.
Speaker is low quality (I tried other V600's and experienced the same)
The flimsy battery door, short battery life, no bundled stereo headphones are the only cons I can think of. And no stereo bluetooth. Hence the 4 stars instead of 5.
3) Music player is unable to delete albums.  When deleting, the songs are deleted, but the albums remain which clutters the phone.  I get this error if I try to delete albums:  error: "General: Feature not supported"
7970	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this phone about 6 months and for the most part I really like it.  Good sound quality including the speaker phone.  I like being able to pickup my email when I'm away from home.  Charges much faster than my previous phones and seems to hold a charge for quite a while.
1- You will only get a boosted signal from the base unit ONLY if the receiving antenna has a strong signal. I have 2 bars in my attic, where the receiving antenna is installed, and the coverage range from the base unit is only anywhere from 2 inches to 3 feet from the base unit.

7783	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very simple, sturdy design. I have tried a few headsets and this one is easy to put on, stays put, and sounds great. A couple of times when flipping open the boom to turn on, the unit will connect and then disconnect and will keep doing this until I leave a certain area. Not sure if there are some things that cause interference but not a major issue. Much easier to put on and use than the newer jawbone 2.....also easier to put in a pocket.....not as fragile.

3558	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	helps alot
The Razr V3 has enough options for me that I use it almost like a PDA.  The alarm clock feature is great since I can set lots of different alarms and enable/disable them and even assign different ringtones to each of them.  It has a datebook with popup reminders.  It also has limited browser capability.  Of course, it has the usually features such as extra information on the people in the phone book, text messaging, changing wallpaper, speed dial, notepad, etc.
Battery uses USB connection port, so be sure to have charging cable that charges your phone/device.
I doubt the phone is not from Moto, its just says Moto, the build quality is so worst.
4542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this item because Plantronics has had an excellent reputation in the audio arena.
I run distances of 10 miles or more and stream my music via bluetooth to my sunglasses.  This case does not hinder the signal.
which is  half the promising power




9118	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As I was unpackaging the product, I was already pleased by it.  The construction was very well and felt of very high quality.  The battery charger was not as heavy as I would have imagined and I knew it would not be a problem to carry around.  What was also a plus side on convenience was that I would still be able to use my original phone holsters and cases which I saw may become a problem with using one of those rechargeable cases.  This charger holds a good amount of juice and in one instance I was able to not only charge my phone but another persons as well with the charger still having some energy left for another phone to be charged, not to mention it seems to charge just as fast as using a wall charger.
3930	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Powerful! It is very relaxing to stand under this as the water pours down like rain. It is able to be placed rather high too, since it can bend upward. It was a little pricey for being plastic, but I am very happy with the purchase. Even though its plastic, it seems well built. I have had it for over a year and its still working great. I would recommend it if you are looking for a rain style shower head.
8749	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got it for emergency used when I was working in a very harsh environment! The phone is basic but doing its job VERY GOOD! Battery used to last about 7 days without charging and with more than average use. Have got a small sleeve for it and it was dropped many times. Still in the drawer. It makes a good basic phone for making and receiving calls.
4844	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Poor quality for other person on the line to hear...happens with all calls..dont waste your money...spend more
Well, this phone doesn't disapoint. There's external music controls and an external volume control. You can turn it up loud enough to annoy the people next door if you really try. There's also a headphone jack that, thankfully, allows for normal headphones to be used. I have a neat little set I got on a Delta flight, and they work just fine.
2. The unit came with 1 Micro-USB Adpater - too short to be flexible, if you like your charged device to lay flat, this is NOT the answer!

4931	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this thing worked great idk how long it will last but for the money i cant complain it looks just like the picture made well
This is an expensive product in the signal boost market, but it is very easy to use and if you use your cell phone as your land line, and need a stronger signal, I recommend this. It comes with everything you need for mounting it in any of the three recommended locations - at a window, outside on the siding of your house, or on a poll on the roof.
- The styling and the chrome trim looks cool!

7613	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought 2 of these batteries for my wife's and my phone (Motorola Razr V3i).
8729	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works perfectly, just took forever to get to me through shipping. Runs great though and is a great improvement from the last one that I had that had sand caught around the ball... talk about a pain!

9483	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have used the similar product designed for in the house for a couple of years, and it works fine.  This one does, too.  The install is mostly a matter of routing the cable so you can install the little external antenna, which has a strong, magnetic base.  As others have done, I mounted it in the back of my Expedition near the rear window, and it seems to work fine.  I glued a metal washer to a flat spot on the passenger side near the back window and stuck the antenna to that.  The holder for the phone goes near the driver.  To use this, you put your phone in the holder.  It only works when the phone is in the holder, which is fine, and I got two bars increase (I live in a pretty remote part of Arizona).  Simple to use -- just put the phone in the holder and put it on speaker.  If your phone works through your radio, that would be great.  I took off one star because the adjustable arms which hold the phone don't expand far enough to fit my Galaxy S III with the Otterbox case on it.  Other than that, It's great!  My wife has the same phone with a thinner case, and hers fits fine.
Games?  I play Doom, Star Trek, and a tank game.  Lots of fun..

I bought one from Amazon (different seller), one from GameStop and now this one from Amazon.
I like that the BlackBerry screen is visible when it is in the cradle so I can see my email and phone calls. Due to the weight and the rubberized base this is a very stable base, which allows you to still use the BlackBerry when seated in the base.
USB 2.0 hub; but I still needed functionality to handle more than 4 ports, AND ... with two 2TB external disk drives, and other goodies, attached to my laptop, I needed a powered hub. What initially caught my eye was (as another reviewer commented) the "juke box" appearance. I was somewhat disappointed that the green port indicator lights were just green lights and didn't function as true indicators to let me know which port(s) were active at the moment. And, like another reviewer, I like having a port on the face of the hub. I use a lot of micro SD cards from my digital cameras, PDA, digital voice recorder, etc., and having a port on the front let's me plug in a micro USB reader and pop those micro cards in and out as I need them (I'm running Windows 7, so I don't need to ask Windows to "remove" them for me). Data transfers among the hub attached devices is 100%, no lapses, no losses. I'm very happy with this CyberPower hub. I think you will be too.
2868	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the best investments I've made so far to my personal music studio... seriously, no Schiit!
1881	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this product not knowing what I got into, but it was worth the risk!!  It's fits PERFECTLY on the Razr and it keeps it clean on both the inside and outside screens!! I have no complaints about it and I HIGHLY RECOMMEND that you get this if you get or already have a Razr!!!!!!
UPDATE APRIL 20, 2012
3723	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
There are 2 versions, a 1900/850mhz version that will work IN THE UNITED STATES ONLY with a GSM provider like T-Mobile and AT&, and a 1800/900mhz that will NOT work in the US, it is meant for use in countries that use those frequencies. If you are dumb enough to purchase the US version and expect it to work in France or whatever hell hole you visit, you deserve to lose the money.
3962	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered the Blue Ant X5i from Shopcell - an Amazon market place vendor. While the product was delivered promptly enough, alas - it wouldn't even switch on.
  WHY CAN'T YOU BUY A SIMPLE CELL PHONE ANYMORE!! WHY THE RIDICULOUSLY AWFUL CAMERA and VIDEO FUNCTION?! For $150.00 you can get a great stand alone SMALL GOOD digicam by any of a half dozen brand names. Talk about crappy and worthless addons! Even with all this, I do like the RAZR and I'd give it a 3.75 of 5.  Not because it's all that good...it's just that all the rest are mediocre too.
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.


3# Because the Treo's are so popular the prices for accessories, software, add-on's, ect are Much cheaper then those for the other types of smart devices on the market. There is even talk by Palmone to start using Linux as the Palmsource software core, so there will be even more software available. And because Linux is open source, the phones will eventually be cheaper then those running the Microsoft Pocket PC. With the added bonus of the dependability of Linux!


2. Looks great on the ear.
The fit is generally good. There's three different foam/plastic earphone pieces. None fit perfectly but close enough and comfortable enough to wear for the better part of an hour with no problem.

6481	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
156	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for an inexpensive charger for my device so I looked on Amazon.  Found this one and bought it and it is doing the job just fine.
So to sum-up:
AMAZON_- you should be screening these sellers and addressing these issues. There are a ton of posts under every single one of the Motorola Razr battery listing that say they got bad or counterfeit batteries.
I've had this thing for several days and I find myself refilling it almost every night because it gets used so much! :)

1) the DSP apparently enhances what I hear against background noise. I can hear better with this than any other (wired or wireless).
6105	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bought this for some extra ipod time on my plane trip to france last year. gives you about 2 extra charges on an ipod and about 1 1/2-2 charges for iphone. easy to use.
I do the math and I am spending about $9 a month and I still don't use all the minutes I get. Thumbs up.
I have really weird shaped ears and can never find any in-ear bud style headphones that work.  This comes with three sizes of cushions, the default work perfect for me.  This headset, which I originally purchased to be used under my motorcycle helmet, have become my everyday use headphones.  I wear them at work and the base fits hidden perfectly under a collared shirt.
9436	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this with the intention of using it in my camper when I am in an area with known bad reception. Being winter and here in Colorado with the snow depths in the mountains camping is not desirable. SO, I wanted to try this thing out so if it was a dud I could return it. Went up to a known spot where I get really bad reception, mounting the outside antenna just outside of my truck and plugging the unit in to a small power inverter in the cab. I was very pleased to see my AT&T phone go from 1 bar and not able to make reliable calls to FULL bars and very clear calls. So here is the downside (or upside) to the unit.
in a world of wireless. in order to use the products we buy, we always need juice and be plugged into the wall way to often. so, using this power pack frees me from being close to an outlet.
It actually out lasted to sets of headphones. lol

All and all, this is a perfect replacement battery and the price was extremely reasonable.  I would highly recommend this battery from this supplier.
6879	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Fast shipping via Amazon prime. Batteries are first rate, and work well. Super value!

1245	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The HS850 is larger than the H700 series and does not have a USB charger.  Other than that, it seems to work fine.
DISSAPOINTED IN PLANTRONICS!!
* WiFi (802.11g) with WEP, WPA/WPA2, and EAP/802.1x authentication (for corporate environments)

I've used the IMP500 several times recently. I'm quite pleased at how much power it provides. I've recharged my iPod Touch 3g up to 3 times on a single charge and the charge lights indicated there was still 1/2 its power remaining. One day I didn't properly insert my iPod Touch in the charging base and had planned to use it quite a bit that day. No problem. I just grabbed the IMP500 and took it with me so no lack of iPod that day.

Clear even with distance


3145	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Cellet Universal Car Vent or Dash Mount Phone Holder with Adjustable Grip  not good to buy this product easy broker
After our new batteries arrived and I got them fully charged all misery above was gone.  Both our batteries only get charged once a week now.  I can leave my bluetooth on all day and make several long calls via bluetooth with plenty of power to spare.

5058	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This item gets a dry-joint in the iphone side of the connection in a few short weeks. And then you're stuck with it.
still showed a status of "full" after charging the iPhone. I feel this is a beautiful compact, external power source
-*The idle/key lock screen is always the black screen with the time that you can't change.
Overall I love this product and would recomend to anyone.
1799	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this with my Pro-Ject Debut Carbon turntable and am very happy with it. It's a cinch to setup (don't forget to ground!) and the company got it out to me long before the estimated arrival - I believe I received it in only 3 days.
5926	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thnks
6590	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Its operation is fair at best.  You have to be pretty close to the antenna  to get bars.  I really don't think its worth the price.
I found the H710 to be the worst of the three.  It's performance in noisy conditions doesn't compare well to the others.  It's fit is the worst, at least on my ear.  The H710 is definitely the loudest of the three, which could be a boon for many headset wearers.  Just don't plan on using it in very noisy situations.
I would expect the Jawbone to work better at this price and got hyped up by so many users... hopefully something better at a reasonable price will come up by the time I have to replace the Jawbone.

* Mount near the center of the vehicle's roof.

6068	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this product in my post box 4-15-2013.  Firstly, I have to say I was concerned with the packing.  It was in its original box.  That box was in a bubble wrap envelope.  I inventoried every thing and was thankful  that All of the parts were in it and not damaged.
con has the old plug in not the mini usb power plug
5483	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great item! Many of my associates don't even notice that my phone is in a "cover". This is easy to use and has protected my phone from many accidental drops!
1400	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got it for my son, he still using it, so it must be good.

JIS "0" No special protection
8 months after purchase the phone would automatically reboot itself everytime the internet was accessed. What a waste.

I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.
Be careful before you buy it.
Again, nothing but praises about my little beetle! You won't want to squish this one!!

Ease-of-Use:  This headset was easy to pair with my Motorola KRZR and the main things I do (hanging up, answering calls, and adjusting volume) are simple and intuitive.  Only problem is that if you don't hold buttons for the correct length of time, it can perform the wrong function.  For example, pressing the call button once activates voice dialing, for 1 second redials your last call and 3 seconds turns it off.  I've done my share of accidentally redialing.
3512	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.
I have a Gravity 2 and this cable works with my phone (or it did until a bear ate it or whatever).  It did everything it was supposed to, including charging the phone while it's plugged in. So if you have a USB adapter for your car or wall, you can use this cord as a charger as well. And it's practically free. Sweet!
7277	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great item at a reasonable price, great delivery, great source I would recommend and or purchase items again.
64	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to highly recommend this seller>I had a slight issue with the product, and they offered a complete refund without having to send the product back:) I fixed the case, so there was no need for the refund. Thanks for being an honest company!!!!!!

PRO :  new flat antenna works with phones that no longer have a car adapter
DO NOT fully drain and DO NOT charge iTorch while charging phone (devices).  Both could damage iTorch and reduce its life.  Also charge fully before the 1st use.  I learned it from New Trent's website after I made those mistakes.  I also learned that iTorch shuts off automatically if it nearly fully drained, instead of waiting until it is fully drained. Regardless, I wish these were noted on the manual.
6455	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Became so hot it burnt my hand.  Don't think that's safe.
A calendar, alarm, games (poker...one of my favorites), are all easy to find and use too.
Second, I am using this Magni 2 in conjunction with a Modi 2 DAC from Schiit, and all is hooked up to a pair of Emotiva Airmotiv 5S self-powered desktop speakers, and a pair of Sennheiser HD600 headphones.  I've owned the Sennheisers for a few months, often listening to them on my Marantz CD6005 CD player, and the Schiit / Emotiva items for about three weeks.
7658	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have NO complaints on this one..bought a pink motorola bluetooth on here that was horrible with volume...couldnt hear anything..this one you can turn the volume up and can hear clearly...works great...stays on well...looks cool. Love it. My husband has the same one in silver and a coworker has one just like this one and all three of us love this product. Would buy again and would highly recommend.
4947	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Unit I got was same as pictured. It works great, fits my thick case without interference on my iPhone. This was a good value. I cannot speak for how long it will last but have no reason to question normal life. Great adapter to get big cord ends down to a size to fit the iphone with a case.
9150	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well.  Plenty of power for my iPhone 4s.  And the number of adapters is great.  It charges my Kindle Fire also.
- Takes about 10-15 seconds to get it on.
1681	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	While the list of things this phone doesn't have is _long_, what it does have is far more important.
8858	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received the ITorch battery backup several weeks ago. It is compact and comes with two cables of different sizes and a velvet carrying case. It takes about 1 to 2 hours to fully charge and then it is ready for use. The ITorch battery backup will charge your cell phone in about 1 to 1.5 hours. I have really enjoyed having a battery backup for my cell phone. It has came in handy several times when I did not have access to an outlet for charging. I even charged my phone while walking the track one afternoon. I really love the convenience of having it in my purse at all times and it is simple to use. The only cons are there is only one button for the battery, the laser and the flash light. Sometimes it is takes a few tries to get the laser to cut off and I have not been able to get my flash light to come on. I would add a few more buttons and then it would be perfect! I even bought one for my daughter and she loves it. Great product!
Overally great charger!
You can use ANY 3.5mm headphone in this device.  The sound quality is by no means perfect, but I thought it was pretty darn good.

The other feature I'd like to see is the on/off switch changed.  As it is, I plug the phone in, then turn the unit on to wake it up.  It turns itself off after the phone is unplugged a short while.  I'd like to see it maybe turn itself on automatically when the iphone is attached to charge (like the NT600C does).  And, maybe have a built-in plug like the NT600C as well.  The unit is so compact, but having to remember a separate USB cord and power supply is a pain.

Overall I like this headset better than H710 and you can get it much cheaper if you Google around.
2) I suspect this is a problem with the phone, but when a phone call ends, I usually have to reboot the phone to continue playback through the headphones, even though the devices remain paired.
5509	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality with excellent price
6903	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these batteries because I needed to change batteries in 4 watches. The batteries did the job and I should be goof for the next 4 years.
Some of you probably want to know about how it charges.  I use mine quite a bit for both personal and business, and it isn't rare for me to wear out the charge before the day is out.  I've only managed to drain my Jawbone twice, and it charges so quickly that I was able to use it again within an hour or so.  It comes with a cable that can charge through an electrical outlet or a USB port on a PC.  It does not have a car charger, but since I have a power inverter for my car, I can simply use it to charge it while driving should the need arise, so this isn't a deal breaker for me.
 * blue light 1 lights and stays on -
Cannot recommend.  Can recommend the Motorola H710 and H715.  They work great (until you run over them with your car.)
 I highly doubt their product warranty means anything to them or - or even if they will stand behind it.
The keyboard is nice and the screen is beautiful. No EDGE service where I live so the internet connection is very slow.
It is easy to use and powerful enough. Personally, this is sleekest design for pocket-friendly portability charger that I have ever seen in the market.

What else can I say....?

3063	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
All this by the way is with the same cell phone so it is a good one to one comparison.
173	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A very good car charger for your phones, charged my phone pretty quickly and quite affordable, I recommend it to anyone to have as a back up to your charger.
1192	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its a prepaid card
I've had one in the car and it bent so I bought another one...actually bought two tips.
2874	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very solid build quality and works like a charm. My only [very] minor complaint is the volume knob on the device is *slightly* off-center. It still works without any issues and it's barely noticeable unless you look at it head on. Other than that the product is fantastic.
OTHER COOL FEATURES:
mid day. Its affordable for anyone at just $30 which is almost half the
At this time, my wife decided to keep hers but she will give the second one to her girlfriend as a birthday present :)
-Poor music file management and access.
372	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome charging case!! I've referred lots of friends to buy one!!
2012	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	NEVER WORK, DONT BUY, THIS IS SALVAGE PRODUCT O R DEFECTIVE LOT OF PRODUCT, NO WONDER THE LOW PRICE. WATCH OUT DONT BUY!!
OVERALL RATING 2 stars (average of my phone and mp3 ratings)
BTW, I am not a midget - I am 5' 10 and weigh 160 lbs.  I have a fairly narrow face, but I think the bigger issue is that I have small earlobes.  If you have small earlobes (rather than pendulous ones) you may want to test fit this unit in a store before buying one here.  I wish I had...
7503	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it is lanky, bulky, heavy, but it works great. surprised it stays on the window just by itself. i use it for my evo with the extended battery and even through pot holes and bumps it stays on the window even when it shakes alot. i think i'm in love.....
*The phone and headset must be kept on the same side of the body for the best sound
8374	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I didn't plan on owning this product.  I have a Palm Pre and was just fine plugging a male-to-male 3.5mm connector into my phone to listen to podcasts in the car... until the phone got stuck in headset mode one day... well that's another story.  I have an aftermarket Sony Xplod radio that doesn't have Bluetooth, but does have an aux input.  So when I saw this product, I was pretty excited.  I read the reviews and saw the issues other people had with hissing and noisy calls, but figured I'd give it a try for a little over $20.  When it arrived, the instructions are little more than pictures. There isn't anything in the included instructions about pairing the remote with the cigarette lighter portion - I had to find that through this forum and through the Kensington FAQ.  However, it paired with my phone extremely easily, and after pressing the CENTER of the remote it also paired with the cigarette lighter.  The attached cable that is "cut off" in the pictures was just a little too short to reach from my cigarette lighter to the aux input on my stereo, but there was an included extension 3.5mm wire that allowed it to reach, although now I have this coil of extra wire under my dash. Sigh.  So, the moment of truth- play music through the phone.  Yes, it was very quiet and yes, when I had to turn up my stereo to hear the music, there was a loud hiss.  So, I was on the phone to customer service.  They needed a number from INSIDE the remote (not the cigarette lighter portion) to send out the ground loop isolator, but they agreed to send it out free of charge.  A few days later, I noticed that the volume on my phone's music player wasn't turned up... for some reason it reset to a low level when pairing with the Bluetooth?  But when I turned the phone up, I could turn my stereo down, and the hiss all but disappeared.  I will say that the sound is a slight bit "muddier" than the direct connect, it seems like the LiquidAux (or my phone, no way to tell) doesn't output very low frequencies as well, so the bass isn't quite as defined.  Again, that is before I adjusted the car stereo's equalizer to compensate.  I plugged my phone's charger into the charging port on the side of the LiquidAux and that worked fine.


*comfortable
4256	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this as a Christmas gift, so I don't know how good it is, however, I was refered to it by my son, as he has one. So we shall see. I will be giving it to my other son.

The difference between the KU990 and the KU990R is that the "R" version has a proper lens cover for the camera, while the 990 didn't. Also, some of the bugs have been worked out of the user interface and the scrolling functions. Other than that, it's the same animal as the KU990.
A few small improvements I would make would be to label which port is used for the input and which is for the output.  I know it lists it in the manual but people tend to throw those away and it would be nice so as you would not forget.  Also the way to turn on the LED flashlight and laser pointer can be a bit confusing.  It would be nice if a few basic instructions were printed on the back side of the battery telling you how to turn each on.  Other than that it was a great device.


-Good form, feels good in the hand
Ease of use
5838	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very easy to use. Love the fact that I can place it on my wrist and not have to wear a chest strap. Holds up for hours. Great buy.
FIT
3751	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As expected
Here's the REAL deal with this phone.  I have a feisty five year old with whom I once nearly had a heart attack around when her sitter wasn't answering the phone after 15 calls.  My heart was in my feet with anxiety, fear, anger - you name it, I felt it.  What happened?  They simply went to do laundry and the sitter left her phone.  While that 10 minute period felt like an eternity, all was well, but what if something truly had happened?  How would my baby let me know?
550	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the Cellular Innovations because I have used them for about six years with my other track and Boost mobile phones and received great reception.  When  I would remove the booster from my phone my calls would not go through as well when I would be in buildings, basement, under bridges or other poor reception areas. I rarely have call drops and the reception is smooth and clear. I can get a call through when other people have to look for a clear signal. I noticed that with my new Boost Mobile android phone without it the reception was good but with it the service was great. I have purchased several for family and friends over the years and they enjoy the clear reception too. It is important that you handle the antenna with care; put the booster in your phone with clean hands; and must be careful in placing it in the correct location as instructed to get the  best reception. It works best if you don't touch the antenna with your fingers, Hold it by the sides or edge; smooth it with a smooth flat card. I use my small library tag. If you put the antenna  into your phone incorrectly it will not work. I like to keep one on hand for a back-up to make changes after about six or seven months of use.  It also makes a nice gift to put into cards for that extra special touch.  The booster is a must have for less expensive phones and a big help for my android phone. I get the best of both worlds, low phone fees, and great reception with the Cellular Innovation antenna. Thanks
699	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Yet another bogus tax.  The biggest joke is Amazon wants us to rate it.  Well, I do not think anybody got any use out of this particular product.
2290	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i ordered this after much research and am totally satisfied with this product. i had a jabra bluetooth before which i liked alot but it fell apart over time.  the reception is greatly improved over the jabra and the sound is exceptional.  i did have a problem after i charged the headpiece with re-pairing with the phone but the customer service was excellant and called me back.  i didn't read the directions and it was a simple tap to re-pair after charging.  i think it's the best!!!!! would get it all over again!
2202	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I needed to buy my mother a new cell phone so I could cancel my account with my existing provider and still keep the same number. I was a Tracfone user a few years ago while I was in college, and I found their services to be good. I went to the store and saw this phone priced very low; not so long ago you had to pay $70 for a Tracfone, and now they have them for less than $20. I decided that since she wasn't going to use the cell phone very much, this would be a good way to go until I could find something else.
I have not tried this with my ipad, but when the iPhone plugs in, it says it puts out 1000 mAh.  It charges up the phone quite fast, and at the end of the night, it has charged my phone a couple of times and still has juice left.  I just plug it into my dual USB charger and leave it overnight, and it's good to go.
-horizontal hip design great for hip-slinging-on-the-go.
Obviously not for the person who wants a camera, radio, MP3 player, photo album, etc., etc., etc.
Having typed that, I am very, VERY pleased with this phone, and if you're on Verizon or wanting to switch, this is the phone for you.

1. The unit is completely made of plastic. While riding, the unit is in full sun--either mountain bike or motorcycle. I don't know how long before the plastic starts breaking down and falls apart.
4870	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I won't try to top the  Doc. from Washington's review. Same experience here. This is the fifth bluetooth device I've purchased and blows all the others away. My purchase of the H710 was on the strength of a friend's use of an H700. He was the only caller with a bluetooth ear device from whom I could hear every word clearly. This H710 is absolutely the best on everything from utility to comfort. Don't even consider any other. A rare home run from Motorola. Quite a contrast from my wife's crap Motor-oh-no V3m Razr phone. (In comparison to my Samsung U900, another winner)
All in all, I found that the N75 not only keeps ALL of my data from my calendar items (iCal) and Address Book but synchronizing is really simple and painless.  Using the phone is a bit more comprehensive and took some getting use to but once I learned how to use it, I can't be happier with the phone.



* Range is phenomenal!  I only have cell service in one part of my house, and I am able to leave my cell phone in that room and wander pretty freely from room to room with the headset on.
Here's the REAL deal with this phone.  I have a feisty five year old with whom I once nearly had a heart attack around when her sitter wasn't answering the phone after 15 calls.  My heart was in my feet with anxiety, fear, anger - you name it, I felt it.  What happened?  They simply went to do laundry and the sitter left her phone.  While that 10 minute period felt like an eternity, all was well, but what if something truly had happened?  How would my baby let me know?

The packaging says output is 600mA, but I'm showing it to be somewhat higher and netting up to 700 when the phone is mostly idle.  In moderately scientific testing, I'm able to charge a 1625mAh battery from 15% to full nearly twice (it died at like 92% on the second charge).  But more practically, it can provide positive charge during use for about 7 hours, which is pretty good.
1476	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this device a lot for it's ease of use, comfort and the clarity of conversation. It is easy for you to hear and even more importantly the other party hears you clearly also! I didn't  give it 5 stars because it disconnects too frequently without provocation. It connects easily has never lost signal during an active call,  but when idle it just disconnects for a while. This is definitely due to the device because my other devices ( motorola and Jabra ) did not do this with the same phone. However, in all other areas the Plantronics outshines those other two, especially comfort. I also have to say the price is not the best but simply worth it.
3629	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	So here's the dilemma...
3452	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I must say I was quite impressed with the quality of the mount. I saw the same product at the apple store for $45! Same exact one! So it was also a good bargain! Installation was easy and usage is as well. I love the fact that you can easily mold the mast around yet its very firm so it does not flop around when the car is moving. Tho if your car shakes a little you might find it hard to read but other than that, excellent product.


5085	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had my phone a couple weeks and love it!  I am still learning the features of the phone, but I am pleased to have so much loaded into such a small device.  The call quality is great.  The photo and video quality is good.  Plus TV and radio!  I added a 2G micro SD card and have lots of storage.  This is a great phone.  I am happy I purchased it and will recommend it to others.

983	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I get bad reception in my apartment and bought this hoping it would help, but unfortunately it doesn't not give me better recepetion AT ALL.

I will say that the 6263 has a very nice screen and a comfortable key layout.  If it weren't for the terrible voice quality and poor battery life, I would have given it at least four stars, maybe even five.
-Internal screen is a gorgeous 240x320 and razor sharp
5429	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	MORE THAN JUST THE CAMERA
Fit out of the box was almost perfect.  Just a minor adjustment of the earclip and it felt perfect.  After wearing most of the day, it is very comfortable.
Overall an excellent device.
10.  If you have read to the end, you are determined and should be rewarded.  You are a good person.
Lastly, I love the size of the 8700. I thought it would be a bit bulky but it's not. This version is about the same size as the 7290 Blackberry and fits nicely in your hand.
8626	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its very simple stick it on and go...I broke my clip on my mc50 holster and this was a great replacement!
-You can turn your head with no cords tugging, earbuds stay in the ears





8853	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My cousin came to visit me and brought this item to me. He said that he didn't understand why one would need such a device. But a power outage when his phone was on its last legs changed his mind. This item is so functional I find it indispensable in my daily "carry kit". It has a flash light and...a laser pointer? I'm not going to go there.
2750	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good
3059	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A really nice heavy duty case.  I'm glad I bought it.
6217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a very convenient device, its small and easily fits into your pocket.  Charges everything I throw at it. Not literally.  the laser pointer is a very cool feature especially if you have cats.  the flashlight also is a nice feature although i wish it were brighter.  Extremely easy to use, and does a great job charging my ipads and iphone.  I love the fact it small enough to go into my pocket and not be too big and bulky.  i bought one loved it so much and bought two more to keep the kids ipads charging.  i would highly recommend this product.  great bang for your buck when stacked up to competitors products.
5162	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The unit works well. It would get a 5 star rating if it had an AC charger rather than the car charger.


414	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly. Able to go 2-3 times longer before charging. Very happy with the results.

3303	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THANK YOU

  2.  The instruction manual is very awkward.  I couldn't understand how to turn the LED light on.  I also didn't like the labeling of the included cables.  Makes you think you can only use them with the Android devices.
1808	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was considering the purchase of a USB turntable to archive some of my old vinyl. Then I thought .. HEY !! I haver a Creative Labs X-FI Platinum card and software out the wazoo for this kind of thing.  I also have a variety of high-end amps, mixers, etc. but always ended up with weak signals or horrendous buzzes when I tried to capture disk to digital.
1658	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've tried several different Bluetooth headsets from Motorola and Cardo, and ended up returning or giving away all of them. I kept the Plantronics 510 because it is simply the best I have ever tried. I hear no static, cracks or pops, the audio quality is tops both for me and the caller, and it's comfortable and doesn't flop around on my ear like other headsets do when I move.
8691	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Easy to snap-on, durable, and inexpensive. But very difficult to remove.  If battery never wears out, who cares, in two years you get another phone.
The camera is only VGA but takes good-quality pictures when there's plenty of light.  Video capture is jerky and limited to 15 seconds, so that's probably the weakest feature for me.  Bluetooth linkup to a Sony Ericsson earpiece works fine.  Battery life is admirable; I don't use the phone much, maybe just 10 minutes a week, and I need to recharge it once every 8 days or so.
could use a little more volume
Whoever the geniuses were that decided the amount of RAM that would be available for this device should be dragged behind a car over broken glass until they die. This hunk of junk only offers 11MB's available for programs. GET READY FOR (out of memory) errors galore!!!!!! I had 10 in the first 2 days. I had numerous crashes in my first week that reset the device so I had to reinstall some programs.
I am satisfied with the quality mu and the timely delivery


2017	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Lasted me over 5 years.  Sorry to say it now broke and I had to replace but I did use it every day and have never had a bad experience with a Motorola Headset.
* "Dual slider" design: Slide display up to reveal numeric keypad; and down to reveal four multimedia buttons (Play/Pause, stop, rewind, fast forward).  Sliding it down also changes the display orientation from portrait to landscape; sliding it up switches it back.

7972	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I don't use my card slot for any other purpose so I just inserted the card and left it in.  Music on a Treo is a joke so why worry about it.
709	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	When I initially reviewed this phone, I gave it glowing endorsements based upon a unit that met specifications.  Unfortunately, after acquiring a few other units I have come to the conclusion that many critics have been correct.  While I still think this is a decent phone, it appears to have been plagued with inconsistent manufacturing standards, slightly cheaper components, and higher failure rates than other Sanyo models.
1. Good battery life
5609	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the Pantech C810 Duo several weeks ago. My observations are:
4912	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	cool product
Have made several attempts to contact the seller, and the only communication received from seller was to tell me it was sent, but no tracking number etc. and the item has not been received, even though the payment cleared my bank almost a month ago.

It was easy to hook up and when I turned it on, I had 4-5 bars with AT&T and 2-3 3G bars and 2-3 regular bars with the Verizon.


- Easy volume controls
8525	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	worked great


I suggest this product with full 5 star rating.
- Crystal-clear calling. No static and loud when needed.


If you call them today, July 15'th 2008, you will get through the prompts until you are given a wait-time and then the systems tells you to call back later and hangs up on you. I'm not surprised at all. They got rid of 80 % of their customer service workforce.

I found the on-off button very easy to use, unlike the comments of many others.  I can very easily find the pointy button when the 510 is on my ear. Press for 3-4 seconds and it beeps to tell me its on.  2-3 seconds later a series of tones announces that it has connected with my Motorola i870.  A blue led flashes every 4 or 5 seconds when the unit is on and connected.  Press and hold the pointy power button until the led glows red and it 510 turns off.
3547	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I upgraded to the Nokia 5300 XpressMusic after three years of service with TMobile and a Motorola V300. Comparing the Nokia 5300 to the Motorola I noticed one huge difference right out of the box: Nokia is made of very lightweight plasic. This wasn't much of an issue until I went to change the SIM card out of the Motorola and put it into the Nokia. While I didn't break the back cover of the Nokia, it was a fear throughout the process. It's a very thin cover and since they are relatively cheap, I think I'll buy an extra one to have on hand just in case. I think the case on the Nokia is a bit on the delicate side, and you may want to consider a hard pastic cover (as sold on Amazon by Bargain Cell).
Everyone should have one of these. It's come in handy so many times, especially for people whom travel a lot for business or pleasure. I love that it is a USB charger as it can be used for any such device that supports such. Would I like it to charge longer? Who wouldn't? One full cell phone charge is more than tolerable for the size/price.
330	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	UPDATE: 9/28/2016
1235	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great, well made.  Great bargin on amazon.
Overall I like it a lot and cannot find a similar phone on the market so I am keeping mine
The 410 is slightly longer than the 200 but narrower and 1.5 grams lighter (both the 200 and this 410 are extremely lightweight, yet feel robust rather than cheap). The silver at the end says "hey, look at me, I'm wearing a bluetooth headset!" but it's still a fairly discreet design compared to the vast majority out there. The LED this time is less conspicuous, a ring around the main button (the light can easily be shut off, though you have to do it each time you turn the unit back on); the button itself is a lighter press but still tactile enough. The 410 suffers a larger carrying/charging case than the 200 due to its shape and earbud, but if you happen to carry your headset in a purse, this will help keep it from getting lost or damaged; I just throw mine into my pocket (that's a risk of it turning on and redialing, but hasn't happened to me yet).
8471	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great
6445	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my first bluetooth headset, so I can't compare it to others, but I think it's a great product.  It's comfortable to wear, so much though, that I forget I'm wearing it.  It paired instantly with my Blackberry Curve.  The volume could go a bit louder, but the sound quality is great.  And others have told me that they like to hear me speak through it rather than directly to the phone (much clearer for them).
3158	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This thing holds my sons clam shell great, but when I tried to use it for my Samsung S4 it would slowly slide off, and if you hit a bump, turn the wheel, or accelerate to fast your phone will go flying...
-Bluetooth
7988	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the greatest phones from Samsung. It is true that AT&T does not offer many good (new) phones, but this one is hit.
8/1/08:  Two more things: I downloaded Opera Mini and it is far superior and faster then the built-in web browser.  Secondly, you can take the phone off the cell network and just use Wi-Fi, which is great when I am home because the cell signal is weak in my house.
Also interesting that when I told them I had relieved the loop problem with a custom bent paper clip, they never asked to see it.  They don't seem interested in improving the feel of this product on the ear.
5846	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This phone was so basic, it was little more than a thin calculator. The manual was all in Spanish and some of the menu options on the phone itself were too. Couldn't distinguish between lower and uppercase and just a general dirt-cheap phone. Would never recommend to anyone.

9557	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this to boost the signal for my T-Mobile based Samsung Galaxy S II. See my separate review of the phone. I have been a customer of Verizon for several years and reside in a chronic dead zone. Verizon cured the problem with a boosted signal, but when I decided to go with T-Mobile I inherited the same problem.  What is weird is that if I go a block away in the tower direction I get a very clear signal, so....?
5871	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This product is cheaply made and TOO small for both my Samsung Intercept AND my credit cards! Therefore, it doesn't serve its purpose and is useless to me.
8	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	its super cute and makes my phone pretting and i love sparkley things and yeah hahahahahahh i would say get it
The rates are high for most countries so use should be for emergencies or short calls only. If you want to talk a lot use a phone card and a pay phone or buy a local SIM. But for emergency or occasional use you cannot beat it. It is also a good value if you are traveling to the UK as all incoming calls there are free on your cell with this SIM ( UK only ).
Overall I am very pleased with this product because it completes its main purpose flawlessly. The hardware code written for this battery is perfectly written, when your phone is fully charged the charger shuts off so it doesn't drain the external battery unnecessarily. The only improvement I could see being made to the iTorch is that they could remove one or the other, either the LED flashlight or the laser pointer (maybe make two different models?). That way they could put their money into making a better laser pointer (It dissipates noticeably after about 20 feet) or a better LED flashlight. Other than that this is a perfect product! I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a solid external battery.


4868	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-Bluetooth-H710-Headset-Retail-Packaged/dp/B000WJ8P38/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola Bluetooth H710 Headset [Retail Packaged</a>]
- First of all, I have to say that the instructions are very simple to follow. All of my questions were answered by the time I finished reading the two-pager. There is even a great troubleshooting portion at the end.
Also comes with the appropriate cord which works just fine.
The volume control has only 5 steps over a wide range from too quiet to too loud. I have to use step 4 even though it is louder than I prefer, because step 3 is much too quiet.
5061	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Did not work in Los Angeles due to too crowded FM channels.  Had to return it.

4160	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product...the noise cancelling is superb...the sound quality is excellent at both ends.  I use it with the Jabra Clear Ear Gels and get a secure fit that allows me to use the Jawbone without the ear loops.
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.
Couldn't get one for free at the AT&T main store; just got a load of bull.
Don't fall for the name and shiny back and don't get RIPPED OFF!
8742	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	BAD is not unlocked

8723	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the first trackball I purchased when she lost her original trackball.  It worked very well until she lost it.
2229	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I feel foolish having even considered purchasing this item.  The price should've been my red flag but I still gave it a try.  A crutial piece of plastic broke off of it as soon as I plugged it into my phone and then remained there, thus creating a new project of removing it.  Most importantly, the cable doesn't work with Nokia phones, the company claims it does, but Nokia's drivers can't read it.  I fought with this thing for hours, then broke down and called Nokia only to find out that most third party cables are not compatable.  However, Nokia's representative was extremely knowledgable and helpful and that did reduce my frustration.  Thankfully I paid next-to-nothing for this product.  I CANNOT STRESS ENOUGH THE USELESSNESS OF THIS ITEM.
tested on a Motorola Droid Bionic and I liked that the same cable used
In the future just make sure to check every thing before shipment. That battery was pretty expensive at Radio Shack.
5828	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased for my son's phone.  It has a very clean look and was a breeze to install.  The value was great as well.
1392	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	If you talk to the right people at ATT, they will send you a new simcard for free. Don't waste your time.
The design was a little puzzling, especially the loop extended out from the primary speaker area.  I tried unsuccessfully several times to ram the thing into my ear.  All I got was a sore ear and no working bluetooth headset.  Nonetheless I THEN followed the instructions using the middle size 'loop' and with a little finesse, I put it in my ear, gave it a little twist as instructed and it stuck perfect hanging off my ear, just barely resting on my jaw-line.
3260	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It was on time and I really like it. It was for my husband. He love it. I will be getting another one

2653	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have tried way too many bluetooth headsets (Motorola, Plantronics, IO Gear, Logitech, Jabra) and found most to be disappointing. IMHO, the Scala 700 right now is the best bang for the buck. This is my second product from Cardo Scala - the first being the 500, which was also a great headset. The 500 had great sound on both ends and was more than loud enough. Most other headsets suffer from earpiece volume that is just not loud enough. Also the lack of noise cancellation and wind noise reduction on the other headsets made them only useful in the office or a quiet car. The Scala 700 windguard technology is not perfect - but performs much better than anything else I have tried. The 700 is about 1/3 smaller than the 500 and performs just as well in every aspect. The buttons and controls are easy to use and intuitive. It takes a little tweaking to adjust the headset for a comfortable fit, but after some bending and shaping of the earpiece, the headset was very stable and comfortable. For the price, this is a very good option.
(UPDATE*** Also, now that I have had the phone for a while, I wanted to state that some people have stated the battery life isn't good with this phone.  I have had NO problems at all and today is #5 that it hasn't been on the charger.)
Above average picture quality

As per my major purchases I will list the positives and negatives of this device
http://www.amazon.com/Universal-Waterproof-MoKo-Armband-Devices/dp/B01AJP3F7A?ie=UTF8&psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00
6347	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this phone a few weeks ago when I was eligible for an upgrade.  I decided to get the Centro because I find myself texting sometimes and wanting to write e-mails on my phone.  (I used to have a Nokia 6030, and it's a good phone, but it's got a standard cell phone number keypad.)
*I know people have complained about the keyboard but I personally love it.  The sure type is so good that it guesses most words so that you can type without even looking at the phone. If it doesn't guess the word it is very easy to teach the phone the word.
3316	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I loved it!
7309	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i have recieved more than i expected the phone was brand new and tested it and it was fully fuctioning and it did was unlocked international version ,thanks for this order ,i did contact the seller before purchase checked few things and he was very helpfull in clearing every quastion i have about this order .

7068	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	needed to replace my wife's phone battery. Works great and provides days of standby time. Thanks so much for this product

Other than that its great, small footprint, pretty minimalist when the phone is resting on it.
I might have preferred a magnetic rather than velcro closure, but I suspect it will be sufficiently durable to last the use-life of my phone.
3224	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It does what it is suppose to do and pretty easily.  Charges up on a USB port and syncs with a variety of BT headsets that I own.  Makes anything you want to listen to play through your BT headphones.
9431	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because I do a a lot of travel to remote locations in the US.  I have Sprint which I usually get OK service.  I had 0 and still had 0 signal but everyone else was happy.  Left it on job site for everyone to use and bought another for my next job site.  Still 0 bars FML Texas is not Sprint country.


9692	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great batteries.
I doubt the phone is not from Moto, its just says Moto, the build quality is so worst.
8349	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked wonderfully.  100% solid signal obtained consistently by Celltrack on a Nokia N8.  The differences when the amplifier was operating and not were quite dramatic indeed both, by the numbers and in actual call clarity and data rates.  Testing data speeds with the amplifier on, I was consistently reaching 3.5+Mbps down, 512+kbps up in a local rural area that tends to be problematic.  The internal Wilson antenna can be placed behind the phone itself in 3rd party cradle or mounted as instructed, both working quite well.  The external antenna base has a strong magnet that will properly affix to the car roof unlike some lesser magnetic antennas.


Note 1: I initially questioned the need for a laser pointer in this battery charger, but I actually had a presentation that I had to make a couple of days after I got this charger, and luckily, I happened to have the charger in my laptop case - perfect! It made the presentation a little easier. Is it essential to have the laser pointer? Probably not (for most users), but for the ones that could use it, it is a good aide.
been up to par with the NewTrent IMP52D. It charges my iPhone, iPad or

This is very small.  The main picture makes it look huge, but it's really palm sized. I took it with me on vacation, and it fit just fine in the carry-on.  You don't need to keep the stand on it.
I have disconnected both units and the signal strength at my desk is at 2 bars without a booster. (Intermittently of course but good enough and better than with the boosters in place). I of course, lose my signal in the basement, but the boosters didn't provide me with better signal strength either so for me, it's not a loss.
4) Wish the audio alerts also work for text messages, alarms, etc. Only alerts for incoming calls.

5617	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Hard to find replacement tip for my iGo power adapter.  They do wear out eventually, and have to be replaced.

2758	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great battery.
2369	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I've had this item for less then 1 month and the ear hoop/hook what ever has broken on me.  To charge the unit you have to remove this hook so the ear piece fits in it's charger box.  Yeah well 3rd time every charging it and the hook snaped right where it would hook onto the earpiece.  Seriously this thing is flawed and should just be avoided period.  Not to mention the autio qaulity is skiddish even with the phone litterly being right in front of me.
4748	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought two of these and they are good for one single use.  They made the 8.5 road trip and the ear bud feel apart when we arrived.  I used the second one of the way home and the sound only came out of one ear bud.
2680	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i have alway like the jabra for the quality of sound. The hands free talking is something i have used for several years now
5291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Met my needs.

I saw the video, read the instructions, but still received no increased signal strength or call clarity by using this product.

9267	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This pouch is so useful. I can clip it on my pocket, put it in my pocket, put it in my purse of clip it on the top of the purse. Great purchase
4633	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great price, holds phone snugly, fits well on belt, goes on easy too.  Good deal for someone looking for a way to carry note 4
5787	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great holster, so far has been solid and the auto shutoff function has worked consistently. Only quibble - the metal "Blackberry" logo came off. I super-glued it back on, and all is good.

1. It is much lighter and fits much better than the H300.  It seems more secure - the rubber earbud does not block the ear canal (on purpose, for driving - you need to be able to hear around you) but it provides a stabilizing point.  The Motorola system is just to hang on the hook - one point of stability plus gravity. The Jabra has like a two point of stability deal, plus gravity.

in one word, it is a good product.
I am very angry at Verizon for blocking the Bluetooh Features.  This phone has great potential and we should be able to use them.


If you're coming from a Non-PocketPC phone - all your contacts are not sorted properly, you cant add contact pictures to them, you cant set up multiple numbers (work, home, cell), and more.
All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.

1785	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone ofr my in-laws a few months ago and it works great.  Unfortunately, I don't get to see their phone very often.  Unless there is something better, this will be my next phone.
Overall, sound is good. I haven't tested much..
Neat unit, great to be wireless, I can get by with the minor things.  Price is steep and I guess I expected just a bit more volume and less fuzziness but I love the convenience.

1)  It was very easy to synch this up to my iPhone.
9228	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	.Good.
attention to details that make products stand out. Simplicity is a design
490	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!

families, especially on road trips when the old iPod Video just isn't
* Only use 1-2 hours a day during commute.
For the tl;dr crowd, I wholly approve of this headset. Its the headset Ive been waiting quite some time for, and its finally here. Features, fit, sound, and looks are all pretty much perfect, and its hard to come up with a list of serious disadvantages. As I write this, its available here for $58, which is quite a steal. The nearest competitor is the LG HBS-800, which normally goes for $130. Check these out  I don't think youll be disappointed.

4876	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good quality headphone, the flip mic/switch is very intuitive. Connection with two phones works as expected, though it has a notion of primary phone and secondary phone, so you might need get the wrong phone to call, when both are in vicinity. Great voice quality, good on power. I am a light cell phone user, so discount my opinion accordingly.
Overall...Positive Outweigh the tiny Negatives by a ton.  If you are an internet. IM junkie, you will fall in love with this phone.  The reception in my area is fine.  However, the reception varies from area to area.

It still has excellent battery life of the 510 (in fact, slightly longer battery life!), excellent noise and wind reduction, and very comfortable, all in a more traditional style.
4745	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Very poor quality, in a couple of months they stopped working altogether!
6. Options
- Recess power button so it won't get turned on by accident
Have a plantronics 510 which is good, this wep200 is smaller yet compares in quality to the plantronics.
1896	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After having a bad experience with another Plantronics, i did not expected any better..  But if it had not for someone that stepped on it, I would still be loving it..

great to carry on purse or in a pocket. It ususally charges 2 times my Blackberry torch and it also charges my playbook(only once) and the same amount of charges for the iphone.
7906	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Decent quality, purchased several, none of them would let the volume or pause buttons on the headphones work. Wouldn't buy it again.

What I found was it takes a few tries to get the timing right to turn on the battery and not the flashlight.

The problem is in finding replacement ear gels.  They are not available on the Jabra site or on any other site.  I ended up back at Cingular (now AT & T) and they gave me a couple that they had in a drawer.
P.S.  You will feel compelled to purchase additional "wallpaper" for an additional $2, because what comes on the phone as standard fare is ugly!



8263	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Hey everybody, watch out for your Blackberry model, I bought this item for my Blackberry Curve 8350 but once I get it from Amazon It didn't fit.
3936	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like the "behind the ear" headsets, they seem more comfortable to me so I decided to upgrade to the Jabra BT5020. I moved from the Jabra BT500 to the BT5020 and really like the BT5020.  I like the size and solid black color, it's very unassuming, never cared for the startrek look of the other headsets. The volume is loud and clear. The headset is very easy to wear for long periods of time because of it's light weight. It has GREAT talk and standby time and comes with a AC Adapter and a USB cable for charging, so you can have the AC Adapter at home and the USB cable at work or with your laptop for charging.
5931	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This gives me about one and half charges.  I like the small size, but prefer more power and two USB outputs.

I would highly recommend this bluetooth headset to anyone.  I even hooked it up to my playstation 3 and it worked just fine.  It says it has a 30 foot range, that is realistically more like a 10.  You do want to hold the phone on the side that the earpiece is on for the best connection, but the distance you hold it has not made an impact on sound quality.
2736	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Palm OS version is much better, but I did somewhat like using this version as well. I'm giving this phone 4 stars because of the network it is running on, but the phone itself is not the best. Palm ALWAYS comes out with a phone with limited memory, then comes out with a minor update later with a little bit more RAM. There is far cheaper phones with more memory out there, which is sad, seeing as Treo's are very high priced. Palm came out with the Treo 600, then came out with the Treo 650 with a better screen and a but more memory. Now there is talk of a Treo 750, with the same type of upgrades. This has caused me to totally give up on Treo's. For Palm to milk us customer over and over again, with small upgrades, shows no respect. Palm also outsources their customer care, so good luck in getting help. The ONLY perk is Sprint only charges $15 dollars a month for PDA access. Which is far less then the $30, $40, and $50 that T-Mobile, Verizon and Cingular charge for the same type of access.
8308	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great little charger... and I love the retractable cord.  I don't like to have a bunch of cords laying around in the compartments of my car and this tucks away neatly.  I'm very pleased.

The device takes six plus hours for a full charge(maybe too long for some folks).  Hope it can support 2A input to cut the charging time.

8429	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product is does what it's supposed to do, and it's like you get a GPS machine  (soon turn-by-turn, according to rumors) through your iphone.  You can even "watch" TV shows (though not live TV), movies, and other videos by plugging the iPhone into your car speaker system through FM signal or tape cassette adapter.
8043	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Being that cellular Bluetooth is so common - I don't understand why home bluetooth phones are so hard to come by - but thank goodness Plantronics came up with a good one. I highly recommend this product to anyone who works from home, as I do. And the customer service is pretty good too; I thought my headset went bad (turned out to be an easily fixed connection issue), but they were ready to ship me out a new unit right away.
2. Great design with adequate reading space unless you have vision problems, that is.


I will keep using it as I paid more than $30 bucks for it. It's acceptable, but again I have to work around some of the annoying stuff. But then I doubt there's anything that cost less than $50 and offers excellent voice quality and fit comfortably.
1gb of memory standard. This was the highest memory sold with any major carrier phone when it was released.
6494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	At first we weren't sure if this was going to work. We put both the Booster and the outside antenna in our windowsill (inside), connected the cable to the inside booster, and tried to figure out if we were going to get better cell service by watching the little antennas on our phones. But that proved impossible. The real test came this morning when I went into the kitchen and made a call, and it was strong and dependable. I then walked throughout the house on that call, and it stayed strong. So I can honestly say this thing works. It is also extremely easy to set up. The only tiny negative is that you have to have a place for the inside booster, and you have to hide the wires. But if you need stronger cell service, this works.
6074	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a lightweight, small-sized power source that carries a big charge. Perfect for commuters, students - anyone not consistently tethered. The iTorch has power to spare. Especially useful for users of power-hogs like video and/or game apps, the iTorch provides multiple full charges for mobile devices. This is a product that does what the manufacturer specs say it will - and then some. Here's my benchmark test: from a full charge, I let my iTorch sit unused (unplugged) for 3 weeks. I then used it to charge my iPhone 4S, iPad 2 3G, iPod Touch 4G, Sony Ericsson Xperia Play, and New Trent IMP38B Bluetooth keyboard/case...and the iTorch still isn't drained.
2134	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is made of genuine leather , I get a feeling of good and proper protection for my treo 750. Initially it was slightly tight fit for my treo but after a week it relaxed and now I feel comfortable in taking phone in and out of this pouch.
-You will see only your face during daylight & barely see the applications
I don't fault this company in particular for the design. Like most products from China, almost everyone just makes near exact copies of everyone else and although they'll make changes to "cosmetics" there is very little design innovation that comes out of Chinese minds.

I was hopeful when I saw that I could rate each song as it was playing, but this feature is useless. I played two hours worth of songs and rated each of them. The ratings are available on the phone, but I can't transfer the ratings back to my mp3 library with any of the three mp3 transfer mechanisms - Windows Media Player, the included Multimedia Manager (which has a column for displaying the rating but apparently no way to set it), or the mass storage USB setting using File Manager copy.
6740	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Work exactly as they should. No duds. I buy them in bulk this way from Amazon because you can not beat the price. I'm not about to spend $5 for 2 batteries down at the local big box store.
However the answer button sometimes work with my Blackberry sometimes does not. Ringing volume is very low. You will not hear it with your music on. People hear me fine but I have problems hearing them. Volume is low and sound has a lot of distortions. May be if you drive a very quiet car you might be fine. In my SUV which is not particular loud but it is not a Lexus sedan either this thing is not much of a use. I am switching back to on the ear hands free.
After a disappointing experience with the Nokia 6126, I was a bit hesitant to buy another Nokia but with this phone, Nokia has definitely redeemed themselves in my eyes!
-I thought I'd have a problem with the smaller keypad area but I can actually text quicker on this because the keys are closer together and more responsive.


5822	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is what you need when the trackball stops spinning in certain directions cause of lint or whatever. It's actually very easy to install and not expensive at all.


4146	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Lets face it, most bluetooth headsets aren't worth a darn. its just the cell phone manufacturers trying to make an extra buck selling a piece of plastic with a speaker and mic and charging an arm and a leg because its "bluetooth". Well i have to tell you the Jawbone is the exception to the rule. You all know about the noise reduction on this headset. So i won't go into that more than to say its no lie its as good as advertised. and the incoming sound is great as well. at first i didn't like it. it sounded a little tinny but i found that that was their voice with all the unnecessary frequencies elimated. they are much easier to understand. It kinda sounds like the incoming sound you hear when people talk on aircraft radios.

4305	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this because works for more than one device. Right out of the box, it did not work, only weird noises, I called customer services and it had older firmware. I had to update it and you talk about complicated!! However customer service was great, much better than most. Finally it works and I can hear well. No one can hear me or the sound made them so uncomfortable, they did not want to continue the conversation, even my mother! It has voice activation settings but neither of them worked for me. The buttons are easy to access, it's comfortable, small and less ugly than most. The Plantronics 510 is much easier to use to with multiple devices. I can't recommend this.

215	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	No label on charger, no indication of output.  Works, but I suspect it charges below 2 amps.  Do not keep up with high drain apps such as the GPS or using real time navigation app.
6650	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The packaging for this indicates the ability to boost signals up to 1500 feet. I purchased this for use in my home and found that it would not work for my application.  I called Wilson Electronics for technical assistance. They were very good at helping me troubleshoot my issues. Ultimately, we determined it would not work for me and I returned it.
Listen to music, a call comes in and a simple to reach button on the left side of the headset and I answer the call.  Hang up the call and the music is back.

My only complaint is that the blue light on it is extraordinarily BRIGHT. I can't charge this thing at night without covering it up because it's like a blue lighthouse in my room.  And when it's on, the flashing blue light is VERY annoying in dark rooms (e.g. watching a movie).  That's really my only complaint.
9905	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The item arrived on time; however the screen protector peels off, doesn't cover the screen completely and air builds bubbles underneath. It also comes with a sticker that is suppossed to be removed easily after you have applied the protector to your screen, but it doesn't come off completely. It leaves a horrible trace of glue on the shield.  I do not recommend it.
The item works exactly like this right out of the box.
The aliph seems to have a limited range of about three feet when paired with the Samsung and starts to have static when moved farther away. It is probably much better to have the handset far from the head while also having a weaker RF energy from a less powerful bluetooth device next to the brain. An apologist would call this a "safety feature". (deduct one star for limited range)
PS. Imax, I salute you. '

4531	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love it, I wish you made more, the price is right, its comfortable and lasts
-Qwerty key pad
6951	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	While this is clearly a well made product, it only works WITHOUT a case on your iPhone. For me, that is a deal breaker. I have no interest in taking my iPhone in and out of a case each time I want to mount it in my car. If you do not use a case, then this is probably a great product. If you use a case, look elsewhere.
4) Wish the audio alerts also work for text messages, alarms, etc. Only alerts for incoming calls.
1478	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Had a motorola and didn't care much for it. My plantronics is a better fit and more comfortable. It is a little bulky compared to motorola. So far happy with it. Works decent in noisy conditions but the ear piece is much more clear and loud compared to the motorola.
Since the day it arrived I have found it charges all my families cell phones, Kindle Fire, Kindle Touch, Blu electronic cigarette charger pack, wifes Tom Tom, portable lte mifi, and  several bluetooth earpieces. I'm not saying it will fill them all on 1 charge, just that it charges them while powering them. I'm sure there are other devices I just haven't tried to plug in yet.
7942	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item is great if you have a phone case which prevents full access of a reagular head set jack. it prevents you from having to get another case or modify your existing one.

2131	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is wonderful.  I like the secure belt loop and magnetic closure.  I have tried several cases and this one is the best!

Drawbacks are:
4741	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this little gem after reading both good and bad reviews, and deciding almost anything would be better than the over-hyped Plantronics 655.
3153	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	very good quality for the price
Cons:

1277	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I've had this for about 8 months, VERY DISSAPOINTED. very low volume, can barely hear callers. Callers can barely hear me. The over the ear style headset doesnt seem to fight tight enough, and if you happen to jerk or move your head very fast, the headset almost flies off. I do also get a little bit of "bluetooth static" MY BIGGEST PROBLEM, is that for some reason this thing randomly places call, when I don't even touch the headset. I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason. IT constantly did it, and became annoying as I could not shut off the call with the headset, and had to fidget and try and get my cell phone out of my pocket to end the call. I replaced it with a Jabra 250v and absolutely love it. Dont bother with this headset, although its fairly cheap online, as compared to the $80.00 at most retailers, you'll be extremely dissapointed.
It fits well and looks good.
I also had no trouble connecting this headset to my Nokia 6300 phone.  In fact, I can switch between this in my car and my Plantronics at home without any issues.
It doesn't matter how good the sound quality of the headset might be if the device can't maintain a wireless connection.

Battery life and call quality are great.  The phone lasts me about 4 days before it needs to be recharged.  I am by no means a power-user though.
That being said, the navigation controls are a little bit cramped.  I do find myself hitting the wrong button at times.  The OS is a little bit slow at times.  That's life.  Nothing is perfect and nor is this phone.  But it's pretty darn close.  I like the OS a lot.  I found out how to drag and drop files onto my phone.  I've got a 2GB micro SD card in here and listen to music at the gym with my phone.  I love being able to tweat pieces of the start menu just by using Windows and the USB cable to browse out to the phone.
~ Ana Mardoll
I don't like that the headset does not make a tone when a call ends like my others do.  You can hear an audible "pop" when the sound cuts off, but it's subtle enough that I still don't talk smack on the person who hung up until I can verify on my phone that the call has ended.  :)
3445	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This was a great opportunity to save money.  Luckily I know and IT person who helped me install it.  I'm not saying that a person couldn't install it if he had to..it just helps to know somebody who has done it before.  Not the greatest instructions and you need a tiny screw driver which was not included.  Anyways, I would definately recommend this to anybody needing to replace a screen on an Ipod.  My daughter's screen had a crack in it and only showed half the screen.

6118	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The physical properties (size, weight, feel) are perfect for the battery capacity, and it seems to hold a charge as expected. Charging over USB (for both of these units) is a really nice feature that many other chargers are missing. I like the fact that there is a laser pointer as well as the LED flashlight.

If you ever got to check out Jawbone's demo video on their website, you'll see the actor showing you how well it works when you're at super-noisy places. What he doesn't show you, is when the volume in the surrounding area is, say in an office where there're people talking around you. What does it mean? It means the noise cancellation only works in very noisy environment.
Nothing amazing about the strap but it gets the job done and is cheap. Can't ask for much more. 4 stars for me
4421	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The battery shipped and was recieved  much quicker than was promised. The battery seems to work well and is holding charge well so far. One note, Motorola  phones and batteries are somewhat proprietary on the chargers. I think the batteries have a chip in them and most times you need a Motorola brand charger. You can download the software to charge it on a computer USB cable, does not work for me without the software. Stating this so someone  don't think they have a bad battery when it is actually the charger being used.
9249	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First, to the critical review - to insert the SIM card you should have taken the stylus out...  or take phone to any store and ask for HELP.

If you're reading these reviews, you probably already know what these meters are for.  In short, this one seems to be a good one, and my wife and I recommend it.  We were looking at a house that was right next to large power lines and had heard mixed stories about whether they are dangerous or not for kids.  We wanted to check and this meter was a decent price, so we gave it a try.  It worked well, was easy to use, and helped us make an informed decision.  If you know you want to buy an EMF meter, this is one of the better ones.  I recommend this meter to others.

battery life is quite good
GPS- Now for the gps where I happen to live is a little glitchy.  When I am in an area it says that I have no satelitte connection when I have had a connection there before which makes no sense and then I will go there another day and end up having it work fine... All in all i would give it 3 and a half stars.
I have downloaded Ringo so I can use MP3's for ringers which was my biggest gripe of all.


2)  Large Screen.  The real-estate is fantastic.  Looking at the screen I could see the time, owner information, how much mail I have in the four Email addresses I have, Active Tasks, Calendar information, and MSN information with room to spare!  No other phone had this much space on it.


However, if you still want to jump into the trap, there is a way to beat their stealing:
2389	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my first and only blu-tooth earpiece and I love it. I have talked to people on their far more expensive Plantronics units and I believe that this sounds genuinely superior. I bought it because: 1. I wear glasses and this sits in the ear and not over the ear. 2. Price. It is a quality product at a super cheap price. 3. It received very good reviews. I ordered it from Amazon and also ordered the Jabra Gel Ear buds. It took a bit of trying until I found the perfect fit within the 3 sizes of ear buds that all come in one package, but once I found the right size, I was home free. There is absolutely no way that this will fall out of my ear with the Jabra buds. They fit snuggly like a hearing aid. They are very comfortable and will not fall out. I have never even tried the hook that came with the Samsung. There is absolutely no need for it as long as you use the Jabra Buds. The original earpiece that comes on the Samsung is worthless. I can see why people would complain that it falls out. As far as the sound quality, as long as you have the phone and the Samsung aligned the sound is perfect. Talk at a normal speaking volume. I had a complaint that it sounded like I was speaking in a tunnel, when I first used it, but with practice, you can sound perfectly fine on this. Lastly, it is adorable and I love the blinking blue light.  All I have to do is say "Call so and so." and the Samsung dials it for me. It has total voice recognition. Perhaps that would not be true if my phone did not have voice recognition as well. I am thrilled with this little gem of a gadget. One last thing. If you use the Jabra Ear buds, you will have to remove the ear bud to recharge it and cannot carry it around in the little charger carrying case unless you want to keep removing the ear buds...so I bought a tiny leather coin purse to store it in and it keeps it perfectly safe.

8339	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Was not the model advertised.
The controls are small, multifunction (each button does may things) and are easy to access but hey, they are on the side of your head.
With my cell phone (HTC/AT&T Tilt) the experience has been flawless.  There were no issues pairing and the sound quality was really really good.  The difference between a $30 wired headphone plugged in versus the Voyager is quite minimal.

467	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	exactly as described, on time, just the right thing.

So while it worked, it worked awesome!
4828	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have tried many bluetooths and this is one that actually fits and stays in my ear. It's lightweight and really nice looking also. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend.
-LEDs to show charge level
8279	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed to protect my Blackberry Curve after having dropped it AGAIN and this time out at the barn where one of the horses missed stepping on it by a whisker. A Percheron hoof would be the death knell for this pretty and functional, but let's face it, delicate phone. So.... the Otterbox is not so pretty. I had to give up the lovely red sleek Blackberry style for what is essentially a black rubber encased box. But... it actually doesn't look that bad and it still slips right in my pants pocket wtihout a huge unsightly bulge.

To receive calls: Its neat. You don't have to open the sucker, just set up any-key answer and you can use it in its closed state. Infact, you can set it up to shut off its screen after 30 seconds, so it looks fascinating to be speaking into this sleek black thing with no lights and mostly no buttons showing.
9537	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Initially bought for a large home surrounded by other large homes, I installed this unit to boost the signal while in half of this particular house. I often dropped calls prior to this in the various rooms of the house facing to the north side of the building. After installation I didn't drop a call at all. The product itself operates as designed and intended. However the issue arrises with the difficulty of installation. If you are using this, its likely you have a two story house. Therefore, you're headed to the roof to install the antenna portion if you expect to get good reception. I attempted to use this on an outside wall and got poor performance. Moving it to the roof made all the difference.
The keyboard is really small so it's not the easiest to type messages.  I had to get a replacement after 3 months because the roller stopped working.
-Regarding surcharges people have written about, I believe that may be provider specific.  The only surcharge her provider, H20 Wireless, has is .15 per week.  Not even close to the .35 a day I've read.
797	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got this to install in the glove box on my Kawasaki Concours.  Simple to install, unobtrusive and doesn't take up hardly any room, works great. and you can't beat the price.
For me its no problem after I figured this out, but as I said before I'd have to give it lower marks for being so sensitive over such small issues.
30	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It looks like I actually bedazzled my phone.  The case is better than what I expected ... it is so cute.  Yes, I would recommend this case.
User manual really doesn't cover the more subtle functional capability of this phone.
631	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this to use on my bicycle and with a Garmin 60CSX. Installation was simple and all parts were included. Note that it does include two rubber strips of different thickness for different diameter handle bars. The clamp also has a positive clamping motion as it is hinged which makes it a bit more secure and easy to mount. Once the unit is clamped onto the handle bar there is no adjustment, so you may need to readjust after you ride. We do mainly riding on the street but have done 50+ miles with the GPS and have had zero issues. It is easy to come off and stays on just fine.
  2.  4 blue LED lights make it easy to understand what's happening
Note: I bought mine at the AT&T store when I bought my phone and paid $29.99 plus tax. I could have saved myself $10 buying it through Amazon.com. Oh well.
----
4112	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what it's designed to do, and for the money, you can't go wrong. The cutouts are perfectly placed. The fit is great. Just snug enough to stay on, but easy to remove for a battery swap. Provides the protection of a non-slip surface, and is just the level of protection I wanted. And, black, in contrast with the sunset red Curve, looks great too!

Does not come with a wall charger.



I've used the IMP500 several times recently. I'm quite pleased at how much power it provides. I've recharged my iPod Touch 3g up to 3 times on a single charge and the charge lights indicated there was still 1/2 its power remaining. One day I didn't properly insert my iPod Touch in the charging base and had planned to use it quite a bit that day. No problem. I just grabbed the IMP500 and took it with me so no lack of iPod that day.
2643	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this ear piece after doing a little research that gave it 8 out of 10.  The price was very reasonable considering that others were selling for twice as much.  Later, I did find a couple that were rated higher but cost more, and weighed more as well.  The only complaint I have is when you receive a call it comes in very loud and you have to turn it down either by the ear piece or on the phone even though you changed the incoming call volume.  Oh, if you can't decide, go to the Cardo Systems website and look up the 700.  There you will see that a German electronics magazine gave it an outstanding review.  In other words buy it!!!!!!!!!!
* Other S60-specific applications include Nokia's Internet Radio to stream live radio streams, "RotateMe" to automatically rotate the screen depending on your phone orientation, "Fring" mobile Skype/AIM/MSN/Google Talk/etc.. client, Google Maps with GPS support, Google home screen search applet, Mobile Weather app, "ExtGPS" to share the internal GPS information over bluetooth (e.g. to the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nokia-N800-Internet-Tablet/dp/B000MK4GGM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nokia N800 Internet Tablet</a>), YouTube player, emTube (also for YouTube access), etc.
9718	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping great price, just super to deal with.
2770	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	is not too pleased with the product
5515	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I put this on the window and it popped off a few times I think because it was so new and stiff. I wanted to put it in the kitchen while washing dishes and cleaning in general to not only answer the phone but hear my music.. I was a little nervous at first but it now is fine.
I purchased this device so that i can easily listen to songs in the gym from my cell phone instead of carrying my ol mp3 player also. it can easily connect with most modern bluetooth enabled phones without any issues. Though I was UNABLE to connect to my samsung phone, i know that it was my phone's problem rather than the gadget. Samsung phones block one of the ports for bluetooth which enables the bluetooth phone to connect to devices (Samsung claims that this is done to prevent viruses from using this port to access the phone and destroying it. No other phone company does this to their phones!). I was able to seamlessly connect this device to my other sony Ericsson phone almost instantaneously.  So, if you guys have a Samsung mobile phone, then don't waste your money on this gadget or for that matter any blue tooth gadget. The only gadgets samsung allows are the blue tooth headsets (since they use a different port).
3057	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you have the scanner...this is very useful.  It protects the scanner and keeps the cord and scanner together.  It is light weight and very well made.
Don't get me wrong.  The phone's got some good features like easy text messaging, some limited internet access, and up to 3.5 hours of talk time which would temp any new buyer.  Unfortunately, the phone does not use cell phone minutes wisely.  It eats them away like those cheap, overrated calling cards.  If you're a big talker who likes to keep in touch with friends all the time, your best bet is to get a monthly plan, maybe with a company other than Virgin Mobile.  Buy this phone only if you're more of a clam and use the phone rarely like asking about the occasional bill or calling 911 for something.  Maybe then, you can make those cell phone minutes worth every overrated penny of what they're worth.  In fact, if I know then what I know now, I think I would've strictly gotten a phone card.  Think twice before buying this phone!
4863	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this Motorola headset about a month ago and my observations are:
1427	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product has done alot for me. i've used it with multiple phones and even my PS3 and it has never failed on me. great quality headset! easy to use and to link to. don't regret buying it.
The Samsung G810 was announced at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in February; it is another Symbian S60 phone with a feature set almost identical to the N95.  It will be sold internationally starting this fall; probably not in the U.S. though -- it is lacking the GSM 850 MHz frequency used here. (In other words, it is only a "tri-band" phone).  Maybe they plan on releasing a US version as well - I guess that depends on whether a carrier picks it up or not.
88	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This Charger is awesome! First of all I wasn't expecting it until between 12/12  and 12/17, but it arrived on 12/11,So That was a plus for me! Second, I was kinda skeptical about purchasing it because it says that its for a Galaxy S and Blackberry so that can mean a lot of things! but I figured what the heck its cheap, so what can I loose!  Well, I just got it today and decided to give it a try at work on my Galaxy S4,  it charged  from 80%  to 100%  in about 7 minutes!! Yes i timed it!  and also the cord is long which is a plus for me!  So if your looking for a fast charger with a long cord and not to mention a great price, this is the one!!
4404	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ok
Please read***
the phone has good reception, at least on par with W810
The problem I have had with the Marinco is that the snap on cover tends to pop loose when it is supposed to stay closed.  This unit seems to have a firmer grip on the hold and looks like it will stay in place.
I used this extended battery for my 104 mile GranFondo that lasted over 7 hours (as I anticipated).  I participated in the same event last year and used the conventional battery.  That battery depleted after 5 or 6 hours.  With this extended battery, not only did it last the entire event, but it still had about 70% charge remaining after the finish. I had no problems whatsoever.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone.  Many thanks!
 * if the IMP52D is charging a device or
6791	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price.  I went to Wally World.  One battery was $6.00.  Ridiculous.
204	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought several of these for my wife and she has had fun changing them every few weeks. They fit the phone well and do a good job protecting it even though our kids use the phone. The graphics sometimes show a little wear after a couple months of use but for the price I am quite happy with them.
Background noise suppression is stereotypical, if there's noise, the person on the other end will most likely hear some translation of it. The mic is not as sensitive as those found in the Jawbone, so doing something productive like washing dishes won't blow out the eardrum of whoever you are speaking with, but they will hear some level of noise(the Jawbone is brutally painful for that!). I think this is the 5th or maybe 6th plantronics I've bought, and I'm sure it won't be the last.
6083	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great external battery to have and is convenient to have when you need a little extra juice.
8547	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	...and this the one that works with each of two different HTC EVO phones (EVO 4G and EVO 4G LTE) and first generation Kindle Fire.  I use this often with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iGo-Power-Splitter/dp/B000PQJDF2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iGo Power Splitter</a>&nbsp;for charging multiple devices.
This is a minimalist phone. It can text-message if you need to, but it's a bit difficult to read and type text. It has a loud ringer, a vibrate mode, a loud speaker phone, an address book, and it works well for making phone calls.  That's it. No internet, no camera, no images, no music, no downloaded ringtones. This is the most inexpensive unlocked phone available anywhere, and thank you Motorola for making it such a high-quality product.
6040	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product had many more positive reviews than negative but, nevertheless, the majority of the handful of negative reviews cited the same problem and this gave me casue for pause.  Noteably, most reviews that got a DOA product indicated that the seller replaced the DOA.
154	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Better off buying an authentic charger. Packaging was great. Temporary fix, but best to spend a little more for better quality.
Huge brilliant screen
2216	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Had no complaints.

1) Some people have complained that their phone won't activate touchtone menus.  My phone will activate touch-tone menus, but only in speakerphone mode.  When I'm not in speakerphone, menus won't recognize my tones.


Nipped in the bud all complaints from her not having a great battery.
6944	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This screen savers are great they keep all of the makeup & etc off the actual phone
However a lot of people simply don't want to be tied to a provider, or maybe don't have high speed internet, and just want to amplify the signal, this will work great.  Some may want to check into the femtocells as well.
Works great!
6685	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Given as a gift to someone who had reception problems at home. I set it up and no more needed to be done, it has worked for them very well. Limited coverage in the house is the only issue, but they can make calls from the house now, which was impossible before.

I bought an additional two in order to install in all 3 of our home showers.
2008	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The RAZR is just a basic old dinosaur phone that is so durable and practical.
===================
*I think there is a bit of a learning curve with using some of the features because some of the menus are hidden in applications and not as easy to find with other phones. In a week I was very comfortable using it and I am still learning everything it has to offer.
5619	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works
Its still a deal-breaker that this thing is so sensitive that something like an extension cable will make it not work.

6292	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just picked up one of these so the next time I go to a convention and use my !@#$% smart phone all day I won't find myself getting a low battery alert. Right now I've got my Bold plugged in to this toy, running a frakking movie and running Bluetooth and the thing is still charging the battery! The dingus comes with a plethora of adapters for different devices. As long as what you have can take power from a USB port (that's +5 VDC to the uninitiated), this baby can power it. Worth $40!

8898	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased other external battery chargers and have been less than pleased with their performance.  This charger is well constructed and the charge lasts for a long time.  It also seems to charge my phone quicker than even an outlet charger.
* The keyboard is perfect. I was really scared about going to something new but the spacing and texture are dead-on. Typing is a breeze.
5252	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you have multiple tablets, this is not the charging station for you but it charges my iPad, Blackberry playbook and mobile phone.  No dead batteries in the morning and keeps the cords at bay.

I have a nice pair of standard earbuds (Koss "Plug") plugged in through an adapter, and they sound decent when the music is playing, but not as good as on my inexpensive but old Creative Zen Nano Plus mp3 player.

7510	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This gadget was very easy to set up and it does what it's supposed to do. I use it with a VoIP landline which is not specifically mentioned in the documentation. Incoming calls work flawlessly on both the mobile phone and the VoIP line. When dialing outbound calls on the VoIP line, occasionally a misdial occurs on the first attmept - the unit dials the wrong number. On second attempt it always works.
347	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great and battery cover find snugly.  Great product

1. The Manual mentions a USB cable once.
2051	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Recently purchased a Razr v3.  Have tried several headsets without luck.
9430	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my pottery studio since the walls are thick and people do not get very good cell phone service inside. It has increased the number of bars I am getting!
Update: I just had to do a stint without power and after 2-hours I still had a 30% battery life left. It is nice to not have to be constantly plugged in to do anything!

Bottom line, if you need a Bluetooth 2.0 headset, this is definitely a worthy buy.
- paired quickly and easily with both my old Motorola Q9, as well as my current iPhone 3GS
9388	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works. This will boost your signal and sometimes even get you service were you would otherwise have none. I would rather have spent the extra to have a more seamless installation in my car. The antenna wire is tougher than it looks but gets it the way.
Things have appeared on my bill for a year that shouldn't be there. I have made 5 attempts to fix this and finally gave up. A lady from Sprint called me trying to sell something and extend my contract, I laughed so hard, that she actually tried to fix my problems. She said she did and of course, it's still on my bill.
5. Although it seems very light and gentle in my hands, it handles everyday folding and switching between my shirt pocket and both my ears very well.

Speedtests show internet download speeds to increase sometimes by double.  It really depends on location but I do notice an increase.
You really cannot go wrong on a bluetooth headset for such little money.  Don't even think twice! I've recommended this heaset to about 10 different people, who all LOVE it.
1937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Nice phone, especially the automatic voice feature that does not need training... works right away ...
This product will approximately charge your IPhone 4S from 10% to 60% in an hour in a half or so with only one light blinking(The charge battery of the charger is measure by lights) if the phone either has great reception or if it's in airplane mode. If the phone has one bar or two, it will charge from 75% to 90% in an hour in a half or so with one light blinking as well. But, keep in mind that your phone is wasting lots energy looking for signal, which is why it takes longer and more energy to charge.

Pros:
In choosing a RAZR you should consider which color you like best, and whether or not you're willing to pay the price premium some stores are charging on the black one.


Excellent!
5155	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice case.  It's not the smooth leather I was expecting but I still really like it.  I've found it very easy to get my iphone 3G out of the case by simply pinching the bottom like the instructions show.  But since I bought my iphone I've been looking for a case that I could clip onto my purse or a belt loop and I haven't found one.  So I finally gave up and made one.  I bought the Sena UltraSlim Pouch and the Smart Clip Cell Phone Caddy Holder from As Seen On TV (thru Amazon) and superglued them together.  I've made the perfect holder for the iphone...at least for me.

As for me, this is my first bluetooth headset.  But I know people who have problems with other headsets and this one outperforms all others that I have seen...
I bought the Cardo S2 to use primarily with my Nokia so I am very happy with it. With my Nokia 6300b, the Cardo S-2 deserves 5 stars. With my Fujitsu laptop, I only give it 4 stars because I could not get the Cardo S2 microphone to work with Yahoo Instant Messenger or MSN Messenger.
Sometimes there is a lag when the buttons are pressed
Does exactly what it's supposed to do; what's not to like ?
Pros:

7590	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a nicely designed adapter that handle multiple plugs from either end (not all adapters do this). It is unfortunate that people do not undertsand the difference between an adapter and a transformer, and cannot read the labels on electrical appliances. If something is rated as 110/120V and you use the adapter to plug it into a 220/240V source, one should not be surprised to see smoke. Transformers are bulkier and more expensive, but not needed for most electronics whose power supply will handle 110/120/220/240V. If unsure, READ THE LABEL.

4798	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works great
6489	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works fine with ATT, TMobile data.  Does nothing for Sprint phones.  And it seems to only help with data speeds, It doesn't appear to do anything for phone calls.
6562	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	When it's all said and done, it does the job, and that's the most important thing.  I personally don't think it's worth the money.  But if communicating with your phone is vital, then it may well be worth the cost.
4)BATTERY LIFE. IF YOU TALK ALOT ON YOUR PDA KEEP A PORTABLE GENERATOR HANDY TO FEED THIS UNIT POWER
- Piano finish attract finger prints and scratches all over the body
We installed the amplifier kit in a converted commercial building that has a lot of concrete, 12" outside walls, and 6"-8" interior walls.  The outdoor antenna was installed on a high point facing in-between two cell phone towers that we needed to pick up (family members have two different carriers' cell phones) and the coax line (the entire 50') was run down an interior opening and into an underground basement area.


Aliph's Jawbone headset changed all that.  My friends and family no longer even suspect I'm in the car when I use it.  If they call me while I'm in a grocery store or department store, they hear neither the hubbub of the store nor the announcements over the building intercom.  Then I went to my favorite wing restaurant, which keeps the music pretty loud.  I stood directly under one of their speakers and asked my friend if she could hear it.  She thought she heard some people speaking faintly in the background.  She had no idea I was standing under a speaker with music blaring at me.

2225	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Bought my cable last year and only used it for a couple of weeks before I decided to replace it with a cable from Nokia.
The handset started to charge immediately, even though it came half-juiced for use already.  The headset was another story:  I kept having to reseat the unit on the little plug, where the light on the headset was supposed to be red for charging, and then blue when completed.  I had no lights and obviously the unit was not seating properly.  I had to fiddle with it until it was firmly attached to the connector and then the light turned red, indicating it was charging.  It was supposed to take 16 hours for a full charge but it took barely 3 hours.  Both the handset and headset charged very quickly.
The only thing difficult is routing a cable from the roof to the base.  Everything else is extremely easy.
I figured this was the year to see if a signal booster could help.  I spoke with many other RVer's and campers, all of which had NO service.  One RV did have a signal booster from another company and complained how he can barely get service, ONE BAR if he is lucky using his booster.
4167	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I am pleased with the sound quality of the device.  Volume level is adequate even when on noisy roads and people on the other end have actually remarked positively about the level of quality.  I only wish the Jawbone engineers had stopped tinkering when they perfected the audio quality and not designed a fit system so complicated and brittle that it impairs my ability to actually use the device.
Thanks for a great, cheap, case!

4998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works

More than enough juice to charge my iPhone 5 all the way up from being completely dead

All in all, a very worthwhile upgrade for a V300 owner.


1003	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	nice
It went right into the junk drawer, and will ultimately enter the trash unused.
I also got my wife the Mophie attachment charger for iPhone 4 and it works perfectly with this case.
I love it and I've only had it 3 days! Awesome handset in form, function, and design.
The Jabra is also an excellent handsfree phone headset, and also is excellent at playing music stored on my phone's SD card, and though I never felt the need for either of those functions before, having tried it, I shall be using it for both.
4338	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very please with my purchase. the only drawback is it hangs down in the window a little too far but i have learn to work around that
This will NOT work as an extension for credit card readers.
7330	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The phone received was as promised "Factory Sealed" all original. Also, like to thank for prompt response and getting the Phone unlocked. Service was great. Would definitely give a five star rating or more if I could.  Highly recommend this product to all.
7905	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Works but poorly. If the wire moves the controls for volume and call get activated.
It is also portable (comes with a nice pouch) and doesn't feel obtrusive when I have it in my pocket.

While the Jawbone's noise cancellation does seem good that's about all it has going for it because your voice still sounds muffled, soft and digital-like. Further, the Jawbone is too big and bulky to comfortably put it into a pocket to take with you.
2571	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for my wife's birthday.  Before I gave it to her I tested it out for a few days to make sure she would like it and it was compatible with our Samsung phones.  While I used it nobody even knew I was using a bluetooth, even while driving.  Everybody just assumed I had the phone to my ear.  So as im saying this provided good sound quality.  And was comfortable on my ear.
The ability to switch seamlessly between phone lines with a signle headset is a great concept. The headset is comfortable and the recharge cradle is easy to use.
5104	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	OK, so I bought this multi-charger for Labor Day so that my friends could charge their various devices.


At first I was quite confused on how to use the device and whether it was even working or not, so I kept notes as I 'played' with it - The IMP52D has 4 blue indicating lights, left to right - I'll identify them as 1, 2, 3 & 4 - and one button that can be 'Quick Clicked', 'Click and 2 Second Hold' or 'Click and 3 Second Hold' -

7. Versamail retreives my Gmail with no problem.

USB port to manage your phone via computer
* Real GPS! This is awesome. I've just started to tinker with the TeleNav software. I don't like the fact there is a monthly fee, but the turn-by-turn directions rival standalone navigation systems I've used. It's awesome but pricey. I'll start hunting for alternative navigation software.

5608	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I dropped my iphone in the sink, it sunk, and since a new version comes out in a month, I had to get something to tide me over---so I took a chance on the dreaded Microsoft and an often panned Pantech Duo.  I've had it two weeks now and I have to say:  this was a lucky find.
1322	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I've had several cases, Krusell, Vaja and Sena but this has to be the worst of the bunch. Krusell has never nor will ever be in the Vaja and the Sena class but they've usually for the money been descent. The charging port was halfway covered by the leather! I tried to pull it up further so it would line up to the hole and the leather that's sewn to the plastic bottom ripped. GAME OVER! The clip that comes with it will not swivel either. Totally useless, waste of money. Live and learn.
For women, it seems particularly troublesome, because they often carry their phones in their purses. Remember, if any of the buttons on the side of the phone are pressed, it activates the wheel. In a small purse, buttons get pressed all the time. My wife went to retrieve her phone from her purse recently, and discovered it had been connected to the Web for about an hour. Other times, she found that it had called random people.

UPDATE: I just got a new BT250v after Amazon was kind enough to exchange my unit sight unseen (they even shipped out the new unit before I'd shipped back the bad one). Unfortunately, while the new unit works somewhat better, it still doesn't work as well as it should. For example, there is noticeable popping (interference) if i put my phone in my pocket, even on the same side as the headset. I've tried many combinations of phone and headset, and the only time I have problem is with this headset, so I'm quite sure it's not an issue with my phone, or with bluetooth in general. (In fact, I've had far better luck with other Jabra BT products.) So, the design is beautiful and the product is great when it works, but I've found that it fails when I really need it.
6058	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received my iTorch very quickly after ordering it and had the opportunity to test it right away.  Our family has several pieces of electronics that we use on a daily basis and we always seem to have a bottleneck charging them.  We have ipads of many sizes, itouches, iphones, digital cameras, kindles etc.  This little charger proved to be able to handle quite a demand.  We charged the iphones, kindle, ipads easily and very quickly.  I have found that the New Trent Products charge faster than the wall outlet and since it is portable it is quite comfortable and convenient to be charging the electronic while still using it or at least away from the wall. The size and shape of the iTorch is very convenient to carry, it is light and ergonomically comfortable in your hand. it also fits easily in a small purse or even pocket.  I also have the New Trent IMP120D  12000mAh and I can say with certainty, that on a daily basis I will use the iTorch, but on travel I will take the IMP120D. It charges easily and quickly to take on the go for a day's use, especially as fast as the batteries drain from electronics it is always nice to have some back up.  I have not had use for the flashlight or laser but I did test them and they worked well.  Ultimately, I would highly recommend this product to anybody with electronics! and kids, who aways seem to say their phone died and that's why they didn't answer. It is extremely versatile since it charges basically anything that uses a USB cable.  I have read some complaints about it not coming with a DC charger cable, but the fact that it is 100% compatible with the apple cable is good enough for me.  Actually, it is nice to not have too many cables.  You only need one at a time and with today's electronic waste- it find it unnecessary to provide something you already have.  Less to carry and less waste.

304	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	best on the market. can not go wrong with this brand.
488	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described
Overall, I still prefer it to an earbud or other wearable bluetooth device, but I hope that Jabra updates and adresses these issues in the next model.
5 - Belt clip is not strong enough. I wouldn't trust it.
8785	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Small and hold charge well....has worked well for over a year.
Excellent sound quality.
8755	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It talks while you are using it, and a basic needs for you. As I said in the title " Visually Impaired "
Nokia's PC Suite is powerful, if you can get it to work.  Setting up your PC to use a Bluetooth stack isn't trivial (lookup Jon's "Definitive Blueeooth Guide" for the best help; also geekzone.co.nz).  When it does work, it's wonderful.  Pull off images, upload WAVs to use as ringtones, save all settings for backup, synchronize Outlook contacts and calendar to the phone, superb utility if you get it to go.
 * the battery appears on the iPhone lock screen indicating the IMP52D is charging the iPhone battery -
977	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have previously owned the v400, v525, v600, and now the v710. I am definitely glad I switched, this was the nicest and most reliable phone out of those. My only complaint with these Verizon phones is with the antenna size.
1912	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I cheaped out and I'm sorry!

7437	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this is a high end model featuring the most fantastic features of a bluetooth device the stylish boom will help you feel comfortable and ensure the bluetooth is on and in function the sound and noise reduction is perfect the price and everything around is a real breeze still enjoying it.
4. Usability
(3) Significantly improves voice and data signal quality;
The Scala works great with the Treo 650 too. It's hard to tell which one sounds louder - I'll experiment a little more and then write in once I have a winner.

UPDATE #2:  Apparently there is an adapter that allows for the use of the IMP500 with the iPad.  They are shipping me the adapter so I will update again once I confirm that it will work.  So far I must say that idealpoint's Customer Service is top notch and that alone has earned the 5th star back.  They have addressed my concerns in a timely fashion and I have faith that the adapter will resolve the issue.  I would definitely recommend buying from idealpoint as they stand by their products and will work to make it right if someone is dissatisfied.
 C) Turns to side for widescreen view - clicks in place and easily resets to the upright position.

4088	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Incredible product for the low price. My friends didn't believe it until they saw it. Thanks Amazon.
Finally, the phone.  Admittedly, I didn't buy this product for its ability to take calls.  Really only needed the bluetooth music portion.  I had assumed that if I also had my bluetooth phone headset on, my phone would know which was which and switch when a phonecall came through.  But alas, the Pre holds onto the LiquidAux for dear life.  So when a phone call comes through, you press the phone button on the remote or on the LiquidAux, and, voila, crystal clear sound through the stereo.  Rejoice!  Umm, but, the tiny little mic on the product is behind my shifter, and just inches from the transmission, so the faster I'm going, the less likely anyone can understand what I'm saying even with shouting.  But if the key is in ACC or the car is idling, there are few complaints.  For those who are also wondering how to switch calls to a much more understandable bluetooth headset, it's a pretty complex process that you probably don't want to do in heavy traffic.  Basically I have to switch the phone to speakerphone, hold the power button on the LiquidAux until it beeps through the stereo (I don't know how some other customers missed this, but it tells you when it switches off or on with an audio tone), then turn on my bluetooth headset and hope that the phone sees it and pairs with it before the other party gives up waiting... just kidding, but it can take a little while to pair depending on your phone/headset combination.  If I have my headset on already, I still have to tell the phone to pair with it once it loses the LiquidAux.... but again, that might be a Pre thing.
5727	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	found a pack of these in a dollar store and used it on my smartphone case for two years.  it kept me from losing my cel phone because it kept my cel phone clipped to me.  i just got a new cel phone, really a smart phone, and i could not find these clips anywhere, till i searched on amazon.
Volume buttons are easy to press, and don't really require setting very often, once you set the volume, you'll probably leave it.


the headset is closed type earbud, almost completely blocks out outside noise

-Volume buttons and especially the power buttton are rather hard to fiddle with while it's on your ear.
9293	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been very happy with the SwitchEasy iPhone cases. The holster provides the option of carrying the phone on one's belt. The phone (with SwitchEasy case installed) snaps tightly into the holster, which makes getting it out of the holster a bit of an effort, but not bad. Better than the phone falling out. The clip is large and easy to use, and rotates to carry the phone vertically or horizontally. It remains to be seen how durable the holster is, but at the moment it works just fine.
I wear glasses, so I have to adjust the earpiece to fit over the ear along with the arm of the glasses. It only takes a moment and even though both are over one ear, it is still very comfortable.
The installation instructions on this device are pretty demanding. So I wanted to test it out before I installed it, to make sure that it worked. Installation does require a penetration through your house for the coax cable. This wasn't quite clear in the instructions or the description.
5018	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Useless and doesn't work for plugging in paypal pay here. Why make a product that doesn't work?
I might be partial to the 'enterprise'/for_business series of Nokia, but Ive owned an N70 and 72, with the same or higher price that this E51, and E51 beats them both hands down.
7324	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This was is a bad phone. It worked for a short time. Then, it stopped working in a bad location and my husband was unable to reach me. This was supposed to be a new phone, not a reconditioned phone. I am very disappointed with this phone. My husband loved the Motorola RAZR V3 phone and was looking forward to using this phone.
356	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Worked great, once.  Second time I went to charge my phone it said it couldn't be charged.  Put the factory battery back in and it charges no problem.  Also, battery cover is the thinnest piece of plastic ive ever seen. It cracked in my pocket and I don't even know why. It's the cheapest because it's junk.  Spend $50 on a good one.
  include addresses from your competitive phone.

Had another review on here with 3 stars, but had to delete it for this one. The is definitely 5 stars with the new update.

9606	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased to improve reception in some marginal areas on BLM land using a Verizon Blackberry for Voice and the Verizon USB760 modem for Data. To be sure the product worked as advertised I did some testing at home before attempting setup in the field. To verify and document, I did RSSI screen prints "before" & "after" implementing the Wilson DT.  I clamped the receiver at the top of a Painter's Extension pole that I purchased at Home Depot that can be extended to about 25', and connected the amplifier and antenna using the supplied coaxial cable to inside my office home office. Without the Wilson DT: RSSI (1xRTT): -88 dBm /  RSSI (1xEVDO): -90 dBm  .................  WITH the Wilson DT: RSSI (1xRTT): -60 dBm / RSSI (1xEVDO): -75 dBm ........ From these tests I know I can get an improvement if I can get any signal at all in the field, so the product does what it's advertised to do.
The bad: There is no hole other than the top slot where the cord can pass through... this could be an issue for some cell phones, but it was fine with mine.
1854	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I wasn't too sure at first when I received this item if I would like it or not. At first it seemed a little flimsy, and that it may not hold up. I have used it once and so far it has been fine. I still am not 100% sure how it will hold up after continuous use, or by someone who uses it daily.
5368	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this case!  It fits my BB Curve perfectly.  And it protects well.
~Karl
However it does not like hubs, at least the unpowered one I plugged it into, thats the only reason I gave it 4 stars.


6981	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just as good as the best review, good quality. i would buy another or recommend someone to purchase one. as described.
A bigger problem was the velcro fastening.  The car side velcro's glue was of such poor quality that it wouldn't stick well enough to stay on when separating the two velcro strips.  The unit side wasn't any better.  The fastening between the two strips was stronger than the strip itself on the unit side!  I pulled on the car side velcro and the unit side came apart.  Absolute rubbish.  Use a razor to remove the remains, and used contact cement to glue the unit to dash.  Contact cement is applied to both sides, allowed to cure for 10-15 minutes, then bonds instantly when the two touch.  Bond is like glue on doublesided tape but a bit stronger.

The 2-3 line display of the Parrot CK3100 is plenty of display for me.  Some users may not even need a model with a display.  The display indicates phone battery charge and cellular signal strength, although on my Palm Treo 700p with Verizon the cell signal strength is not accurate as displayed on the CK3100 display.
very affordable in Amazon's "bulk package" offer
Cons:

Each person I used this set with said that it was difficult to hear me and that everything sounded muffled. I wasn't sure if it was the headset or the phone. After getting another headset, it definitely was the this piece of junk.
Hint: Turn the graphics off in the browser to get faster page loads. This is especially handy when you need to get to the facts fast!
I had high expectations. I am returning this unit to Amazon and will look at the Jabra BT500 (read good reviews about it: in-ear position & USB charging).
Everything sounds clear over the phone. If using on PS3, set your sound output to your speakers or else you'll get obnoxious static from the earpiece. Listening to music with this is pretty useless if you're into that sort of thing.

6173	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pros: Sleek design, light weight. Cool laser pointer, LED light and 3 bar battery life indicator. I was able to get 2 full charges on my iPhone 4S. Decent battery for the price!

7812	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	cool product



<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H300-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B0016L98XM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H300 Bluetooth Headset</a>
Trust me Do not buy from this company, make sure you read the FINE PRINT (wich I never Saw it), I bought a product from them and I try to return it and I got and stupid answer from them, after 3 attempts. I will call BBB for this company, and thats a promise.
Plus it doubles as a flashlight and laser. I've had a blast getting my cats to chase after that little red light! oh, and it turns off after a little bit so you don't have to worry about accidentally turn it on and kill your battery. You actually have to press the button, and then tap it again to turn on the laser, or hold it to turn on the light. It won't come on in your pocket and if by some craziness it does... It will go out after a little bit.
4458	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I own two sets. Works for Dta Transfer PDANet, an probably for whatever you need... Awesome buy. Works on mb511 too! I will buy another if the next phone I buy is compatible.
5529	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product is does what it's supposed to do, and it's like you get a GPS machine  (soon turn-by-turn, according to rumors) through your iphone.  You can even "watch" TV shows (though not live TV), movies, and other videos by plugging the iPhone into your car speaker system through FM signal or tape cassette adapter.
All in all, I think it's a great phone, even though it doesn't have a QWERTY keyboard. After all it is a PHONE.



surprise when I opened my order because the detachable hand strap wristlet has the same color and same material like

There are many things to like. The small size makes it very easy to grab and move around with. It fits in my pocket or messenger bag easily. Even though its small, it still feels solid and well built. Sometimes you can feel a piece of equipment and tell that it's not well designed. This is not the case with this product. It doesn't feel cheap - it looks and feels very dependable.
1824	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent phone.  Great reception, great sound, the speakerphone works, the speech recognition works (even in a car, even with my young son's voice).  Also pairs easily with Bluetooth headsets.

9428	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the best product on the market for the money, fast delivery, does what it says, easy to setup, great price, highly recommend
451	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a Nuvi for our delivery trucks. The included suction cup soon became useless after a few months from constant changing of vehicles. Thanks to a purchase suggestion from Amazon, I discovered the friction mount. It is perfect, if the Nuvi must be used frequently in several vehicles, or simply removed from a vehicle often to prevent theft.
4729	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had high hopes for this but was let down hard. It sounded like I was inside a tin can. I tried it with the Noise Shield on and off but no difference. The caller on the other end didn't notice that effect but the removal of background noise for them was no better than my favorite, the Plantronics Voyager 510. The other big issue was the fit. The ear loop is slightly spring loaded to keep the mouthpiece sensor pressing against your cheek. This is intended to allow the sensor to differentiate between your voice and the background sounds. The problem was that the spring tension of the ear loop was slightly pushing the headset off my ear. It comes with several ear bud sizes and two ear loop sizes. I tried them all, on both ears. No luck. It was held on so loosely that the slightest lean of my head to that side and off it came. Completely unacceptable and far worse than all the others I've tried. I have tested 8 different headsets. The way I do my tests is to pair two headsets, put one in each ear, and then switch between them while on the same call. Even if I ignore the fit problem (a deal breaker for me) the sound quality was poor. Worse for me than the caller but why bother, I'll stick with my 510.


3830	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm a die hard Whovian and so had to have this on my phone. but it came with several problems, one of which is that I couldn't find a place to attach it to my iphone - a 5s.  it also doesn't work with this model, but I didn't care. I knew both caveats before I purchased it. the charm itself is sturdily made and absolutely adorable. the little tardis spins and flashes bright blue basically whenever the mood strikes it, but it is so cute, you can forgive it everything. wish there was a shut off, because it  spun itself to death the first day I had it. the batteries went dead and that was it. I am buying a box of batteries for it and will treat myself now and then

my purse and charge my phone on the go. I also had it in the van and could
legally hands free when driving in California, and I use them
4700	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I work in dirty environments often and wanted something that would protect my smart phone screen without providing a lot of bulk.  I removed the drawstring and simply slide my phone in the case.  It is easy to "pour out" when I get a phone call.  The fabric is very soft.
4132	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is a replacement for the original one I lost.  The same product was much cheaper than the cost at a Verizon store.
9634	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They all worked

I hate my treo.  I really do.  And it's been almost 2 years.  Good riddance.
1) you need a TV capable of displaying the 480p resolution using component video inputs (three jacks that look like stereo jacks but usually marked blue, green, red).  Most LCD and Plasma TVs should be able to do that.  Possibly some older high-end sets will.

2360	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I BOUGHT TWO JUST TO HAVE ONE CHARGING WHILE I USE THE OTHER ONE.
498	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one cool gadget.  Stuff that cost extra on my previous phone (data cable and software) is not needed here - I have an infrared port on my laptop.  My Outlook Address book transferred via infrared in seconds. The software to do this is free from Nokia's web site and installs in minutes. You can also do it with the BlueTooth connection (a BlueTooth USB adaptor is under 40 bucks!)  What I think is really cool, is that the phone is a modem for my laptop - again via infrared or BlueTooth. A also use a BlueTooth headset, and again, it was a snap to install.

WITH MY IPHONE MAKES MY WORKOUTS GOOD WORK!
1699	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good!


7008	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I can be a clutz and of course I find ways to scratch my screen. Well this time my daughter got a hold to my phone but the protector did its job and my screen was safe! I would definitely recommend this product just to be on the safe side because you never known and it's a great price.
4. Easy to control, reach and remember function button.
Overall, I'm quite pleased with this item but only give it 4 stars because the stereo sound could be better.
8116	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was looking to replace my old LG Chocolate but I didn't want to give up this style of phone.  So I purchased a Refurbished one. The phone looks awesome and works great.
5960	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I liked the fact that 2 power related cords for recharging this were included, although it would also have been nice for it to have come with an AC power adapter instead of needing a USB power source from a laptop of cell phone charger.

8753	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought 8 phones to travel to Haiti on 5/6/10. I took the phones with me and none worked. I added the slim card and the phone says no slim. I do not trust them. Motorola motofone F3 is a piece of trash.
9866	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked well.
5. IT IS huge and heavy! It doesn't fit in the wristlet I got so I had to get a bigger bag. I got a over the vent phone holder for the car that I loved and this is so heavy and big I had to constantly pushing it back so it doesn't fall out. I am hoping it didn't stretched out the tension hold of the holder!
Thanks
3035	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Was disappointed that it did not come with the antenna adapter. It wasn't able to be just plug and play, as I thought it would be.
2840	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This item is a great way for carry my Zune and its accessories. Everything fits nice and snug, no jiggling around. I'm really glad someone came up with this bag. It's super convenient and i thought the price was very affordable. I have no problem recommending it to anyone.
The main piece still works as of this day, just not the other ear since it became loose. Looong standby time, and the mic extends a little bit so it'll be closer to your mouth. Can be put on left/right ear. In-ear type of headsets.
-Bluetooth pairing is effortless between devices.
Battery life is decent--not as good as my H605, but the call quality is far superior, so I can live with it--I get about 6 hours of continuous talk out of it.
Other than what I listed above, the phone is great and I am still fairly happy with the phone.
smartphones, or perhaps an iPad overnight, but that's not what it was
Headset might be good, but I'll not be recommending these and I'll not be inclined to buy another Aliph product again.
To echo the comments about the AIM client, which is utterly reliable vs. the yahoo client, which drops and reconnects all the time, is probably worthwhile.
The manual is easy to read and clear.  It's more thorough than some I've read.
1334	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have tried multiple wired headsets and the HS820 Moto Bluetooth ear piece for my Blackberry.  They have all been either not loud enough or in the case of the HS820, bad sound quality.  I decided to try the HF820 and it works really well.  The volume is quiet good and the noise cancellation seems be quiet good as well as people I spoke to during my drive on the highway in my car, with windows up, didn't notice I was on the speaker unit.
6566	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not boost my data signal.  Very clumsy.  Had to take the arms off for the Verizon jetpack to set on it.  The connection cable got very hot when plugged in....too hot for fingers.  That made me uncomfortable.
4456	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery is the same as the original battery that came with my phone. Many of even the OEM batteries with the same part number are not 710mah, but something less. I tried an off brand that didn't list it's rating and it only lasted about half as long. With a little use this battery can last three days or more, where my old one was down to about half of one day with the same use.
3530	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fits s4 at&t shipped an s5 so did not fit.
EDIT: What the hell... I just noticed the one I reviewed here wasn't the one I ordered and received. MINE is bigger, has a removable top bin over the power strip area, plenty of room for the typical wall wart plugs with phone charges and such, FOUR openings in the front to route the charging plug ends to the devices..... wth.... lol
Size wise, I would have preferred a little smaller to perfectly fit the phones, or a bit longer to fit something else in there as well.

2601	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased the Plantronics Explorer 350, which is the same headset, but comes with different accessories. The 350 does not include a home charger. It instead includes a USB charger, for home charging, and a sleek car carrying case and car charger, which plugs into the carrying case. The case has a clip which attaches easily to your air conditioning vent, and the charger cord slips into the carrying case, allowing you to charge it in the case, while in your vehicle.


All told, this was a very good purchase.

As a note, I do notice that my range with the T68i is far less than with the Jabra multi-adapter.  With the adapter I got a good 30 feet of range from the phone/adapter to the headset.  With the T68i, I'm geting maybe ten feet, max.  Apparently SonyEricsson's implementation of Bluetooth isn't up to par.  But you can't fault the headset for that.

We then tested the zBoost YX545 cellular booster. Like others who have reviewed this unit. The coax cable which comes with it is a joke, way too thin. So to make a fair test, we used the same coax cable which we used with the Wilson Electronics cellular booster. We installed the zBoost antenna to the existing coax in the same location at the peak of the roof, and the zBoost booster in the living room at the other end. After powering up the unit, this is the coverage we achieved inside the cabin using an iPhone in test mode:
White adapter received from seller "eTECH" (mailing label said "iflash Inc") - 1 star:
I wish the material was ventilated, but I haven't experienced overheating or other issues.

3812	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought the unit to add bluetooth to my car stereo. the unit shows up and only has a 6 foot cable on it.  Great if you want the cable dangling across the windshield, junk if you want to actually install the unit in the car with no wires showing.
7868	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does the job as described.  Looks are clean and efficient. Construction is thin and lightweight. Whether that's a pro or a con depends on how you use it.  I would recommend.

Great laser pointer and spot light led nice
All in all, I highly recommend the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset.  When I finally break or lose this one, I will look at replacing it with another Aliph model before any other manufacturer.


OTHER OPTIONS - WINDOWS MOBILE OR APPLE OR PALM: No other operating system offers as many downloadable apps as the Symbian systems. This means you can download Symella and download music, video and files to your phone like LIMEWIRE. You can download Handwave and direct your phone w/o even touching it. You can download Nokmote, Rockandscroll or Rotateme and direct the N82 by motion. There are countless more free apps available. It's just more expandable than any other operating system.
- good transmitted audio reports frome
If you're going to use this always where you can keep the mic attached, I would highly recommend it.

4381	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It didn't fit the phone I had bought it for but it fit my other phone my LG. Its nice black leather with a magnet closer that actually works. It was fast delivery. Would like to find a bigger one to fit my Fascinate just like it.

1258	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The best thing about this headset is the ability to keep it in your pocket and then at a moment's notice, flip it open [simultaneously answering a call] and place it on your ear to begin your conversation. This allows for crazt battery life because the headset is mostly off, along with keeping you from looking like the borg all the time [or just a jerk].
1029	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Forgot I had this on my phone until I got the request to review it. But, my phone has been working exceptionally well lately...because of these boosters!! I have a Blackberry Torch. You just put this sticky little piece of film by your battery and *viola* you have way better reception!! Seems to do the trick. Recommend!! And it's a great price to boost your phone's antenna.
- T-mobile didn't hassle me about returning both units when I was very unhappy with my new phone.
Audio quality is ok. Battery life is pretty good, but the standby was nowhere like what's claimed. Texting works, but at 6 characters per screen full it can take some time to read each one. The display is just plain cool. I think I think half the reason I bought it was just to have an E-ink display. It's very thin and light for a phone, but it's a good density so it doesn't feel cheap. It has no features to speak of, but that's why it's so inexpensive.

I returned this unit and have opted not to purchase another since the appropriate booster for my home would cost thousands.

Conclusion:  The Nokia 6126 is a nice phone with many features.  I only gate it 4-stars because of the battery life.  This is a must, especially for a frequent traveler (like me) or those who use the phone/Bluetooth earpiece a lot.  Nokia has to improve on the battery life, and this is easily done with a patch to automatically turn off Bluetooth when there are no Bluetooth devices around.
2796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had a cell phone that still worked fine but the battery was not holding a charge anymore and the cell phone company no longer had batteries for it. The local battery store was going to charge me $35 for a battery! I found this and thought it was worth a try. I started using it in early January and it's April and still going strong. The charge lasts for a few days like when it was new! I'm very happy with this purchase!
1541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best Bluetooth I have had.  It is clear and very comfortable.  All the others I have tried hurt my ear after a while but this one never does.  It's like you aren't even wearing it.  It is clear when people are talking to you as well as clear to them when you are talking.  You can't go wrong this this headset at all.
  8100 or later phones that MAY enable some of these features,
9679	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	All 5 batteries tested dead! Worthless!!
UPDATE:
The worst part? Those were my redundant data storage. I lost everything.
Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!

7226	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	the phone came with out the owner's manual, and head set. The battery was dead and the phone doesn't work (doesn't turn on), battery wouldn't charge.


4578	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i think this screen protector is great. I was really skeptical about buying one on line but this one is definitely worth it since the ones in the apple store cost about 15 dollars. this fits the iphone perfect and the hole for the ear piece is slightly bigger to allow the sensor that is located there to work better. I had no bubbles when I put it on and it feels as if there is no screen protector on the glass after all is said and done. I'm about to order a few more just to have and to give to my sister and friends. Great Product!

BUTTONS
6622	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to help in our phone reception.  It does the job well.  Thanks for the help to keep connected.
5195	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very nice design. I like the style and controls. However, the headset that comes with the unit is bad. The ear pieces will not stay in the ear. But because of the design, any ear buds can be used in place of the supplied ones. The only other issue I have is the unit keeps cutting in and out. That said I would still purchase a replacement unit if something happens to this one.

1362	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	AT&T Single SIM Card UMTS 3G UICC-B
When this comes in a different color I probably will get another.

1424	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Yes this is a GREAT headset and like it better than my Plantronics PRO that I also have.  Used a 510 for more than a year before the rubber over the ear finally disintegrated due to so much use.  My other one had a batter connection come lose internally, but I cant blame it after about 500 charges over a year and a half.
This battery is still working for me.
So why four stars?  Well, it is comfortable enough to wear (without the ear hook) for hours, if necessary, and most of the time it works well, with no noticeable audio defects.  Plus, for the price level, it works much better than anything I ever had from Motorola.  It's easy to find the buttons to answer/hang up and adjust the volume.  I consider this a good choice for a budget bluetooth device, although people who plan on using one every day for important calls will probably want to upgrade to a more expensive model.



Opening messages is a bit slower than older Blackberry's
7781	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	4 of 5 stars, not sure this is the perfect BT headset.  The first one had a bad battery, wouldn't hold a charge, Amazon did a quick replacement. Second is working great, light, much louder than the older Motorola units. I have to turn the volume down a little, the old unit was maxed out and still hard to here people at times.  This uses the new Micro USB connect, they should have kept the Mini as it would have fit the case and people with chargers would not need to buy an adapter. All over I think the unit is a nice upgrade and if you own an older Motorola it is worth the price to get a lighter, louder unit. The status light color for charge left is also a nice touch and it is easier to pair with our Bluetooth phone or other device.
4959	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This item was purchased to use with my portable speakers and Apple iPod while away on business or travel, it has worked out great.
8026	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Motorola W375 is a great phone but like the other reviewer, it is true that Net10 has disabled a few necessary features that make this phone such a great deal.  No, you can't upload your photo's to your pc so you can't print out your memories.  I have had to send my photo's to my best friends cell, she then uploads them and emails them to my pc.  Really don't like having to impose on her (good thing I now keep my digital camera with me all the time).  Unfortunately, next year our family will go back to a family plan with another carrier.  I guess you truely get what you pay for.
3228	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I was disappointed with this case, especially since it got so many positive reviews.
4664	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good size. The metal clip is on the loops so it is a little lose on my waist when I use the clip. Fits my note 3 with zerolemon battery and case nicely.
June 29, 2012: happy to report the Rhino battery is working fine.
1632	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Although this is my first bluetooth headset, I've owned several regular headsets, and even without the wires this blows all the others away!  The sound is excellent, and doesn't suffer from a lot of the wind tunnel effect that you get on many other sets.

home during the week.


Apparently, there is a magnet to where, as you bring the two lovely snow people closer together, they cling and kiss. My MIL loves this feature!
If you can... I definitely think that a investment in some Etymotics will get you a great earbud and then add those gels with this BT headset and you will be GOLDEN!!
6840	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great deal - much better than buying them in any local store.  And they work.

8844	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It worked great and charged my iphone 5 in an hour from 40%. Too bad I dropped it into a lake.
5996	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First of all let me just say this product was better then expected. I love the design and quality of the IMP52D Itorch. It fits nice in the palm of your hand or in your pocket. Out of the box it came only about 20% charged but I plugged it into my usb port on my monitor and about 6-8 hours it was completely charged. A couple of days passed by and while working on the roof of a building I was installing a commercial size satellite. Looked at my phone and I was about 20% battery left. lucky for me I carried my iTorch in my book bag and was able to charge my phone with the included micro usb cable. It took me about 3.5 hours for satellite installation. By the time I was finished my battery life was completely at 100 %  Now I'm not saying it took the total of 3.5 hours to charge but from the time I connected it to the time I finished my job it was nice to know that I was not going to have a dead phone. Its nice that it has a laser pointer and led flash light built in , don't know if i will ever use it but it also came with a velvet sack to place it in. In my opinion it would be nice if it came with a molded hard case to place it in. Since sometimes it is in my bag and when I place it down anything that's inside of my bag could press the button that turns on the laser pointer. All in all I love the product, the look , the design but would have loved a hard case for it.
2431	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this item!! I actually wasn't sure there was such a thing as a Bluetoth Carrying Case - I surfed the net and found this and it's PERFECT for the Jabra headset I have.  Makes it much easier to carry the Bluetooth - THANKS!!

 Built-in Flashlight


Camera quality poor
While sound quality was quite good, there are several physical attributes that made it less appealing to me.
If you are in a area with a fairly strong signal, the data rate seemed to be slower when using the booster. I would attribute this to the inherent signal delay introduced by the booster - which probably does not affect voice calls, so don't expect higher data rates when using the booster with a data card. On the other hand, when using a data card where the external signal is VERY weak, the data card was unable to keep a reliable data connection, but the signal was still usable for a voice connection.
THE SELLER SHOULD HAVE WARNED CONSUMERS OF THIS & the least u
9085	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I couldn't be more pleased with this product! I use it with the HTC Inspire and with my iPad 3 and love the way I can charge the batter with my HTC wall adapater or plug it into my laptop to charge. I travel locally a lot and appreciate not having to be tethered to my car or wall charger to keep my phone charged. I have more than enough charges for various devices, it's nice that battery has USB or mini-port options built-in. I find myself connecting my phone to the charger in my purse and it charges while I'm on the go! I've used it on my iPad but I use it mostly with my phone. I have no complaints, just praises!
For its price, its doing a great job and my sister loves it too.


The unit comes with a long cord, and additional hardware to allow various ways to connect it to the car, all of which looks sturdy and functional, tough I ended up not using them - the unit fits perfectly in the space between the front Passenger seat and the center console (on two cars now - a Subaru Wagon and a Toyota Camry).

My boy dropped the phone on the floor.  Phone landed on its back. But front face glass shattered.  Still working, but disappointed for the face glass broken by the shock to its back.
7622	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Pros:
I was concerned when I received them (plain white envelope) since the date printed on the back showed 2006, but I was told that was the patent date - not the manufacture date.  Kudos to the shipper for responding quickly.
MOTOROLA OEM BR50 RAZR V3 V3a V3c V3g V3i V3m BATTERY
3725	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Sorry to be short but this just works and I have no complaints. May need to buy a couple more for other cars.
1. Full-to-empty charge is indicated by 4 blue LED lights, which are not very accurate.  I would prefer a numeric or continuous scale indicator.

2352	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	this thing isn't comfortable at all...and doesn't stay on my ear worth a darn.

I would rate at at 4 stars FOR THIS PRICE POINT.  At the price, my only real complaints are that I would like more characters on the screen and would like better support for handsfree.
[Revaluation after almost 3 years: I tried the Kensington. It was no more stable but less reliable. So I returned to the CyberPower, but without the base or vertical position.  I velcroed its back side to the wooden surface behind my desktop machine, with printer and two 500GB storage drives inputted to the rear, one USB cable from the front side to the USB of my iMac, and a flash drive connected to the top side of the hub.  Absolutely no problems.  This item continues to rise in both popularity and price because it's so good.  Should it ever fail, I doubt there's any other hub available that could surpass it. Forget the "cuteness" factor; this thing is all business.]
JIS "0" No special protection
-Alex
*However*, all that said: This package came with three screen protectors, so after going through the first two with the same results, I trimmed the third one so that it cuts offs instantly before the "BlackBerry" bump. And now the screen protector works perfectly - flat, no air bubbles, no sticky mess, and good protection from scratches, fingerprints, and the mild rough handling it receives in my purse.
5623	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
Well made
Not much to say, it is about 3 inches long, is basically a headphone port extension cord.
It's a good choice, but a little pricey.

9488	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works, but it requires and external antenna. The fact that you have wrap the antenna around your door closing on the wire is a bit disconcerting. My car has really tight doors and I worry that it will quickly chop it in half ...
7855	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	You cannot use the remote controls with this case on iPhone.  I got mine from elago.  Every vendor may be different.  The annoying part is that they are all under the same item and there is no way to figure out unless you buy it.

NOTE: If you are ok with putting superglue in your ear to keep it attached, please disregard this review.

The standard Nikon cover seemed to start getting scratched right away. I always hated it because it was so thick and obnoxious looking. So I tried this and you can't even tell it is there. I just hope if I ever do need to replace it that it comes off easy enough because it is on there!

9953	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery worked just fine.
9272	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Change plus shipping, what a amazing deal.. This is a very nice product I couldn't ever expect to find this in a store at this price or this quality.

It comes with several cable adapters that look like you can use it with about any reasonably modern cell phone, so I love that I can probably also charge my mom's phone for her in a pinch. If you're charging your iPhone, you just use the USB cable that came with your phone (or iPod or whatever). To charge the actual battery pack, you use the retractable cable included with the iFuel, but you plug that into the little AC power charger/adapter that came with your iPhone or iPad. Super easy. (And also small and kinda cool-looking.)
9. Shares common power supply with many other Plantronics devices for ease of power sharing.

However, as I said above, the right earbud keeps dying. It crackles a bit for a day or two, and then it's more like silence with a little crackling in every so often. My first pair of Buds started failing on June 10th, 2015, based on my e-mails (and I got the gift in mid-December). Luckily, Motorola has always been great about replacements for me (I also had a Moto X, which I broke...twice...). I was able to show my Amazon receipt and get a replacement in within a week, with Motorola paying shipping all ways.
The Good:
- This phone is tiny; in a good way. Super-slim and tucks nicely in your pocket. Being that it's a slider, you'll never have to worry about pocket-dialing. :)
Update May 2008:  As M. Cirone points out in the comment below, there are now car charger accessories available for the WEP 200!
You can also multi-pair! Pair it up with 2 cell phones, and quickly switch between them!
5120	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am pleased with the phone. I bought this for my wife to carry to work. When she comes home it is usually very cold and I wanted her to have a phone to use if she needed to call for help. This one is priced right and came with No contract. I will buy minutes every three months, cheap  to buy, cheap to use.

I still give it solid 5 stars as the cons don't effect me much.
Added info, May 3, 2017: Go to google play store or apple app store and install a signal display app. I am using one called "Network Cell Info Lite" that has a gauge readout on your screen with a fairly fast refresh rate to give you your signal strength in real time. Really helps you figure out were to place the phone in the cradle for the best gains. And it's kind of fun to drive with it turned on so you can watch the changes as you drive. I also got a new phone. It's a Samsung Galaxy S8, and it sits even taller than my old Motorola phone did. I made a new metal bracket for it, and it now sits around and inch and a half below where the cradle's pegs would have stopped it. A re-design of the bottom of the unit is badly needed. Get with it, Wilson!
I set it up as best I could - I live in a condo - but saw no difference in cell phone signal strength before and after plugging this thing in.  As I am in a condo, I could only put the receiver up against a window, not outside on a pole or something.
That said, I would have given the product 5 stars except that when playing music from my phone, the first second or two of each song is clipped off.  There appears to be some latency in deleivering the signal.  It might be a problem in the way the phone transmits Bluetooth, rather than a problem with the headset, but the phone has no latency in playing music through its own speakers. I'd be interested in knowing if others experience this problem. (I have a Samsung A737 phone from AT&T.)
5613	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, watch out for the compatibility issues on the different chargers.  Make sure your charger works with the blue dot tips.
- i don't have to the turn the volume up to the highest setting
4917	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great workaround for those cases that the non OEM headphones can't plug into because of the narrowness of the jack opening caused by the case

When I get up in the morning I don't even have to think about a charger and I do whatever I want on my phone without any worries. On a typical day of use I will end the day with still about 70%. On a heavy day after watching a movie and having the screen on full I might be in the 30%s. I have to really try to get in much lower than that in a day.

- The clarity and volume are on par with other headsets in this price range. The trick is getting the phone volume right. Once you do this the sound quality is much better.

I tried the Sennheiser because I love their other products. I wasn't expecting much but it's both light and comfortable. It's quite large but it's very light and I very quickly forget it's there. It works really well, with a pleasant chime to tell you it's connected and when a call arrives. No complaints from callers and the sound is good. Noise rejection is pretty good, too.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-Mobile-Freedom-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B00069IQG0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech Mobile Freedom Bluetooth Headset</a>
3125	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really have a problem when I read these reviews, not only on this product but others as well, and I have read a lot of them, when people complain when they haven't even given the product a chance to prove its worthiness because they are way too impatient to truly check the product out. I say this because, I agree that these screen protectors do scratch really easy especially if you use some sort of "squeegie" to apply them with. Because of all that scratchiness, they do appear slightly fuzzy and not shiny and clear like other brands. But, when my phone is on and the LCD is lit, I see no issue what so ever. My screen is still very easy to read and appears much like it would without some sort of screen protector on. Now, the very interesting part is about the bubbles that most of you are complaining about. Yes, when I installed mine, there were a few bubbles, some smaller and one very large one. At first I was annoyed by this but you have to remember, you have to make sure your screen is ultimately clean and free of debris before you ever install these or any other brand of screen protector. Otherwise, any dust spec on your screen before you apply the protector will cause a bubble. If you touch the "sticky" side of the protector before installing it, this will cause bubbles and it will NOT adhere to your screen very good. But, if you have patience like me and loose some of that angriness most of you seem to put forward, I have noticed that within a few days, without me doing any other proding or scratching to try to get rid of the bubbles, the bubbles have disappeared and taken care of theirselves. Imagine that. Because of that reason alone, I will NOT be pealing this one off and trying anything else. I like that it has an extra stickiness and it stays in place really well. The fact that I can still view my screen without any differnce makes me think these aren't near as bad as some of you folks complain about. Now, I can admit that I haven't tried using my phone outside in the bright sun yet. My phone use is mostly restricted to in home use. But, I can say, as with ANY device with an LCD screen, whether it be a laptop, cell phone, Ipod, digital camera....anything with an LCD screen, you can't see them well outside anyway. You have to admit that to yourself. The brightness of the direct sun tends to fade what you see once you are outside. So those of you complaining that these protectors make too much glare (glare? really?) in the sun, I say lighten up! I had a cell phone once that when the LCD screen was exposed to the sun, the sunlight actually lit it up differently and made it easier to see outside. I had a car stereo that did the same thing...when sun hit the display, it still lit up by the sunlight so you could still see it. I feel more LCD products need to consider this, but we are not reviewing them. So anyway...I just feel you people need to lighten up and not be so critical all the time. That's one problem of the state of the world as it is, umungst other things!!!
- small size and good power (5200mAh)
So, if any using spigen phone case and wanted to use this adapter for putting aux then this will not work
This case is too big for slim Navigon 2100 Max which I have odered aswell and I like it very much. Also the case  has too many openings - which will allow dust go into the unit if you keep it in a dusty and messy place - like my son's car.  I could use this case as a lunch box, but I already have one. So I have returned it to Amazon.
It comes with a 30 mgs of internal memory, but you can add a memory card (up to 4 megs worth). It already comes with a 2 meg card, but bought a 4 meg card and I still haven't even filled it up, and I put a lot of music in it!
8181	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the sim card worked just out of the box and online activation was easy, i had it for a daily plan as traveling along different regions not always had to use the phone every day.
sorry
Just a side note about rubber iPhone cases: I don't like the feel of the rubber cases at all-they feel weird in the hand. And the rubber cases tend to stretch out over time and this lets in dust and grit which can scratch the iPhone. Also Apple recommends you not charge the iPhone will in a rubber case because the heat will not be able to dissipate. This means you have to keep taking it out of the rubber case and putting it back in every time you charge. You can see that these types of cases are less than ideal.
I went with the following charger fro an Amazon 3rd Party for 17 bucks does it all:
The OtterBox case fits amazingly well. The only part of the phone exposed is the trackball. Please note, this is not a slim case... it adds about 3/16 of an inch to all sides of the phone. But it coddles your cellular investment in a nearly indestructible shell of plastic and silicone.
5749	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Item arrived quickly.
Sound Quality
I am able to fit my iPhone 4 with a casing, securely to this assembly. With the price, even though the mount is only available in portrait mode, I am overall happy with this product.
3888	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Extremely high water flow, just wish it would spread the water out a little more.
7394	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Item was shipped as described. Skin matches my phone very nicely. Phone received few scratches which is why I ordered the skin. No scratches since. Would recommend highly!!!
6438	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	i bought this device due to the database capability where i could copy and paste into the notes field.

- Works reliably



5668	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works for the Blackberry Storm and any other device that uses a micro USB port.
So I returned the item and I'm still waiting to receive the replacement from Amazon, even though their email told me my replacement has been shipped via USPS and it should be delivered by June 4th. Well it is now June 8th, and still I have no replacement headset delivered.  Amazon sent me an email advising me that they received my defective headset/charger 3 days ago. So where is my replacement AMAZON!!!!
It's way more than a phone, really small and thin, easy to carry, easy to lock and unlock the keyboard. It takes nice pictures for emergencies if I don't have a camera and it uses a mini SD card, which I have installed and use to store pictures and videos.
9254	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this product based on the raving reviews that it received on here. The product looked sturdy based on the images here as well. The finish is that of soft leather or should I say leather-look-alike. After just two months of usage, the clip is tearing off and the thread used for sewing is being removed. I only use the product 5 days a week and there's not much to mishandling except for, strap on in the morning, strap off at evenings when I get home from work. Surely, I wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless I received the wrong casing as described by other reviewers. To me, disappointingly, I've got to give this my first two star rating.
PROS:
* Spell-Check; a warm welcome to something that has been missing for a LONG time. It's also super-easy to use. I get a prompt right before I send an email asking me to approve typos. Great job BlackBerry!

*****  Besides credit number and you cell phone ID, give them all FAKE information.  ****

2522	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great protection.

Headset sometimes slides around my ear.  There are no foam adapters to customize a good fit like those that come with some other Plantronics bluebooth headsets.

External display
- Maybe Even include an iPhone cable instead of the the usb extension.

If you need a good Bluetooth headset this one is great just make sure your phone's Bluetooth isn't [...]

4. Once you put the headset to mute (by holding the dial during conversation), you can't adjust the volume. I found this one of the biggest cons and very annoying.
9208	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Combine reliablity, quality and great price and you'll get the H-710. I had been using the H-700, which was terrific. However, it's only flaw was it was not waterproof and died following a long converstation I had in a rainstorm. I'm assuming this one will be the same.
4) The flash can also serve as a flashlight. Which is quite useful sometimes when you don't know where you're walking and the light is pretty bright.
I got this phone and well...it is SOOO buggy.  I've e-mailed Nokia, but as of now, I would wait to get this phone.  Wait for some sort of firmware update.  I am thinking about returning it, but will wait to see how Nokia responds to the e-mail I send them.  I will update this review if these issues are resolved.

Update Sep18, 2007:
Suggestion:  Get the phone and get the Bluetooth accessories.  The Bluetooth headset has changed my life.  I always used a headset anyway, but the Bluetooth is much better.  (The HS850 is a very good match).  Also get the Bluetooth (or at least USB) connection to the computer.  This provides an interface between the phone and computer.  I have made ringtones that sound very good (you get 5 megabytes of memory with this phone) and have transferred photos in both directions.  I haven't use it yet to update the datebook, but I will definitely try it out.
3. Feels well built, as are most things Nokia makes; won't break easily


***Update:


Pros:

371	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Product, the battery lasts me more than 2 full days without charging. Considering that I am a heavy user, this is great. The back piece also sits very sturdy.
If you get past the learning curve, this is a really good headset
The only thing that I'm consider to keep this phone because of Bluetooth dialup which still up in the air. But if my work requires me to get a config for my customer, I can be ready anywhere in the Sprint PCS network. Time will tell if Sprint keeps their promise.

Cons:
multi-function button easily reached with your thumb or forefinger.
I'm amazed that you can buy the actual Blackberry OEM skin for such a low cost on Amazon. Verizon sells these for much more in the stores. The skin is so useful and a great value, that whenever I need a free shipping filler, I plan on getting more of them in other colors.  Great skin for my Verizon Blackberry 8330.
-It holds all my appointments, vital information, etc . . . .
8130	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's a good stock but the problem when I put the cable in the iphone.
reception is pretty good, at least it's good as my SDA and nokias
I liked this item so much, I purchased 3 of them. Of the 3, 2 have gone bad with 1 having distorted sound and the other a dead microphone).


Do AC adapters come with this thing or not?!
* Talk time is okay, but not great. I can get maybe 4-5 hours out of it, putting it squarely in the average range based on my experiences.
Voice recognition is an exponential step up - in old school days you had to "program" the voice names by recording your voice - this one is smart enough to guess based off your contacts and it recognizes pretty good.  You can say Call John Work or Call Sally Home or even Send Text Sally Mobile or Open Windows Live Search, etc.  (All with no voice programming)
*I dropped it twice onto pavement and now it resets itself at random. So this is basically my fault, but come on... we all drop our cell phones. They should be able to withstand a couple of drops, especially if it's made out of METAL and not PLASTIC
6549	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This doesn't work miracles but it works well.  I use it all the time for car camping and it's great.  iPhone 6 fits.  It typically boost me about 2 bars, including from none to 2 (if there's any signal at all).  (Using tech app, it'll do something like -107 db to -85).  It gets quite hot, don't put it in the sun, but the heat has never melted or harmed anything.
6065	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the "handiest" external battery chargers I have seen on the market. Not only does it complete two full charge cycles on the iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy S2 and one full charge on the Kindle Fire, but it is designed to comfortably fit in the palm of your hand. The LED flashlight is a nice added touch and the laser pointer is great when making presentations. It would be even better if it had an additional 2.1 amp port, but this might effect the "handiness" of the design if it increased the thickness and weight of the device. As it is designed now, I am able to hold both the iTorch and my smartphone in the palm of my hand while charging. Overall, this is a "must have" for all smart phone users.
Keep you folks posted on the NMO upgrade
Headset fit is another bit concern.  The 510 is the most comfortable for me.  The BT8040 is second, which surprised me.  The H710's hard ear-loop rubs on my ear in one spot and pretty quickly becomes uncomfortable.  The 510 isn't amenable to glasses, but the other two are.  All of the headsets are secure.  The 510 fits well as a result of its design.  The BT8040 fits well, in part because it is so very small and light.  The H710 'hangs' and 'flaps' against the ear, is the least secure of all three, but didn't ever fall off when I was testing it.
Lost my call waiting ability from the headset. Not too bad, I can still use the handset (Motorola E815) to switch between calls.
*PROS*
3. Wifi
5292	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great. No problems. I think this unit charges even faster than the original one.

been up to par with the NewTrent IMP52D. It charges my iPhone, iPad or
It was returned. Not recommended.
The other issue is that it does does not work on cars that have a large glass sunroof.  There is not enough metal around the base of the antenna as required.
There are many things to like. The small size makes it very easy to grab and move around with. It fits in my pocket or messenger bag easily. Even though its small, it still feels solid and well built. Sometimes you can feel a piece of equipment and tell that it's not well designed. This is not the case with this product. It doesn't feel cheap - it looks and feels very dependable.
2. lack of functionality
5548	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This replacement is for my Lenovo T61, and it fits perfectly. I've had it for about 2 months now, and I waited that long before reviewing it because I was skeptical about buying a knock-off brand replacement. But it works perfectly, so definitely save yourself some money and buy this instead of the genuine Lenovo battery!
6109	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good quality design & compact size.

613	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Is a great map very detailed and easy to read some of the countries listed have there names written in the language they speak. For example in Italy they put Rome as Roma so make sure you will be able to understand it. Also this product is well packaged compared to other maps. I love this product and would highly recommend it.

The operation is slightly confusing until you read the instructions start to finish.
More good news - I discovered that one of my old Jabra gelcaps fits really well and it's more comfortable to wear than the "official" earpiece.

2: Power

As for me, I have kept my iPhone 4 in a soft cloth sunglasses pouch with a draw string and then carry that combination in this case. It has worked like a charm.
3513	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Might be a little biased, but honestly all I get anymore is OtterBox cases. Have never had a phone break in one (opposed to other brands) and Amazon makes em nice and cheap to get. Only gripe is that the outside rubber rubberdoes stretch out after awhile and it becomes kind of leathery with use. The bright colors go away after about a month, so keep in mind if you're buying for the aesthetic.
2nd, the price.  I don't use the stereo features of this headset, but it's available, and the whole thing was approx $32 shipped from Amazon. As someone who either breaks or loses their BlueTooth headset very often, I appreciate not having to shell out big bucks for quality.

Could be better:
It still works, and it still gives you a little bump, but just be aware that if you have low-e glass, you might want to look for other options. For us, this just isn't that great.

Thanks Mobal!
so far it works as stated.

2836	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great item have 2 zunes and both fit in this with everything else. Thank you so very much for this product.
All in all, it was a good purchase and best of all is American made
The only quibble I have with the Timbuk 2 Phone holder is that the velcro strap that holds the strap/cover down over the top of the case seems to be looser than it should be.  However, I have not had any problems with my phone inadvertently falling out of the case.  But as velcro tends to beomce less "grippy" as time goes on, I am concerned that the velcro strap may become useless in the future.  The velcro flap for the Timbuk2 Cell Phone case I had previously seemed to be much tighter than the one for the holder.  Perhaps the velcro strap for the holder will prove to be far more sturdy than I anticipate at the moment.  If so, I will upgrade my rating to 5* instead of 4*.
Phone constantly needs to have the settings redone.  How many freakin times do I need to tell you what time/date it is?
5830	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Who knew you could get a replacement trackball for your blackberry delivered for under $5.  This now going to be a regular 6 month service for me.  This is a great deal and the delivery was fast.  The instructions made it a 2 minute replacement and my BB is as good as new.
8314	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	After a week of use, the tip, fuse and ring simply fell apart inside the cigarette lighter.  Can't get it back together.  Needless to say I am disappointed!




2. Wearing glasses
3001	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great item for privacy, shipped fast, easy install and is still on my instinct even though I don't use the phone.
2870	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Matched it with a Modi 2. Works perfect!
3969	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The BlueAnt Supertooth is totally awesome. I bought both the BlueAnt and the Parrot MiniKit. I have to say without a doubt that I love the BlueAnt more. For starters once your phone is initially sync'd all you have to do to connect it to your phone from that point on is just turn on ole Blue. And with the push button mic on switch, there's no need to hold the button for a few seconds. Nope, you just press the mic release button, which is spring loaded, and when the mic comes out the devices simultaneously turns itself on and syncs with your phone. Even if you are already talking on the phone. Then lets say you are blabbing away in your car on the BlueAnt and you get to your destination and you need to get out, just pick up your cell phone then press the mic back into the BlueAnt to turn it off and your on your way. The sound is clear, it blocks out wind noise and background noise. The volume is easy to adjust by pressing a simple + or - sign. The BlueAnt is held in place on your visor with a clip. It has a set of magnets on the back of it that hold it to the metal clip, and you have to do something in the realm of a Duke's of Hazard jump to get that thing to come off. The only thing that I wish I could change about it is that you have to mount it to the left of you visor because the mic comes out to the right. So if you are a passenger you can't have this thing mounted to the right of the visor or the mic will stick out onto the 'A' pillar. But then again if you are the passenger you can just pick up the phone and not worry about it. But you get my drift. If the newer models have addressed this feature I would recommend getting one, but if not, trust me, you won't be disappointed. Way to go Ole Blue!

No more fumbling with the charging port beside my bed!
One positive about the clip is that it works just as advertised as a stand.  And it works great propping up the phone in either the vertical or horizontal position.  Given the very reasonable price and excellent protection, I have no problem recommending this case.  I just wish it had a well designed clip which would have made it perfect.
Pro's: Great size/ form factor. Weight is a tad heavy, but makes the unit "feel" like quality. The flashlight is good, considering its a secondary feature. The laser pointer is a nice touch. I could take this into a business meeting and no one would know its a backup battery. I tested its charging speed on my IPhone 4S and it took 1hr 30min to charge from 35% to 100%, worthy of note, it only took 1hr to get from 35% to 90%. Have not been able to test how many charges the unit will provide before it needs charging, or if the speed of charge changes with less power in the pack. The usb connectors are quality with no slip whatsoever.
8447	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Received this item New Replacement 9 Cells High Capacity Li-Ion Battery for IBM ThinkPad Compatible Models in a timely way, properly packaged. However, it failed to charge on or power my Lenovo-IBM ThinkPad T60 -- a laptop explicitly mentioned as compatible with this battery. The laptop's charging system did not detect the battery, and no amount of workarounds seemed to help. I do not know if the failure to detect the battery was due to the lack of an identifying chip in the battery, dead cells in the battery, or no cells at all in the battery.. In any case, returned it to Amazon (free return shipping) for a full refund. A+ to Amazon; -0- to this vendor (fulfilled by Amazon) and product. Purchased a different replacement battery from Amazon and that seems to be working just fine -- it was twice the price of the failed one. TANSTAAFL! (There Ain't No Such Thing As A Free Lunch!)
6067	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	There are an awful lot of chargers out there (and I've tried and returned several of them), but this one charges both my BB Bold and my Mini iPad, and in fact charges both of them QUICKLY.  Love the flashlight and laser point too.  I've only had a day, but I sure do like it so far!!
-  While the battery pack itself is charging you can charge the phone via the battery pack.

Qwerty keyboard

In summary I have tried other headsets besides the Motorola ones and this one sounds the best. Especially in a car where it makes the most difference since my car has a manual transmission. I also use it in the office with my computer. It works. That is all I care about at this point.


7976	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Cons:
1981	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Used this battery to replace an old one in my home security system.  Works fine.  Been about 3 weeks.  What more can I say.


1238	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good!
5.  Camera [takes video too!]
7674	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	IF YOU WEAR THIS DEVICE, YOU WILL HEAVE YOUR EARS BLISTER OR TURN RED. IT HURT SO BAD AFTER A FEW MINUTES WEARING IT. I HAVE TO ADMIT, IT LOOK LIKE THE 60 STYLE EAR MUFF
6331	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got a big phone that needs a big case that's not too bulky.. This did the job. Buy it!!
9575	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	A signal booster can, at best, act only as a signal booster. It can't create a signal that isn't there and even at its best you can't expect it to boost a barely there signal to something thats going to rival your wifi network speed wise.
2260	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Standard mini-USB cables make the portable hard drive too long for the location where I installed this drive. This 90 degree connector makes it possible for me to place a hard drive in the compartment just below the car stereo it's plugged into.


5) Great for stable calling but I would not rely on it as a stand alone system
9095	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The battery on my iPhone 3Gs (as I hold out for the iPhone5) runs down within an hour if I use Pandora, Instagram and email. For months I walked around with the charger cable in my bag, trying to find an electrical outlet whenever and wherever I could. Sometimes that's hard to do in NYC. Now I have a better solution - I carry this around, plus the cable, and it doesn't matter if I can't find an electrical outlet. Just taking the subway to work can result in my phone fully drained by the time I arrive.....but now I can keep it fully charged while I commute.
2640	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my Scala 700. The sound quality is excellent. It's very lightweight, and the controls are easy to use.
4696	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well made
More, with another person in the office (or a spouse at home,) who also owns a Dragon? You get full duplex (both can talk over the other) communication between the paired Dragon devices. I'm told that the Dragon does up to eight devices (for storage in memory...) although I've only tried five at the same time--I'd it is just as easy as the five devices I have at this point. The dual noise cancelling Mic allows me to drive with the windows down or talk in a loud environs with no issues. GREAT PRODUCT! Highly recommended. I can't wait to try their conference phone product (the phoenix.) You'll like this very much. It's even fun to use with the PS3 Voice Morphing that came on the newest firmware for Sony's Blu-Ray Baby.


The only con is activating the LED flashlight since it requires holding the button for 3-4 seconds while the laser pointer is only two clicks. Seems more reasonable to have quicker access to a flashlight than laser pointer but that's just my opinion. But despite this, I still give it 5-stars for the performance and quality.

It has great battery life, along with a feature that will automatically power the unit down if it loses pairing with your cell phone for more than 15 minutes. This is a great feature, since it means you can turn it on once, run many short errands, and never have to switch the unit on and off.  It also means that you can't deplete the battery by forgetting to turn it off when you leave your car.





557	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	t h a n k s  a l l  g o o d  i n  p e r f e c t  c o n d i t i o n
3503	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
8838	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The IMP52D has been disappointing. It charges very fast; it supplies a lot of current. The charge delivered is only about 50%-60% of rated capacity. I have owned batteries that delivered as much or more than their rated capacity. The form factor is very good. It fits anywhere in my ScottEvest jackets, and I do like the LED light and the laser. The ergonomics are very good. I use the laser often in presentations. Unfortunately, this "5200" mAh battery is actually a "2600" mAh battery. For me, that is unacceptable. The core capability of this is as a battery, and it does not perform anywhere near its stated capacity.

7726	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Having tried many headsets rangeing in price (because I have unfortunately lost so many), rate this headset 5 out of 5.

5304	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the screen protector came in good conditions fit my cellphone perfectly. Just remeber to clean very well your cellphone so no dust is tehre . you don't want to repead teh same steps i did. I had to wash it like four times and use an airduster to clean my cellphone so no dust will be show
279	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great warranty

3533	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent
1133	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great way to expand your USB accessibility - USB2 and USB1

I returned it, for the weight it should give me the feel of an HP-IPAQ or mini-computer but I didn't get that feel at all.
1. Using Sprint RAZR

3786	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product does everything that it says it will.  Comes with mounting hardware.  Mine looks different that the one pictured but I don't care because it works flawlessly!

4 out of 5 stars!

6499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I travel every weekend between Big Bear Lake and Palm Springs down Highway 18 to 247.  There are at least four spots where my iPhone7 plus with Verizon service dropped calls like clock work in the past.  Since installing this (took ten minutes), no more drops. I've found it increases my signal strength by a bar, probably just enough not to drop the calls in those areas with on the edge reception. I'm going to get another for my truck.


last winter storm knocked out power to my house! Great build quality, great
The keypad is a bit on the small side, and feels like dry plastic.  It's OK for me because I have small hands, but I don't think a man would enjoy using the small, non-descript keys. The letters on the keys are hard to see being so small.  When I enter text, I still have to look--er, squint--at the keypad.  I don't pay for texting service, so it's not a huge hassle, but if you text, I can't imagine it would be much fun.
Fit - After playing around with the different ear ear pieces and hooks, I finally have found a combination that works. I have to use a ear hook, which isn't my favorite but after you get used to it, it isn't too bad. Also, it fits much more securely with the hook and is more comfortable.
**UPDATE December 3rd, 2007**
4130	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my third Blackberry holster but not an indication of poor quality as much as my constant travel.  I tend to catch the holster getting in and out of cramped airplanes seats and rental cars.  The holster itself is well made, it is the swivel clip on the back that ends up breaking.  I am not sure how you could make more durable without risking harm to yourself if it did not let go when snagged.  Given the low price (compared to verizon store) I can tolerate having to replace every 10-12 months.
add-on.

Cons:
29	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	BEAUTIFUL.  This instantly transforms your IPhone into a thing of beauty.  I have theone with the white bwe, too.  This is just great when you want a little color on your phone.
For a beautiful case that protects your investment without fail and displays it in all it glory (seriously, get those screen protectors) you can't go wrong with the Contour Showcase.
This one works great with my Kindle 2 and also my Verizon Mifi pocket 3G router.
The reception is perfect and the transmision too, but (there is the bad side) the range is about 2 meters (leaving the phone over the table). I contact Jabra and they said that the version is older and i need to send them the headset (to UK) the ultimate release is the 51A. I use it with the Sony T68i and the configuration is too easy.

All the extra battery is worth the extra thickness but just be careful around moisture!  With my old battery and case, I could drip it into a bathtub and know it would still be working.  Not with this case!!



3193	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Does not work

For less than $10 including shipping, it's great.
8589	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	[.......]
118	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got it for one reason... PRICE  and it does the job.  I am able to keep my phone charged while on the go.
PROS:
7. Same power adapter as all recent nokia phones. That alone makes it worth the price for me since I have several nokias.
The unit is easily installed inside with a window  stick mount which I used.  A better mount would  be to place the antenna outside on the roof, but unit does adequately with the inside window cup mount.
Things have appeared on my bill for a year that shouldn't be there. I have made 5 attempts to fix this and finally gave up. Plan on a two-hour call to get something accomplished and then prepare yourself to be utterly crazed with anger when you see that nothing was actually done several times. A lady from Sprint called me trying to sell something and extend my contract, I laughed so hard, that she actually tried to fix my problems. She said she did and of course, it's still on my bill.
Effect: No volume controls or mic.
I used it a total of about 6 times and the "wand" refuses to go back. The mechanism that allows it to retract is not working and as a result its always on.
Uses micro-USB connector and it is very hard to insert the charger cable.
576	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	As others have mentioned, the band is a little long, but not so much that it's a problem. Good for activities where I want to avoid getting sweat on my leather band.

6747	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!
6339	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Rips out pretty quickly.not made for everyday use.  It rips apart within a month or 2.  I had to get something else

  The first time I used it, I was surprised to STILL see 4 LED lights!
1) Connectivity is not as good as with the LG Electronics Tone+ HBS-730, e.g., it does not connect to 2 devices as once and you have to first disconnect it from the device it's currently connected to before it connects to a new device. The LG does not have this annoying problem.

If you do not want to use windows powered devices, go for this handy, stylish, and practical PDA/ Phone.
So did it solve my problem - yes for 90% but still there was not stable sound when I talked on the phone but much clear though. Did it boost in 15 times - no.
3885	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This shower head is as advertised and when I noticed one of the nozzles getting plugged due to calcium deposits I was able to clear it by squeezing the nozzle with my fingers and it unplugged easily. I should have bought this shower head sooner.
4794	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This thing is so cute! I hang it off of my nintendo 3ds! The only issue is my son also loves it, and his 18 month old brain insists that he has to eat it whenever he gets a chance.
- Easy to pair - in my case with a Razr and a Blackberry.
Battery life is awesome.
extra usb ends of different sizes.

V_O_R
7462	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My Samsung OEM Original USB Data Cable For Samsung cell phone arrived on time and in good condition.  This is a great purchase if you only need the Data cable.  I lost mine and didn't want to buy the USB charger, so when I saw this cable I immediately added this to my cart.  It is an OEM, brand new, and for under 4 bucks.  I recommend purchasing this Data cable for your Samsung device that accepts this connector.  I give this a 5 star rating.


** THOUGHTS ** The TH2.5 works like a charm. Big, even rain all over me. Just what I wanted. Installation was simple provided you have normal shower pipes and are a bit handy with some pliers. The joints articulate well with no movement once set. The joints, once set, should accommodate short and tall humans. I'm 6'1", the wild redhead is 5'7" so this head works amazingly well for both of us. Did I mention there were 90 nipples?
6657	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this to boost the signal for my T-Mobile based Samsung Galaxy S II. See my separate review of the phone. I have been a customer of Verizon for several years and reside in a chronic dead zone. Verizon cured the problem with a boosted signal, but when I decided to go with T-Mobile I inherited the same problem.  What is weird is that if I go a block away in the tower direction I get a very clear signal, so....?
7356	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	unfortunately, this phone is much more flimsy than I would have thought. the sound quality is awful and I can barely hear the voicemail messages when I play them, it cuts in and out so much. It feels very plasticky and seems to be coming apart at the seams. This is not a reflection of the seller at all, I just think this phone is not a very good product
1644	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use between 3000 and 4000 cell minutes per month.  Heavy duty hands free is a necessity, not a luxury in this situation.  I needed an earpiece which has good battery life, easy to use, loud volume and clear to the person on the other end of the line.
245	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great love not having my phone so much.
the sound is pretty good, whether through wireless or hard-wired, bass is full and deep, mid and treble are well-balanced, since it's fully open air design, it should be pretty comfortable when listening (no hollow effect), and the sensitivity is pretty high when hard wired (single battery walkman is OK)
68	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Simple to install and a great way to help protect your phone.

can't complain too much about the quality as the price is soo cheap



5979	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My rating for this product is at a solid 4.5. The capacity is very close to advertised, but works hard to recharge my Nook Color at 4000mAh@3.7V. The unit is mostly used as a desk charger for my wife's Iphone 4S when at work (teacher), and performs that task perfectly! The build quality is as expected. The functionality and directions are easy to use, and as expected. Recharge time does vary depending on the AC/USB Converter, but the item does get a full charge as expected.


- None so far :)


7263	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We buy minutes when necessary. This is a practical solution to seldom used but a safety comfort when traveling or separated by appointments or shopping. My wife uses the phone with ease and confidence. Me too.




- Long lasting
5448	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	key loops exactly as described, took a long while to deliver but also as expected.
friends.
* Minimal "static" I could wear the headset in my holster without any issues.

This has to be the most important aspect of the headset, in my opinion. My old Logitech headset fit great, but did take some time to get used to.  Because the earpiece actually goes inside the ear, it is easy to put on and take off with one hand.  It's not quite comfortable enough for me to just leave it in there all day.  I've not tried using the other ear gels to see if they may be more comfortable than the one that was already on the headset out of the box.
Washing machine/dishwasher/mouse trap capability: No. Its a phone.

On my car, this unit was attached to my sun visor, right in front of my forehead. Whenever a sound notification was played through the unit from my phone, all the lights on the unit would turn on. This was incredibly distracting at night. Eventually the lights would turn off by themselves, only to come back on with the next notification... ugh.
Would have given 5 stars, but took off a point for the  superbright LED.


I like to track my bike rides with my phone's GPS (via a cycling app such as trackmyride or runtastic cycling), but keeping the phone active for the whole ride drains the battery quickly. Without even having the screen on I could kill the built in phone battery in 4 hours. With the New Trent iTorch I can ride 4+ hours with the screen on (having a map visible and my current pace/heart rate available is amazing). After 65+ miles and 4+ hours I had 100% battery on the phone and 1 of 4 "status lights" left on the battery.
I've been pleasantly surprised by my Treo experience. I initially held back from evaluating this device because I'd heard it was unstable and crashed often. I have been evaluating this for three weeks under pretty heavy usage and haven't had any resets beyond my intial day or two when I was first loading in different programs.

SMALL SCREEN: The screen isn't as small as you may think. It's bigger than most and as large as some PDAs
Pros:

3330	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really love it, very pleased!

1. Cost.  This probably costs about $5 to manufacture so $20 seems a bit high IMHO.


BargainCell promptly shipped them on ordering and I got it in 3 days. More than a week now and so far the screen is holding up well.
1793	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off. The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem. After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center, they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable "due to customer abuse." I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage (unless using it to make phone calls counts as "customer abuse"), but got the same comment, without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation. It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty. You'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works. After that, you're on your own.
6353	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very nice belt pouch. Kind of hard to get on belt but otherwise very nice.
I love the menu system. Like my old Nokia, you remember certain options, and can quick key them by "address."  Say, for instance, you want the 4th option of the menu, then 3rd, then 5th, all you have to do is press Menu, 4,3, then 5, and you are there.
The Jabra is also an excellent handsfree phone headset, and also is excellent at playing music stored on my phone's SD card, and though I never felt the need for either of those functions before, having tried it, I shall be using it for both.


3989	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received this case a few days ago and have had a chance to try it out. This is a nicely made case that's both stylish and functional.

4106	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This really protects the phone on the back part, and makes holding the phone feel better for some reason.
In the case of this "Universal Car Vent or Dash Mount Holder," you can trust the consumer ratings--in fact, they may even be a bit high. The device is branded as a "Cellet" universal mount in the title, but in the description it's referred to as a "Luxmo" universal mount.  No matter. A poorly designed piece of plastic is--by any name--a potentially useless piece of plastic.

*I do prefers microsoft OS over Palm (and I've actually used both, unlike many critics)
So as long as you're willing to save the chart and keep time yourself
1290	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was one of the lucky few to get one of these free for registering my Motorola MPX-220.  I was skeptical to the whole bluetooth scene, but this headset quickly changed my mind.
Screen: Auto rotation is somewhat annoying but it can be disabled.

Thanks.
*Easy to set up Bluetooth (Even non-Motorola)


1617	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Well,  My item did not come with instructions which sucked makes me wonder of my unit was new or not, it said it was new, but it works fine I cannot walk very far from my phone thought it will immediately get statically i can walk maybe 10 -12 feet away before I get all static.  Beyond that i think it is eXcellent for the low price and over all I am very satisfied.  Good Buy, excellent price.

7472	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	All I can add to the title is that service was fast, the cost was very reasonable, and the product arrived on-time and in good shape.  Very satisfied.
6935	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Item was exactly as described and worked perfectly with my Seiko 7N43-9070, plus I have plenty more replacement batteries for the future.  Great value, really can't beat it.


http://www.amazon.com/Firefly-Starter-Kit/dp/B000W9MCRI/ref=pd_rhf_cr_s_cp_4_6CNH?ie=UTF8&refRID=10K2PEB3DQT9K7QFJKED
driving.  It takes a while to get it down and a little frustrating at first but once you do it for a while it's not a problem anymore.
7793	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've tried jabra & plantronics previously - both went back immediately.  Was happy with both my H850 and H700 until my GF broke both of them so went with the H710 as replacements.  Very pleased.  Improvement in sound quality over the H700 is minimal (I always thought the H700 sounded fine) but there are some serious improvements in functionality.  The volume is finally loud enough on this headset compared to my previous Motos.  The battery check feature is great (flip open, hold both volume keys and see what color the LED is).  Reception is excellent with both her Razr V3 and my BB 8310.  The flip to turn on, off feature is probably my biggest like for the Moto series and only one button to answer, etc. is a no-brainer ergonomic triumph.  It's lightweight, goes in pocket easily with no worries about accidentally turning on, etc.  Oh, and the tones to let you know you've established connection with your phone or diconnected are very nice additions by Motorola on this one.  This is my third H series headset and I really wish I would just quit trying any other brand - they've always been outstanding performers for me.
2277	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well, and does not tend to walk out of the socket.
The call quality is fine when paired with a RAZR, but not so good with the HTC Touch. People would complain about the echo while paired with the Touch, so I have to take it off when they're bothered by it.
- Sometimes I accidentally turn on the laser pointer instead of turning

9453	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I don't have very good reception outside, and no reception inside.  I've had this booster for two years, and as far as I can tell, it hasn't helped at all.  I've unplugged it, and plugged it back in and can't tell any actual difference.
- professional-looking black leather

come with too many cables. We tend to have too many of the same USB cables
- the noise canceling feature is on by default, and although there is an option to turn it off, I cannot think of any reason to do so.
-Bluetooth
The only complaint I have is confort can be a little getting use to.


All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.
7020	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a solid performer, bought it as a backup, as I drive for a living and must have a bluetooth device, however, it does not support advanced BT functions such as music or other audio apps over bluetooth.. it is for talking only.
 - poor Mac supprt


7884	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	this is borderline trash. it works just enough, and just long enough to make you thing youve got a bargain. but then, you get sound from one earphone only. or none. depending on the velocity of a butterfly's wings in china. don't buy this unless you like to be disappointed.
This is not a phone for people who use it for work
Build quality: A, it's a solid unit with good materials.
761	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect on my boat-

Perfect.

1776	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am using the Jabra BT350 with a Sony Ericsson K750i.  This works like a charm.  It took a while to set up (problems with resetting my phone), but once I synced the two devices, I have not had any problems.  The sound quality is superb, and the functions are outstanding.  They include vibrating alert (I've turned it off), call accept and call decline (much needed).  It also allows you the opportunity to automatically call the last number dialed. The voice dialing also works great.  I was not able to record the name through the BT350, but once recorded, the phone recognized the name when spoken through the BT350.  An addition, the battery life is great.  I have not had to recharge it in a while.  All and all, this is a great choice for a "handsfree" set to be used with a mobile phone.


5249	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I would love to have a review for this product -- but alas I do not.  I have ordered this product three times, and all three shipments have arrived misboxed.  That's enough tries, I am now going to look for a different product that likely will not fit needs as well as this one should have.
Cons:
580	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Had to return it due to it being Too Huge. The band is very, very long and for some folks with small wrists even the last hole to snap the slack in is not enough.

The headset doesn't need to be put in "discovery" mode, just turn it on, and have your phone "search", and it'll show up! Not sure how Nokia manages this, while all other BT headsets need to be put into a special mode. Also, the lcd on the device is discreet... won't disturb people in a theater, or blind drivers (my wife asked me to take another BT headset off while she was driving, saying it was a distraction).
For bluetooth phones or PCs it's only slightly trickier as you need to use the password which is "0000" but once they are paired up, all you need to do is select "connect" on the device to be listened to & then turn on the BT3030.
Each time I charge it, it lasts shorter time
7276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent phone Thanks
I'm a happy camper now, and I whole-heartedly recommend this hub for those who need more ports in a small space.  I should also commend Amazon for super-fast delivery.  Problem solved!
5891	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for about 2 years and it works great.  Actually when I was playing my PS4 (across the living room) my controller died.  I didn't have like a 10' cord, so I figured hey I'll use my back up battery (aka this thing).  Plugged in the controller, hit the button, and BOOM!!!  Hours of ps4 gameplay without having to take a break or sitting 2 feet from my tv.  Also this worked great at charging my phone and tablet whenever I was out and about.  It has a flashlight on it too, just in case.
Great buy.
-It took me a few weeks to get used to it in my ear. It was actually really uncomfortable at first but after having it in periodically for a few weeks I got used to it.
The best improvement is the stability.  I was rebooting the 6700 on a daily basis, if not more, but this I reboot probably once a week, if not less.


6188	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP52D portable charger is just that, portable. About the same weight
exceptional reception
705	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Basically another way for a phone company to give it to you in a not so nice way so they can line their pockets and not yours. But yeah we still pay it because well just about ever carrier charges you the individual for something bogus. Well here is AT&T Bogus charge. It's not required for them to charge it but they still do because even though their plans are over over priced they still think it's too hard for them to lose bairly more than a dollar to the "CHANCE" of having to pay some regulatory fee.
6600	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works much better than my old Z Boost.  Have 3-5 bars now.
I have had this headset for two days now, so this reviewer can't speak of the potential for battery problems or how durable it is.  However, so far I am very impressed.  The quality is beyond compare, I have carried on several conversations and then said "by the way, I am trying out my new headset, how does it sound?" and the response it always that they didn't know I was using one!  I am so happy to have found this because I get nervous driving and dialing, plus I tend to drive fast and I like to have both hands on the wheel.  I'll be buying the car kit next, but I still want a headset for use while walking around and while at events or fairs.
One more thing - That it's blue, not the de riguer black or silver, I like.
6498	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you have the problem (inferior indoor cellular reception) and can accept the limitations of the solution (limited improved coverage area and some bulky equipment), the weBoost EQO may offer a solution.  Does it work?  yes.  Is it easy to set up?  not really.
-High Frequency distortion in the form if digital "swishing". Sounds alot like a 96kbps MP3 encode.
- cheap ($13)
It responds to voice commands. For example, when a call comes in, you can say "answer" or "ignore". If you allow it access to your contacts, it will even announce who the caller is if their name is in your phone contacts. And if you press the voice recognition button, you can tell it who to call.
Ipod Touch 4th Gen - The iTorch fully charged my daughters ipod touch from 20% to 100% in 55 minutes... very impressive and very nice to have being my daughter has a horrible habit of not keeping her device charged and then complains to me that her battery is dead... The iTorch is great for taking with you on the go!
Don't waste your time and money!
I've charged it once, and haven't had to re-charge it yet.  Sure, I've only made 5 or 6 short calls on it, but it's turned on for at least an hour a day during my commute.
On my Shadow Sabre I stuck this onto the under side of my bat wing.
Cons:
LOOKS: This stealth phone definitely flies under the radar. No bling. No wow factor. I like to think of it as a high end, understated Benz whilst the iPhone is a mass-marketed, gold-laden, flashy Cadillac. Of course, the iPhones aren't even remotely in this phone's league. The upcoming N97 from Nokia has more features, but it is larger, is a 'slider,' uses a touch screen and doesn't have a Xenon flash. Oh, and it's $300-400 more expensive.
Reception on the 8200 is great, thanks to its external antenna.  Battery life is good, unless you save a lot of things in memory, which depletes battery faster the more stuff it holds.  The phone is attractive and can be customized in many ways, not to mention it comes in three colors.  To Sanyo, I suggest you use the iPod Mini color scheme, because not many people like big red!
6729	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Weird batteries for CASIO G-Shocks which take "2" of these batteries
733	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great quality with plenty of room. I use it for everyday use. It holds my wallet in the front compartment and the large compartment holds my camcorder just fine. The side pocket holds extra sd cards and there is another Velcro side pocket that holds a extra battery for the camcorder. Plus the large compartment can also hold a small battery charger and mini gorilla tripod along with the camcorder. I couldn't find any camcorder bags this compact that does that for the price. Also bought one for a friend.
Overall,On a scale from 1 - 5 i will rate this charger 4.5 since there is always way to make it perfect.
Mine was charged out of the box. As needed, just plug it in and it charges up to full quickly.

5940	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery works as advertised.  I don't use the LED flashlight or the Laser.  The LED Flashlight is not super bright, but it works in a pinch.  It is about as bright as my iPhone LED.  The battery is smaller than the others I have which makes is nice to throw in my backpack or bike saddle bag for remote charging.
4017	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	not happy with this purchase, although this case is roomy, and you can definately fit a phone with a case in it.  The pouch part is also made ruggedly.  But the belt clip expanded on the first day and i couldn't get it to tighten back up.
Also there is no more of my breathing noise into the mic of the Samsung SCHu-740 handset. I consider it amazing that I can keep my phone calls private at work by standing close to a constant noise source like a blower fan or A/C unit.

and grand kids.
requires HP H19XX headphones adaptor to use with regular headphones
4173	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this from amazon after reading all the hype. I had just previously tried the Blueant Z9 and been disappointed (it didn't cancel noise - in fact produced phantom noise of its own to the listener.)
* Other cell phone numbers
9418	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't work for me. I killed the 4g signal on my phone to use 3g only, and it would add one bar for me when I was standing right next to it, and it was cranked to the max signal. I sent it back.

Overall, I loved these headphones. I stopped using them when the mic one day wouldn't pickup sound.

 External dimensions: 13.9 x 55 x 98 millimeters
My unit had an electrical problem. I connected two portable external hard drives, one powered external hard drive, a printer, an external DVD+-RW drive, a mouse and a keyboard. Then I plugged it in.
so as a external battery charger its great, since it does it main purpose just fine and all the other stuff like the laser light and flashlight is a bonus which is good but that also brings it own small annoyances.
The included laser pointer and flashlight were very handy and useful add ons, though as a minor complaint, it would be nice if those were on the opposite end of the pack from the usb port/charging port. But since you can quickly disconnect it to use it as a flashlight thats an extremely minor complaint.

Solution:
The main selling point of the ClearBoost case is improved cell phone reception. That's the "boost" in ClearBoost. Inside the bottom case is an unpowered antenna that sits firmly against the back of the iPhone outer shell when closed. I'm not enough of an electrical engineer to know how the induction works to transfer the signal from the ClearBoost's antenna to the iPhone, but Griffin says there is a marked improvement.

9303	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use with my Iphone 4s using the attachable keyboard cause it made the phone thicker.  When I discovered I did not want to use the keyboard, I still found this case very useful.  I have a silicon cover on my phone to protect it and that makes it not fit well in the cases designed for the Iphone 4.  If you use a protective case on your Iphone, this pouch is the way to go! Some cases just have the belt clip, this one has the hoops too!  I use them if I am doing something very active and do not want the pouch to bounce off my belt.  I recently upgraded to the Iphone 5 and put a silicon case on it too...it fits perfectly in this pouch.  I like it so much and mine is getting beat up enough...I think I will order another one right now!

I also have static noise problem

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Black-adapter/dp/B000WKS8QG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Black adapter</a>&nbsp;received from seller "Eforcity" (not this listing) - 3 stars:
I ordered 3 of these and while the retracting mechanism seems to work very well, two of the three simply did not work.  I tried it in two different cars on two different phones.  In both cases, the red LED lit up, so it cant be a fuse issue, but neither phones indicated that it was receiving a charge when these chargers were connected.
I am giving them 5 stars.
4784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ive bought this last April and the phone is serving me well as a second phone for personal (non-business) number.
Speaking of bluetooth, I was supremely impressed by how open Cingular left the bluetooth options (again, the Verizon interface differs in this respect). You're able to transfer any wallpaper, ringtones, and videos on and off with ease.
2362	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little thing works great! I have no complaints at all except that it takes too long to turn on and off (5ish seconds). I use it with my PS3, so I'm not moving much and it stays in my ear nice and tight. You just have to find a way for it to fit and once you get it right, you'll love it. Battery life is big, charge time is small. Does a great job for online play, and I highly recommend it to any online gamer.
Also, it is just stupid that jabra is still in the business of making custom chargers with custom plugs and voltages. This is just something I cannot support, 5V mini USB or nothing!
Given the weakness of the signal, we determined the amp would not be powerful enough to provide a useful boost. I would need to purchase on many times the cost of this DT to see a usable signal.
6266	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What can you say about the IMP500? Why did it take me SOOOOOOO long to not get one earlier? Where was my head at!!
8694	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery takes about 3-5 cycles to get to its capacity. I cycled it down 3 times to about 7% before full charging. Now I can go about 2-3 days even with email polling every 30 min on 2 accounts, internet usage and average calls. Highly recommend this item.
873	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Satisfactory and arrived promptly.

There were also no belt loops as depicted in the photo, just the belt clip and some weird plastic snap thing that wouldn't really prevent the phone from slipping off the belt clip.
========================
4427	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks! "There is no fear where love exists. Rather, perfect love banishes fear, for fear involves punishment, and the person who lives in fear has not been perfected in love." 1 John 4:18
***** Besides credit number and you cell phone ID, give them all FAKE information. ****
5. The unit is very light and doesn't look bulky at all.
992	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work for me. I had high hopes but ended up wasting my money.
9020	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I actually returned this because I needed the ability to charge more off of one charge.  This is 3 charges off of one charge.  I exchanged it for New Trent iGeek IMP99D/NT99D 9900mAh because that charges 5 times.  Still, this is a great charger
1507	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Plantronics 510 bluetooth actually works!! I am very happy. This is the 6th or 7th one I have tried, the first one did work and was really tiny and pretty cool, but caused severe ear pain and quit working in 3 months. The others, another plantronic, several motorolas, and a blueant....not good. No one  could hear me or the sound was so uncomfortable("are you in a wind tunnel??") they did not want to continue the conversation. This Plantronics 510 easily switches between between 2 cellphones, and I can be heard outdoors, in the car, while shopping. The buttons are easy to access, the charge lasts all day. It's pretty comfortable, I wish it were a little flexible for a better fit. It's pretty ugly but it works very well.
2. The laser pointer turms on with the short click. NewTrent will have to weigh on TSA guidelines and whether it is deemed safe for use in-flight.

This charger recharged my iPod Touch, iPhone 4S and Sony Cybershot DSC-TX55 in approximately 2 hours with time left on the charger indicated with 2 fully lit blue lights.
-1.3 Mega Pixel Camera
It does not.  The manual does not mention it, and it is obviously not present on the phone.
3450	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this!!  It is not made for my Tab 2 7" but there are little choices for cases.. at least what I am looking for, there is nothing.  I don't want a book style case.  I don't want a stand.  I want something like I have on my droid razr maxx... and this boxwave gold case is killer!!
-the keypad and phone itself (except for the screen) doesn't attract fingerprints as much as the N75
8746	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This phone was so basic, it was little more than a thin calculator. The manual was all in Spanish and some of the menu options on the phone itself were too. Couldn't distinguish between lower and uppercase and just a general dirt-cheap phone. Would never recommend to anyone.
I went ahead and purchased the iClever Himbox HB01 Bluetooth 4.0 which works much better because you can put the microphone where you want. You will need an auxiliary input in your car, I usually don't listen to radio much and listen to music and shows on my phone so the auxiliary is always on anyways. People hear me fine on it!

No complaints though.  I highly recommend you stick with this OEM product over the inferior generics.
- Extra port on the front for easy access to USB flash drives.
I'd buy them again.
Other reviwers said it works great, so I'll just have to take their word for it. Actually, I hope I never have to find out how great it works.

  e.  Flash light and laser pointer a plus for portability
4556	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I know there is always a risk when buying generic, cheap, made in China, stuff like this, but Ive actually had pretty good luck with other cheap car charges like this.  For the price, I figured, Id buy a couple of spares in case one died.
I couldn't be happier!!!
was able to fully recharge my Android (less than 10% battery) and



- Pairs right up with my phone.
7143	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Gotta have it - instantly syncs with phone's MP3 player & windows media player - no software to download or install, just plug & go.
Contrary to some reviews on Amazon, I CAN use 4GB Micro SD chip in this phone; the Kingston chip works fine.
In short, I'm an frugal, abusive, and very picky electronics owner. I do not buy things for the status, or because they are cool or trendy. I loath "Blue Tools" who go around talking on their headsets all the time looking like crazy people talking to themselves. And the fact that this thing looks, in my opinion, straight out of "Star Trek" is not a bonus for me as a result. But, it simply is the best head set I have ever tried, and though it has it's minor annoyances, it is truly worth every penny you will spend on it.
9032	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have only had this iTorch IMP52D for a few days and have recharged my iPhone 5 a couple of times with it.  So far I love it.  Its small size and the added benefit of not having to lug along an additional AC charger to re-charge the battery backup make this very compact for traveling.  I also like the additional LED light and laser light.  I'm sure they will come in handy.
1134	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	For one, this product is built very cheap. This means that overtime some ports will simply stop working...why? I'm not really sure...perhaps cheap components, and slight bending?
The headphones are still uncomfortable to wear for more than an hour or so as others have said as they dig into the ears, but I do like them for the gym and around the home as a bluetooth headset for voice calls with my phone. Just can't wear them for more than hour at a time.
I find the ease of use of this unit and it's efficient use of size more than makes up for the major features it is missing, which is WiFi and GPS.

* The screen appears to be the same 320x240 screen that is found on the older 8700. It's outstanding and flat out huge. There are various levels of backlighting and there is a handy auto-DIM feature that adjusts the backlight according to room lighting conditions.

6690	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Wilson makes 2 models of this cell booster - one which is not adjustable, and the other which has "adjustable gain" slots for both the 900Mhz band and the 1800Mhz band (depicted as 2 blue mini-dials in the front center of the booster itself)
1. Very small and light
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samsung-WEP-301-Bluetooth-Headset-Silver/dp/B001BKFMZ6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samsung WEP-301 Bluetooth Headset (Silver)</a>&nbsp;is the newer model, but it is not any different in design.  However, it's so cheap with rebate, it cost less than the freakin' earbud covers I wasted money on.  Therefore, after this appealing review, and you still want to buy this thing, I would go for the newer one.  But, don't say I (we!) didn't warn you!
First, the good.  The sound from this headset rocks!  The noise mitigating technology is great.  I work in computer data centers the noise level often fluctuates.  The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.  It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.
There's enough texture on the sides and back of the case to provide some grip so the phone doesn't slip while holding it. It's thin so there's no additional bulk added to the low profile S4. The front edges are raised just enough that when placing the phone face down the glass doesn't touch the surface.
One of the big issues that people are focusing on in these reviews is the processing speed and how it is affected by having multiple applications open and the hassle of closing them once you are done with them. First, the Motorola is like any computer....having multiple applications open and running all at once will kill the processing speed of computer. Second, to close the programs is much easier than represented in these reviews. Just go to your home page and click on the top smart icons Task Manager and "Kill All" tasks running.
This NewTrent IMP500 device would definitely get 5 stars! Without a doubt. It is very new age looking, shiny black and blue cover, sturdy, along with a very simple, easily understood and has usable accessories. This is just FUN. It's fun to plug in your phone and then go out to eat and have your phone plug into its own source on the table your eating at. I did have someone ask me what that was the other day because they thought I was a serious user since I had my stuff plugged in at the table. What I told them was where the manufacturer of the cell phone company failed, NewTrent picks up and makes it better! AMAZING

7327	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great quality! My dad has had this a long time and didn't really want a smart phone.

UPDATE:
Cable is super long.
9517	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought mine used. When I tried it out, it worked as described. I tried at location of house with one bar
7315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Purchased two of these phones one in black the other in pink.  Have now had to return both of them for not working correctly.  Don't waste your time with these.  The ones we received were crap.  Black one - center arrow buttons would not work correctly.  Pink one - tried to make a phone call and they could hear me I could not hear them, it would not make phone calls correctly.  And the battery seemed like it did not fit right and the back cover would not lock down right.

The calendar/organizer is great and as one reviewer mentioned, it does not update time zones. But thats for a good reason - updating time zones will totally affect your business appointments (they would never get updated even if the time zone would've at all) and so the phone is made such that you have to update it manually and while doing so you'll be sure to change your business appointments for the day accordingly.

It's real cool that the 1-press keys for Calendar, Contacts and Email have different modes.
Size
6112	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Picked up this battery charger when Amazon had it on sale for around 30 bucks. Device came attractively packaged and fully charged. The battery life on this is amazing, and the 2A output port charged my phone and my 3DS completly during a recent road trip, and still had enough charge for another round. The input to charge the device is Micro-USB, which is pretty much the standard now a days. It does come with a 3' USB to Mini-USB cable, but it will accept any USB cable (especially those proprietary Apple USB cables) as output. Embedded into the device is a red laser pointer, which can be used to get your cat out of the room, and a flashlight to look for your cat when his scared little butt runs and hides under the sink after a thunderstorm or a vaccuum attack. Simply holding down the button cycles through turning the device on, then the flash light on, then the device off. A quick press ignites the laser pointer.
The only issue I have with the product is the LED light, not powerful enough to light up long distances so if you just need to see something close in a pinch this will work great.  I haven't had the need to use the laser pointer but it seems to be plenty powerful to point out any bullet point from a mile away, okay maybe not a mile but darn close.
Stylish outfit, with a LED light built-in, which can function as a flashlight. Can charge iPad& Galaxy Tab, they need a higher current which other brands doesn't have.

A specific iPhone/charging cable would be nice

The phone offers excellent call quality, good battery life, a good solid feel, and all of the features I need in a smartphone.
1. A phone that is acceptible, not exceptional, for making calls.  If that's all you want, get something cheaper.  The good news is this phone seems to have dropped in price like a rock, so maybe you can buy it for what it is actually worth.
- Small, compact, and lightweight. Perfect for travel and everyday use.
7270	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good but too small
6. Supports up to 8 GB TF Micro SD cards and yes, it takes the SuperHDC ones too. Can't run out of storage space here.
1357	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	very cheap and good sim card. ATT Service not the greatest but at least they carry over unused minutes


I never heard about Plantronics before buying this headset and I grew to appreciate it a lot more after a year of usage.  Only recently I discovered that Plantronics has a long history with headsets and that even the Apollo missions used their headsets on the Moon.  Makes sense.  "One small set for man, one giant leap away from other BT headset manufacturers.  Houston, we have no problem".
Well, I discovered vast difference in supplies. The product is still high quality and the same, however...In the 20 application a measuring tube for the activator is included. In the 4 application, IT IS NOT. In addition, the 20 application contained all labeled bottles (activator, protector). In the 4 application, there was one unmarked, unlabeled bottle of pink liquid, which I knew to be the activator, but a new user would not.
1517	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	An incredibly reliable headset for your cell phone. I purchased mine over a year ago and it has served me well. The Plantronics 510 is a good-looking headset with superb audio quality. The recharger is a bit cheap but the headset is a well-rounded headset that is comfortable and features easy volume control and reliability.
My wife and I have the same phone/headsets, and we've used them together without any interference.
The iTorch also has a LED light and laser pointer option on it as well, making it a potential replacement for an emergency light and laser pointer for presentations. This would allow you to leave a couple other devices at home and increase this chargers usefulness especially when space may be tight. The light is fairly bright, think good pen light, which is all you need in an emergency or if you just need a small light for those times when working in a dark area (under a desk or behind something). I haven't gotten to test the laser pointer fully, but it seems adequate for using in a presentation/meeting.
 The Laser Light worked well throughout.  As to the length of time of available usage for the laser light I cannot attest.  I have little usage for such.  This charger recharged my iPad3 37% and iPad Mini 60% before shutting off.
9471	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I travel a lot by RV so my cellphone is my lifeline, not to mention my only means of internet a lot of the time. Dropped calls and slow loading webpages are a drag. The weBoost booster is a big help. In Florida I saw my signal strength go from -84 to -68.which is a pretty decent improvement. One problem I had seen with the previous products (when the line was called Wilson) was the cradle getting unacceptably hot. This seems to have been solved with the weBoost line. They've also made the cradle a bit more substantial with holding arms that are easier to adjust when swapping phones. It seems a little pricey for what it is. However, it does cut down on the aggravation of losing signal all the time enough that I wouldn't be without a booster in my car or rv.
Well, this phone doesn't disapoint. There's external music controls and an external volume control. You can turn it up loud enough to annoy the people next door if you really try. There's also a headphone jack that, thankfully, allows for normal headphones to be used. I have a neat little set I got on a Delta flight, and they work just fine.
6225	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am very pleased with this product as I own both iPhones and iPad.  I travel frequently, and on long trips and the extra power comes in very handy. I will surely do business with this company again!
I realize that Motorola Buds may not have all the features that the Tone+ has, but they pair and play perfectly with my phone.  They feel DIFFERENT than tone+ around the neck and in the ears, and music sounds slightly DIFFERENT; different isn't better or worse. I do find the earbud cords somewhat too short if I don't carefully roll the little rubber bands up towards the top of the neck band which gives them more leeway. Hopefully, the bands won't break like others have complained of.
5166	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you do not want an uncomfortable bluetooth receiver in your ear this is the way to go. It's definitely loud enough and the best part is that the voice recognition works like a charm.
Once the Motorola Q is approved for service by my company, I plan to unload this dog and buy one of those.  Whatever shortcomings the Q may have, they don't begin to rival those of the 700W.
- Very light phone
2142	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is ideal for the iPhone 5 or larger smartphones. It's a bit bulky but if you want to protect your investment this is a must!
Before the booster Ping 1005, download speed 90 upload 110 kbps
2590	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When I bought my first Bluetooth-enabled phone about 3 years ago the deal included a Motorola Bluetooth headset.  Cool, I thought.  Then I used it less and less, because the thing had to be recharged at home and would only last about an hour.  Soon I thought it was just too hard to use ... hard to put on, and totally weird in that to turn it on you had to take it OFF your ear, flip down the mouthpiece, then put it BACK on your ear.  Whoever designed the thing had no clue how people use headsets.  It also sounded like I was talking from the bottom of a water well.  Whenever I used it on conference calls people would yell for me to go on mute.  So I started asking people in the waiting rooms at airports what brand they had and what brand they liked.  I got so many people who hated Jabra that I didn't even consider it.  I already didn't really care for Motorola, so I started looking at Nokia, which seem to be nice but clumsy, and then I kept meeting more and more people who were in love with their Plantronics.  I have used Plantronics headsets for a long time in the office, after all, that's all they do and they seem to do it well.  I looked at a few Plantronics and didn't find one that jumped out at me, then one day I ran across the Explorer 350.  This was just too good to be true!  Are you kidding me, $49 bucks for a Bluetooth headset made by the top brand?  Then I looked closer and found that Plantronics did something very unique with this headset.  Instead of having to charge it at home, it comes with an extremely cool little clip that either mounts to your dash or hooks to your air vent in your car then plugs into your cigarette lighter.  Now that made sense!  A place to hold the headset where you use it most, always charging, then ready to use in a second or to walk around the rest of the day with it fully charged.  For us road warriors, Plantronics also thoughtfully included a USB charging cable so the trusty laptop will keep your headset charged while you sleep.  You can buy an optional AC adapter if that makes you feel more secure.  So how is it built and how does it perform?  Built like a Hummer!  The main piece is one solid chunk that looks like it is pretty immune to any normal damage while clunking around in your pocket with a lot of coins.  The piece that goes around your ear looks like it is solid as well, and effortlessly switches from ear to ear and slips on with one easy motion.  After the first time, this thing slips on with no thought on my part and instantly is in the perfect position for use.  Operation couldn't be simpler.  Unlike my Motorola with several switches that you had to remember how and what sequence to push them in, the Plantronics has one switch.  Push it in to turn it on, push it in to turn it off, push it in to talk, push it in to hang up, push it in to voice dial, etc.  All you have to do is push.  Want to make it louder or quieter?  Push up or push down.  No-brainer.  I saved performance for last because this is what convinced me to keep it.  After a quick charge I called a friend from my car with the window rolled down.  This is a friend I talk to all the time from my land line.  I said, hey, I just bought a new Bluetooth headset and want to see how it sounds to you.  He said, cool, put it on and I'll let you know.  I said ... I already have it on!  He said the sound was perfect, no background noise of any kind and it sounded at least as good as my landline.  One of the things several of my airport buddies told me they liked about Plantronics is how the durable rubber earpiece fits comfortably inside your ear and blocks out noise ... like annoying flight announcements.  I have to say that not only did I sound perfect to my friend but every call I have been on has been easier to hear than with any other headset I have ever tried.

I eventually bought a new one with adjustable gain, which has worked beautifully for almost 2 years now - the adjustable gain was critical in getting it to work for my situation (my antenna was picking up some echo/feedback caused by nearby trees & the wall of my neighbor's house, so the adjustable gain allowed me to get the maximum performance without having the feedback detector shut down the booster). I also recommend mounting the unit on a wall because the vertical placement will allow it to vent properly and remain much cooler than setting it on a flat surface.

2140	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	WHAT CAN YOU SAY, DIFFERENT SIZES FOR WHATEVER YOU NEED. I REALLY LIKE THEM, I HAVE SIX IN TWO DIFFERENT SIZES. I JUST WISH THEY WERE A LITTLE CHEAPER, BUT YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. I ALWAYS SAY IF YOU HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT THE PRICE DON'T BUY IT. BUT TRUTH BE TOLD THESE ARE REALLY GREAT. JUST CHECK INSIDE AND OUTSIDE DIMEMSIONS.
The form factor is, in my opinion, GREAT. It's small, till you flip it open, then it feels more like a 'real' phone with a mouthpiece near your mouth.

9424	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Went from zero to hero. Only works I one room but that is better then none.
This friction mount is relatively small but stays well on all dashboards I've used it on. It's pretty flat so it travels well in a suitcase or carry-on bag. It allows you to position the unit in the most appropriate spot in the vehicle and then using the clap attached to the GPS, adjust the angle of the display so it's optimal.

I've owned both now and, have to say that there are
Oh, yeah.  Another problem is that T-Mobile expects you to pay $9.95 to set up your album on its web site, then 29 cents for each photo you upload to it.

Anyway, there are many more things that are truly horrid about the Razr but I'm too irritated to mention them. The best thing about it is that it's small enough to lose.
4487	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	On my second time using the device the connection to the bluetooth broke/shorted so I am only able to use the bluetooth. It is a good bluetooth and I have had no complaints with it so far, but I bough a wireless headset not a bluetooth. I am very disappointed.
I was immediately impressed with the Samsing WEP200.  It synced as easily as any other headset I have tried - no problems whatsoever.
7446	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I absolutelly love this little head set.  This is my second one as unfortunately I found out they do not survive the washing machine very well.  It fits around the ear very well and does not intrude inside the ear canal as some do.  Sound quality is at least as good if not better than the speaker on my cell phone.  I have been told that sound quality of the mic is equally good by those talking to me.  I really love the folding mic and the smooth body when carrying it in my pocket.  This set is so comfortable that I usually prefer to wear this instead of use my phone to talk, even for a short time.  I like it well enough that when my local phone store stopped carrying it, I went online and searched until I found one I could special order!

9687	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Would buy from you again!!
The battery lasts about 3 hours after fully charged... good enough for me.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Discovery-925-Bluetooth-Headset-Black/dp/B001630QZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Discovery 925 Bluetooth Headset - Black</a>
7449	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The only thing that I can add to the the reviews already posted on this device is my own experiences - we ordered 2 of the 'bulk packaged' bundles which include the headset and the charger.
6795	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The batteries arrived ahead of schedule BUT after less than a week in my watch, the battery died out.
-Good form, feels good in the hand
Now, when this Mobal SIM card was offered up for free with my N95 purchase, I jumped on it.  How could I pass up a free phone number, free incoming SMS virtually everywhere, and a card that doesn't charge any fees at all?  With this SIM card around, I don't have to think about it.  I can just pop it in and go.  No need to learn a new number, no need to find out what SIM card actually has good rates, etc.
The End,

-The RAZR (probably the silver one only) is rumored to be coming to another US carrier very soon (Hint: starts with "T", ends with "obile")

So what's wrong with it?  I give this product a 4-star rating only because I can't shut off the blue power light, which is so bright, it illuminates my home office as well as any night-light! Since the room doubles as our guest room, it would be great to be able to shut off that light without unplugging the device.
1901	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ok

Alpine CDA-9815 as AUX in Receiver
8072	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Could barely be heard when using this bluetooth device and not easy to hear who I called. Got progressively worse as power level was discharged. I do not recommend this product. My Garmin NUVI 660 has better bluetooth audio quality.


Comes with a cloth pouch to store the battery pack, but there was no way to include the charging cable without scratching the battery pack's glossy interior. Which now brings me to the biggest issue with the product:
2) Once you turn it on (by opening the mic) it re-syncs with the phone in about a half a ring.


2403	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ive tried many other blu tooth head sets and none of them worked for me so i was looking for a wired head set but my cell phone uses an adapter and i didn't like that so i thought i would try this wep 200, and it worked great but kept falling out of my ear, i even wore it in the swimming pool because i forgot i had it on, i dried it off and it kept working.
My verdict on these Motorola earbuds, after 10 or so days of use? Five stars. And I would give them six if I could. However, as I said, I will be watching closely for any signs of premature failure, and will update this review should that happen. Right now I'm a VERY happy camper, and would recommend them without any reservation whatsoever.
6. Comes with multiple earpieces for comfort.
This phone has an abundance of features but I will go into the ones that I use. First of all it's contact list and calendar dates, with the use of Motorola's Phone Tools software could easily be sync'd with my PC. This was an immediate plus. I soon found use for the phone's 2 Meg camera. I'm a jeweler and I used the camera to take pictures of merchandise I've been interested in adding to my store's inventory. Once I did this I had the choice of looking over the pictures from the cellphone or downloading them into my PC. The pictures are crisp and the detail is easily seen. I also stored a number of my own inventory pictures to show any prospects. This was easily done after I installed an additonal 2 Gig memory card in the phone.


Will recommend this.

I'm unlikely to use the built-in flashlight anytime soon (we currently have 24 hours of daylight in Alaska), and I don't know if the laser pointer will ever come in handy, but both are probably handy features for other users.
9911	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had no problems applying the screen protector to my BlackBerry Curve 8330. I've been using it for a couple weeks now, and it's holding up great. There may be better products out there, but for the price this one is excellent.
3772	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to supplement the outlets (12 volt and USB) in my 2013 Silverado. The 2 amp USB will maintain my Nexus 7 tablet which I use for GPS. It will only charge it if the tablet is turned off. The 1 amp USB will maintain Samsung Galaxy S3 and S4 smartphones, but will not charge them unless they are turned off. Mounts unobtrusively near bottom of dash, I have mine hard-wired into vehicle for permanent use. CLA sockets are a bit shallow, so CLA adaptors can be easily dislodged by a rambunctious lab in the front seat. Covers for the CLA sockets are nice addition.
1605	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Having used this and a motorola, this is the much better headset. Good volume, good featres. It's not as stylish as the motorola, but much better for what it's designed to do.
- The worldwide emergency number is 112. Works just like 911 in the states.
I also have 3 Ereaders in my family and the IMP500 will be used to charge those as well.  I'm planning on using it to do my Nook Color, and will also use it to charge my kids Pandigital Planets.  Update: I have now utilized it for these ereaders and it works fine.  The charge time is a little longer though.  It's slower than the original charger but when your on the road that's OK.  By the way depending on how I'm using my ereader I'll attach the IMP500 while I use it.  This way the charge on the unit stays longer and I'm sort of running of the eternal battery at the start of the day.
It comes in a very nice box w/ clear and easy to understand English Instructions, the ITorch PowerPak , a Micro USB for Android phones, a Samsung Galaxy Tab Charging Cable and a Velvet Pouch.
Cons: short charging port, and no wall outlet adapter.
I tried the strategy, and it works
7508	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It came relatively quickly. Set-up went easily. But when there was an incoming call, neither could we get the plugged-in house phone to answer, nor our cell phone. We had to note the number that was calling and then call them back. The house phone would make a call out, but only after entering a code. We were unable to get the device to work with other phones on the in-house wiring system. After a week and several re-hook-ups, we threw in the towel and now just use the cell phone by itself.

Extremely hard to put on.
If you are looking for a great Slider, or want to try a new company because you had a bad experience with someone else (like Motorola for instance), this is a WONDERFUL phone!

You can't use a regular closed case with this installed, plus you can't use the holstered profile, and you can't use a desktop charger either. Overall it would be better to use a good leather case than this thing. Cheaper too.


MicroSD: The N82's spec doesn't state support for HC MicroSD memory, but I took the chance and bought an 8GB one and it works flawlessly...
1. The position on my ear is awkward.  It flops around and will actually fly off my ear if I turn my head too quickly.
2829	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good item
- No protruding antenna
Negatives:


i will definitely be visiting the store again! thanks for the quality products and accurate description!

7685	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great piece of hardware haven't gotten to use all the features yet but from what I have used so far I am impressed. Delivery was prompt and in good condition.
9496	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't really work and I don't know if I was doing something wrong or what but could never boost anything. Maybe I did something wrong. And it seemed like it was a toy in it's quality. For that I give it 2 **.

9007	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After using the New Trent Enerpak USB chargeable 12000 mAh heavy duty charger, I wanted something for the shorter trips and to top off my devices.  I received the IMP52D iTorch.  At the time, my Ipad was at 70% and this wonderful little charger brought it to 100% in 1 hour and 38 minutes.  The charger showed 75% remaining.  I then charged my Iphone.  It took 1hour and 59 minutes, leaving 25% on the charger.  No complaints here.  I keep it charged at all times to top off my Ipad, Iphone and Kindle Fire.
-Price: Not one of the uber-cheap new bluetooths or anything, but not $75-100 dollar fashionista prices either (*cough*, jawbone, *cough*).
9937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Beautifully constructed. Fast shipping. However, a bit too bulky for belt wearing. So I clipped to my 'deployment bag' to hold small objects. And, the deployment bag, (different company) was just a few dollars more than the Maxpedition Cell Phone Holster. My recommendation is to do your homework.
First to clear up some things I've seen on the reviews:
All that said, while it may not be the most aesthetically pleasing Bluetooth headset, it is not the ugliest either.  It is interesting to note the design differences in the newer Jawbone model that Aliph just released, however.  They've presented a much more attractive version with a sleeker, less obtrusive style, seemingly proving that the manufacturer recognizes the customer's desire, frivolous though we may be, for a headset that is pleasing to the eye.
9397	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have tried three of these boosters, and this one is the best so far.  One piece goes in a window facing the closest cell tower.  If you have low E windows or metal screens, it may interfere.  Then you run a cable from that piece to the second piece, which can be up to 25' away.  In our case, it adds about two bars to our signal strength, which is a nice boost.  Easy to install and does what it it supposed to do.

3525	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Product itself was great however... the blue and red were actually dark purple and pink. Not exactly what my grandson had in mind.... However, the Seahawks one I bought him arrived the next day soooo he was thrilled.
- Excellent sound quality on both ends
9079	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most sound investments I've ever made.  A few times since I've had the power pack it has saved me from being without a phone.  It charges electronic devices (my new iPhone 5 in particular) about twice the speed of a normal charger.  It's lightweight and so small it fits into a cup holder, purse, pocket, glove box, almost anywhere you can think of.  Because it's USB  you can charge any cell phone and many other electronics.  It charges my new iPhone from empty to full 2+ times before needing its own recharge.  One of the things I really love about this is I can have it at home for whenever a need a super-fast charge or it's affordable to even have a second so I can just leave it in my glove box for an emergency.  When I bought this two of the features I didn't know it had was a laser pointer, great for teaching and a super-bright and flashlight, again great for that emergency.  The charger itself is super easy to re-charge, you can charge it via an electrical outlet and you can also charge it using your computer's USB.  Looks like I have most of my Christmas shopping done just buying a few more of these.

for dialing, I expected that it would somehow work with my phone's built in voice dialing (like pressing the button once would activate voice dial).  There is no documentation describing that this would be the case, but I guess it was my expectation since my phone's wired headset works this way, and I expected the bluetooth speakerphone would work this way as well.  For my phone, hitting the Jabra button would dial the last number that I dialed.
Good Luck in your own quest for perfection. (Nerdvana?)
6094	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This iTorch is an awesome product and an amazing convenience to have. It does everything I could hope for. The battery capacity is more than sufficient to supply multiple devices enough power to last throughout the day. I am very relieved to know I have a backup power supply in the event I forget to charge a device before class. I will be taking a lengthy road trip soon and I am certain this external battery will be a lifesaver for everyone involved. New Trent was brilliant to use a USB, the compatibility with other devices is the best. Almost every device these days has the capability to charge through a USB cable and most include it when you buy!
276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Graet...charging quick!
UPDATE: After another week, I'm still totally excited about this product. a couple of days ago I ran a conference call from my cell phone, from the car. One of the other parties was on a lousy speaker phone. I could hear them perfectly.
9514	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Tried every combination and watched the install videos.  Not one bar different. I do live in the middle of nowhere.

1576	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I found this item to be lightweight and comfortable. Sound quality was fairly good. That's about all I can say that is good about it.
CONS:
2. No user replaceable battery, with a maximum number of charges specified at 400. Basically, it appears Motorola expects you to throw this device away when the Li-Ion battery will no longer charge. I would prefer the ability to send the unit in for battery replacement and not further contribute to the burgeoning electronic waste issue. If you're a big talker and max out at 6.5 hours per day, you will get 400 days of life from the H710. One thing that is clear, don't recharge until necessary, as you are counting down from 400 on the life of the headset.
Pros: Fits the GPS perfect, all parts included with extras
2.  Direct, finger push access to the little on/off button on the sensor.  Handy if you want your sensor battery to last longer.  you can even access it without fully taking the sensor off of your shoe- just pull-turn-press, and you're good to go.
4894	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	...very satisfied with product...it has lived up to it's written specs very satisfied with the product...and let's not forget Amazon.com a GREAT onlne service

*** original review ***

4222	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The iPhone really needs a horizontal case like this one. It's a bit long and wearing it on your hip vertically makes it uncomfortable and unwieldy when you sit down. Whereas a vertical case eliminated this problem. In terms of looks, I feel horizontal and vertical both look equally as cool but a horizontal case is a lot more convenient, at least to me.

would consume majority of your battery. With this you know youll have at
3783	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	my taxi is a Chevrolet Uplander Minivan. The power outlet is on the floor, lousy location. Now I can plug my phone, GPS, and customers phones in and charge them using this. Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there. Definitely a good investement
I really like the RAZR phone.  It's very solid and the voice quality is excellent.  Speak Out Wireless runs on AT&T and T-Mobile networks so the reception quality can vary, but overall the RAZR does an excellent job in pulling in as much signal as possible.  As with other Moto phones, the brightness of the screen can be adjusted, and the ringer type and volume can be easily changed.  The metallic keypad takes a little getting used to, but is pretty comfy to use.
The earpiece cables have rubber bands around them to keep them close to the headset. Its up to you if you want them on or not. Right now, I have them on.

I haven't had a problem with the on/off switch like some reviews have stated.  I find this charger to be a great little machine and highly recommend it if you need some extra power.  Well done New Trent!

The three pieces: the battery itself, the plastic battery cover piece (replaces your current back piece), and the optional rubbery-feel case part. My brother uses it without the case, so the back is smooth. He stopped using his previous case, since obviously it won't fit over the new huge battery, so that's one downside.
7847	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Unit I got was same as pictured. It works great, fits my thick case without interference on my iPhone. This was a good value. I cannot speak for how long it will last but have no reason to question normal life. Great adapter to get big cord ends down to a size to fit the iphone with a case.
Unfortunately, this is not a good buy.
1418	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
9235	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is durable and made of good material with Velcro seal.  Its a good buy for the price. I took the metal clip out and use it for my mothers cell phone. There is enough room for the phone , contact list and maybe your car keys.
only major con for me is that it's only a 2g phone and AT&T is putting more money, effort and time into their 3g calling network. so coverage is going to shrink and get less reliable over time with these older phones!
3216	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Mobile service providers claim that this type of antenna does not work, and I have to agree with them.  Installing it actually reduced my reception from 2 bars to NO bars!  If you search the internet, you will find that passive antennas like this are no different than that battery compartment sticker that claimed to improve cell phone reception, block radio waves from frying your brain, etc.  It doesn't work and it's a waste of money.

The first call I received was fairly important, and I told the caller to let me know if they had ANY difficulties hearing me. During the five minutes we were on, I drove on different surfaces (some quite rough) and was driving at 60 mph during half of the call. Towards the end of the conversation I asked the caller if they'd been able to hear me OK; they wondered what I was talking about and stated that everything had sounded GREAT on their end.
3457	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this product to keep my iphone 3gs in plain view, to have easy access when selecting songs, or when using google maps as a navigator. I have gone through numerous bumps, instant brakes and my iphone never came off. You can even move it to view your iphone in panorama mode.
Cons:
People I talk to on it don't know I'm on a speakerphone.  Their voice quality is slightly tinny, but not distorted and still very intelligible.  In every way it's better than a headset I tried, which was tedious, didn't sound good, and hurt my ear.
4900	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	All newer and better BUT they did away with the mini-USB port that I loved on the H700! So if I want to continue using this, I'll have to carry its own charger with me instead of using one for my BlackBerry and my old H700 both! What was Motorola thinking? The new connector is almost the same size as a mini-USB so no real gain there. Shame on you Motorola!!!
...Bluetooth, Podcasting, FM radio, currency/measurement converter, world clock, photo editor, video editor, NGage games
My only complaints are with actual phone calls.  I've heard from people I've called that it picks up a lot more wind and background noise that my old Voyager 510 did.  There also seems to be a bit of a delay (less than 1/4th of a second) between when I start speaking, and when the mic starts picking me up.  It's fine if I take the time to speak clearly, but tends miss short, one word replies completely.
6630	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When I first opened it I was skeptical, thinking it looked like snake oil.  I installed it according to the directions anyway, hoping against my better judgement that it would actually work as advertised.  I installed it on a telephone pole with the small antenna in the corner of my living room, in an area where I generally have no signal or 1 bar maximum.  Now I have 4-5 bars throughout my (small) house, and can make rock solid calls where before it was impossible.
34	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It was a great deal,, I would keep buying !!!!!!!
this is my second buy ..
7093	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent replacement battery for the Motorola Razr, at an excellent price! Also, super fast shipping!

5561	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great

2315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been using it for about a month.  Got it on amazon, the prices simply cannot be beat.  This phone is $170 in cingular stores!



6441	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The company I work for has its own repair center for our company fleet and this headset was purchase for our shop foreman.
1058	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Seems to work well, but the knob started to slide around the pin, so one day I thought it was turned off while it actually stayed on Battery Test (did not look at the screen). Next time I wanted to use it, the battery was dead. Now I have to fiddle with the knob a bit every time I use it.
8871	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice,easy to use finely made and very helpful
3892	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	"Thunder"?  That term is a little loose.  Good pressure for ninety jets and rain style...but this thing isn't going to pound the soap out of your hair.  We will keep it because its okay...but I would not say it is really high pressure.  But it is a LARGE head and provides good coverage.  Some people really like the feeling of the dirt and sweat being sprayed off their body...I am one of those people...this won't give you that feeling.  But the old shower felt like 25 guys with prostate problems were peeing on me, so this is definitely a step up.
3492	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great
837	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Sound quality was acceptable. The loudest was okay. But the Comfort level was terrible and I broke them trying to get them wide enough for my 18 inch neck. Can't recommend them despite the price.

Oh and the laser pointer is a lot of fun for my cats too. :)
-Nice fit and finish
All in all, it's a great phone with lots of features (and a phenomenal camera) and well worth the asking price.  Sorry for the long review, but it's got a lot of features to discuss.

Overall, a unique departure from the mundane world of cellular gadgetry.
3699	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Only use this a couple of days before returning it.  The call button is so stiff, it's next to impossible to press while the headset is in your ear. Even when I held the unit in one hand and pressed the button with the other,  you were never sure if the press registered.  The volume buttons were not this stiff though.
I use this for browsing,checking mails and everyday in Gym as a music device. Battery is really good, and reception exceptional.
6122	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I picked up one of these on sale recently, and was pretty impressed with the product.  I've been able to squeeze about three full charges for my iPhone 4S out of the device. The included LED/laser combination is probably pretty nifty if you already carry those around, although I haven't found a need for them in my experience. There's a single multifunction button that is used to both control charging as well as the included LED/laser, and it took me a little while to get used to the controls. The battery itself charges through a standard microUSB cable, and the rated 4-5 hour charge time is accurate in my experience. For the price and form factor, the IMP52D provides a solid, respectable product.
4 Stars because of the noticeable heat.

Negatives:
-Does not generally require an IT department to configure to an Exchange Server
We could not decide which one to purchase for our mountain cabin so we ended up ordering both units and put them to the test. For our mountain cabin, we get 2-3 bars outside and can make calls and get data connections. Because the cabin has a metal roof, 6" walls and heavy insulation, we could not get any signal inside the cabin, so calls and data connections were impossible.
1305	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This HS850 headset, at the amazon price of $37? or so, is a great deal.  It's easy to use, retains charge for a long time, and doesn't feel uncomfortable on my ear.  The reception can break up with distance or sometimes even when in close proximity to the cell phone, which is dissapointing, but that doesn't happen often enough to annoy me.
I'd stick to the old H700, with good noise control, great comfort and the ability to charge anywhere.


7750	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It was delivered on time, even faster than expected. The quality of the headset is excellent thank you.
9834	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this battery to replace a dead watch battery.  Worked fine, batteries not expired. Saved quite a bit not only on the batteries but installing the battery in my watch. I also purchased a watch battery replacement kit on Amazon.
1099	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	i bought 3 different bluetooth devices in the past and all of then didn't last long not to mention sometimes it won't pair up with my samsung cellphone. for this item all i need to do is plug it to my cellphone and that's it. very convenient to use has a small clip to secure it to your collar. for its price i bought 3 more. one for each (2)car, 2 for me and wife when are walking. reason for 4 stars only? only time can tell how long this will last.
967	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm giving this product 5-Stars as I find it to be just about what I'm looking for in a headset.  Some have criticized the sound quality, but I found it to be stellar with the Buds.  I own the LG-Tone and will definitely say that this device is a notch above in terms of build quality, range, and sound.  The only area the LG may have a leg up on this headset is in regards to having vibration, multi-sync with more than one device and that it can accommodate larger sized necks due to it's flexibility.  I'm a big guy and have about a 17.5 to 18 inch neck, and this fits me find.  I noticed that I do, ever so slightly, feel the Buds on my neck in the front, if I really think about it.  I believe that if I loose a few pounds then this would not be present at all.  It's really not a big deal and as I said, barely noticeable for me.  That being said, I notice it just as much as I notice the LG-Tone, due to the extra weight the Tone carries on the stems.  I much prefer the build quality and back loaded weight of the Buds, which puts the weight at the back of you rather than the front of your neck.  The problem this cause with the Tone is that when I bend over or lay back, they device would shift due to the weight and fall/slip off.  This doesn't seem to be a problem with the Buds, due to the weight being more balanced and even.
* The iPhone is almost entirely about "sex appeal": Polished, slim, with a large screen for viewing content, multi-touch user interface (we've all seen how to zoom in and out using finger pinches, do inertial scrolling through a list of contacts, etc).  As such, it is very big on "usability".  The N95 is not even a touch-screen device.  (Personally I actually prefer "hard" keys w/tactile feedback; having used the touch-screen based Motorola A1200 MING in the past.  Touch screens are not very good for, for example, dialing a number without looking at the screen).
5357	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item was shipped promptly by means of UPS. Arrived professionally packaged in original product box. Instructions were great for assembly, has a smart design that will protect the phone from bumps, dust, and light water mist. When following the recommended instructions for installing the silicone screen and key shield, there are very few bubbles if any on the screen. The silicone is molded specially for the keys, fits perfect making it easy to use the keyboard. There is a hole cut out for the trackball, again, perfect fit. The plasic belt clip holster it comes with acts like the original Blackberry holster as far as "in holster" setting. I am verry satisfied with this product, it surpasses my expectations.
Once you plug a device into the output port, the fourth blue light illuminates. Device was tested on Samsung Galaxy S2, Samsung Infuse, and an ATT Go phone. All charged quickly and without incident. With the included adapter, I've read that it reverses cord polarity, we were also able to charge a Samsung Galaxy 7in Tablet. Since the output of this battery is 1amp, vs. the 2amp Samsung charger, this was not completed as quickly.
This is a high-quality, beefy, no-nonsense, industrial-design case. If you want to make a fashion statement, buy ring or a Rolex. If you want maximum protection for your BB Curve, buy the OtterBox!
The keys are small. Someone with large hands would not be able to use the phone. Using the fingernails works, but you better not cut them too short.

- Not for Texters
4207	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the fifth Bluetooth headset I have purchased. Previous Motorola and Jabra headsets were harder to use, less durable (fell apart) and did not fit my small ears very well. The sound quality is great and when I first got this, I took it on a trip and used it to make conference calls from my hotel room, answer calls on the street and in the car. It is the best Bluetooth headset that I have purchased, as it was easy to pair, sound quality is great and the battery life holds up as promised.
1935	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This would be great product if it lived up to its specs.

Pros--

1448	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No need to write a Whole lot...this is simply the best Bluetooth you can buy...
7771	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received my Motorola H710 today.  I was able to pair it, charge it and use it without using the instructions, it is that easy to use.  From what I can see, the sound is superb.  It connects immediately when you open the boom.  I had a Motorola H500 previously and had nothing but problems.  I highly recommend this model.  From the reviews I have read it offers superior wind noise reduction also.  Can't wait for summer to open my sunroof and give it a try!!

It's worse than the HS850 in that:
UPDATE - I have spoken to weBoost support and after some troubleshooting they think I received a bad unit. They are sending me a replacement out. As soon as I have received it and tried it out, I will update this review.
8500	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I priced this in one of the cell phone stored in the mall. It was priced at $15. I got it from the vendor for $4 (including S&H). Looks good on my phone, and feels great in my hand. I highly recommend it. It was also delivered promptly. I was VERY impressed. Good job AMAZON!!!!!

3681	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This charger works just fine with two different LG phones that I've had. It charges great, and the price is right.
5033	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Product does not work as described.

9797	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	that's what I mean a great deal of money when you buy in a bundle like this check  the prices at the places you shop and compare prices.  It  pays for itself after the first battery, will buy again
9420	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	5 Bars. Best product ever.
4056	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great in a pinch for the quality and price. If you need a fast re-charge this is for you.
So, here we have a device that sells for roughly $80 that -- it appears to me -- outperforms the Bluetooth hands-free system designed into my (otherwise nice) German car by fanatical Teutonic engineers. This is remarkable to me, and the Jabra continues to impress.
5952	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just got my New Trent IMP52D External battery pack, but already I am impressed after just getting it out of the box. I noticed immediately that it is much more solid, and feels like there is a much bigger battery inside than the cheaper competitors. I like the laser pointer and flashlight, but I think it could be better if there were separate buttons for the lights, because it's annoying having to hold the button for 3 seconds for the flashlight however.
4107	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am very glad I bought this.  It works perfectly on my Blackberry Curve 8330.  Perfect - good protection, good grip, easy to put on and take off, yet stays on perfectly.
1583	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  I had a Motorola H350 and would get complaints that I was difficult to hear. I also had trouble hearing people even at full volume.  With this unit I have to turn the volume down and no complaints about being heard.  It is comfortable to wear and I also use it with Skype on my computer.  My only complaint would be the size of the unit.  It is not as compact as other units.
The idea here is that you can, if you choose, unscrew the base and toss it so that it's not in the way of the bracket, which you then are supposed to insert in any convenient "vent."  Unfortunately, my air vents were either too narrow or too wide to accept the bracket, or "Vent Mount (non)solution."  So it was on to Plan B, the "Dash Mount" solution (at least it's a versatile little fellow).  But the base for this kitschy piece of curious clutter is no more than a single square inch.  Moreover, I had kept the unit for over a year before deciding to give it a try.  So not only was the sticky substance spread over too small a foundation: it was no longer sufficiently sticky to hold in place my iPod Touch even if the surface area were a whole foot!
- Smooth material
I highly recommend the Jawbone
8892	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my boyfriend for his birthday, and for some reason he wanted this instead of just a charging case, and he absolutely LOVES it. He's been raving about it all week.
6210	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have the older version of this charger, which is a little larger and holds slightly less charge. I absolutely love this thing. I can't tell you often it's gotten my phone through a long day, either when I'm traveling or just out for the day and unable to get to a wall outlet. This battery can charge my phone three times (your mileage may vary) and I've also used it on flights for my ipad. Definitely a must have item if you'd be lost without your phone!
Works perfectly and saved me $25.  Thanks!

7531	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is a big, roomy case. My phone fits perfectly with some room to spare. The belt clip is not very strong so I improvised by placing a large key ring through both clip holder and the metal loop. The a placed a small  carabiner hook through the key ring. It sounds like a lot but it is a very simple and effective fix.

I have used many kinds before, and let me tell you, there is no reason you should pay $40+ on such an ear piece, it is not worth it. Certainly not those ones that cost $90 or $100 or more!!. Stick with the Cardo and you will be OK with that. After all you just need something you can speak into and hear well. And this one does do the job.

As for noise canceling, my wife and I tested out this device in very noisy home with four small kids, and I was very pleasantly surprised at how well this headset communicated my voice but not the ambient noise in the room.
5892	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works well
4493	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This thing rocks and they give you a lot of accesories with it. Definitly the best recommendation ever...

1. Slight crackling when I put my phone in my jeans pocket, or have it more than 5-6 feet away. Very clear if the phone is in my shirt pocket, or on my table within 5 ft, but that's about as good as a wired headset. I was very surprised by this, since my phone is a Nokia Xpressmusic 5800 and I thought the two would get along really well
Update...4/1/2016

8693	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this cover fits perfectly!  It lines up great and you can use the keys perfecty too.  It protects your keypad from the letters wearing off.
804	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Overall it is fine for now. I installed it in the rear side of the fiberglass bed of an '09 Tacoma for an extra power source.  Easy wireing to the +12VDC hitch wire bundle and a bumper bolt ground, but, the fuse holder it came with prevented the fuse from making contact on one end.  After about an hour of troubleshooting I discovered the fuse was not contacting the the non-spring side of the fuse-holder and pushed it in. Time-will-tell if it will remain functional or if the contact will recede into the housing.  Then I would need to replace the fuse holder.  I think it is as nice a +12VDC outlet device as one can find, with the one star ding due to the questionable fuse holder it came with. Be aware of the seal loss from the heat shrinkage factor others mention; mine has not been on long enough to discover this problem. So keep it above snow/water-line and tape off the connections.

The use of a mini-USB plug was the reason I bought the H700 in the first place. I thought the H710 was the same on ordered one online based on the reviews I saw here. Why on earth would I want to carry yet another adapter when I already have so many any way. It is like remote control clutter around the house! Why can't Motorola use a standard mini-USB connector like they do on their phones? It was very nice to be able to charge my headset, phone, MP3, Garmin Nuvi from just one adapter. I have a little battery powered "emergency" power device that would recharge my phone and other devices but no tip available for the H710.
4961	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! don't buy anoy other one this is the right one to buy it works perfectly. Please stop your search and buy now!

2899	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We like to use our cellphones to field calls for business purposes, whether at home or out and about.  Our Verizon phones work great just about everywhere else but we often dropped calls: VERY frustrating to do business that way.  Signal strength was slightly better upstairs, but that wasn't very convenient.

1611	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Plantronics Voyager 510 BT headset is a great match with the LG VX8300. I tried the Plantronics Discovery 655 DSP and it was a HORRIBLE match with this phone. If you own the same cell phone that I own, then take my word---Voyager 510 is for you. Sound quality is just like using your phone itself. Pairing is very quick and simple. The over-the-ear design is a little more cumbersome than the Discovery 655, but I quickly got over that once I heard the clear, crisp sound.
1200	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R7W0YPOSDSIG1" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1QEHt2jo6S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/9163nvGRcjS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is a review of the Compac Safe-T-Stuffer Garbage Disposer Tool.
On occasion the phone won't make a call; the solution seems to be that you need to take out the battery.  When you put the battery back in it seems to be fine.
1189	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it.

3853	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works Great.


I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.
The Palm OS gets knocks for being outdated, however, it works very well and is simple to use.  Plus it's alot snappier than Windows Mobile.  It doesn't really multitask, although some programs like IM let you sign onto an AOL, MSN, or Yahoo account and still receive messages after you've backed out of the program.  The Centro syncs easily with Vista and XP, but I haven't tried it on a Mac.  The other benefit is that there is a plethora for Palm software apps out there, both free and for purchase.

5562	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	very bad product, don't buy. wasted $50
 * the battery appears on the iPhone lock screen indicating the IMP52D is charging the iPhone battery -

The Good:

8149	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I would love to have a review for this product -- but alas I do not.  I have ordered this product three times, and all three shipments have arrived misboxed.  That's enough tries, I am now going to look for a different product that likely will not fit needs as well as this one should have.
5317	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This cover has the thinness that I was looking for.  It doesnt cover the bezel like the more expensive cases, but at 1/5 the price it's a bargain.  The inside is shiny smooth but doesn't scratch the phone.  The outside has a slight tacky feel to it, but passes the pocket test (easy to slide in/out) unlike those yucky silicone cases.  It fits snug, the phone doesn't slide around inside the case.  BTW, this product is made in Korea, not China, which indicates that it's not a cheap throwaway cover.

Works exactly as expected!

The phone bravely offers a lot of features for the dollar and were it not for the poor reception and poor build quality, which are deal breakers for me, I would have made my staff stay with this phone.  Get this phone only if: 1) this phone fits your budget and/or 2) you don't care about the above listed complaints as this phone will work for those who just need to dial the numbers they need to call.

relatively small screen (hard to tap with fingernails)
Don't buy this charger if you're looking for a faster charge. It took 25 minutes to charge my M7's battery from 86% to 89%. It works and it charges the phone just fine, but it doesn't do it any faster than the other charger I purchased that didn't advertise it charges 40% faster. In fact, I think it might even be slower considering the amount of time it took just to get 3% more charge on my battery. If you bought this and it is actually working 40% faster for you, then you are 1 out of 100 (possibly more than 100) who received what is advertised. I was really hoping this charger lived up to its hype, but it doesn't. I was going to keep it as a back up charger, but I bought the other one that actually charges faster and is less expensive. I have an extra HTC plug in for the USB cord, so I'll just use that with the spare USB charger cords I bought. This is being returned.
I use this with Slacker Radio (streaming service) and a small USB FM transmitter (no longer manufactured by SIIG) and the audio is wonderful!  It's easy to move to a company car for long trips.

4. If you are reading this review you already know how expensive this sucker is.
- No earbud going into the ear - this is a BIG positive because I can't stand those and, apparently they are not good for you.
Apart from that, it's a very nice mount for my 1st generation iPod touch. With the extension arm, it keeps the iPod within reach in my 2001 Honda Civic so I'm not fumbling for it when I need it.

No place for D-ring to attach.
847	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These arrived very fast and came well packaged.  I am comparing these against three versions of LG Tones that I have owned (the 750,810, and 900s) While I like the Tones but they have a bad habit of giving out within a year (the 900s lasted about 14 months) and are much more expensive. So I thought I'd give these a try.
The cord feels flimsy. The plastic used on the cord and ends feels very rubbery. From my own experience with iPhone cases made of similar material, I suspect this cord with discolor and/or become dirty beyond cleaning if it doesn't break before that. This seller also sells a black one on this listing. I would think it's the same quality as the white one they sell.
9758	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked fine no problems.
it's not too round. Feels great while your holding it. Does this affect
9667	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Batteries
* The N95-5 is for Japan; it is a stripped-down version of the N95-1 (e.g. no WiFi). UPDATE: As someone commented below, it is actually for China.
People on the other end complained about echo.


2986	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like Motorola, they are easy to use, have good ring volume, different tone are very nice and the settings are pretty easy to make. I recommend using this phone.
7966	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Like most tech-savvy professionals, I use and rely on a BlackBerry at work. In fact, I've been an addict for quite some time. I recently updated from an 8700 to this amazing phone. The email, calendar and address book are all what you expect and are accustomed to from BlackBerry. There are a ton of great improvements and I've outlined my likes and dislikes below.
Note: make sure you remember to pack the cable, or else this thing is useless!  Also, I may pick up another version of this that packs a bit more mustard for extended vacays away from the plug.  New Trent has a few bigger dogs out there that offer twice as much charging punch for a few more bucks.
6970	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Decent screen protectors.
6588	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works, but it requires and external antenna. The fact that you have wrap the antenna around your door closing on the wire is a bit disconcerting. My car has really tight doors and I worry that it will quickly chop it in half ...

(2) Multiple cell phones and data cards can be amplified simultaneously;
8399	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Received this item today and I'm already dissatisfied with it.  Really cheap material and phone barely fits in, definitely has to go in without any case.  As I stated in the title, the case is different than the one in the picture.  The headphone jack hole on the case is really small and the edge was applying to much pressure to the headphone jack so I had to cut it with some scissors.  It's a little hard to press the home button and you completely lose the volume, mute, and power buttons, as they are completely covered by the case.  Overall you get what you pay for I guess.  While it serves the purpose for now, I will definitely have to buy another arm band later.  Not worth the money.  Didn't want to bother with the hassle of returning it, so I took the liberty of modifying it to make it work as much as possible.  I would definitely recommend spending a little more on another arm band.
3736	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	As a cyclist, I mounted one of these in the trunk of my car to power my air compressor and act as an out-of-the-way charger for my MP3 players and GPS watches. It works extremely well for this! (I have an iPhone 6 Plus.) The only thing I don't like about it is that the round plug covers are very flimsy and don't stay in place as well as I'd like.
every day and it works great.  You can download your own ring tones and games
344	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Not as great as the zero lemon charge which holds for up to 3-4 days on continuous use but that one is very bulky so not very satisfactory in that regard - this charger is smaller/sleek and holds a charge certainly longer than the standard battery but my first day of use I listened to music for several hours and made multiple calls on it and the battery was dead by 7pm same night on full charge. For the balance and cost I'd say worth it.

The attic antenna I hung from the highest rafter, almost directly vertically above the repeater unit.  I had some leftover cable to loop around.
3534	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	after breaking my phone screen twice in 2 weeks it was time to properly protect it. this works like a charm. as well when i got it it was only $20
Pros:


The one PRO I can give this headset is that I was surprised at how high the volume was.  I never had problems hearing what I was listening to, whether it was a call or music from the phone.

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Etymotic-Research-ER6i-Isolator-In-Ear-Earphones-Black/dp/B000BQSGMM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Etymotic Research ER6i Isolator In-Ear Earphones (Black)</a>
3)  The charging connector looks sensitive.  It's a USB style (similar to a Blackberry style) home-charger that may become "loose" after many charges.  Just a minor nuisance, but probably not a flaw in engineering.
I have used this for a month, and I love it. I have been searching for a decent bluetooth headset, and after using it for about a month, I can tell you it is great. The sound is very good and clear. I have no complaints from anyone I speak with, and usually they don't even know I am using a headset. There are only two negatives, and they really are not that bad. First, turning it on and off is not easy. That is not really a bad thing, but it is a little awkward. My second complaint would take off half a star, and that is, my usb car charger cannot work with it, and I had to buy a seperate charger. It is much easier to answer and hang up, when compared to others I have used. It is VERY comfortable, and I sometimes forget that I am wearing it., as witnessed by my wife who often reminds me tha tI am still wearing it. I bought this because my wife's set died and she needed a new one. Ehem, it seems that I somehow ended up with this one and she got my old piece of &$#%(@ (insert your guess of brand here) because she was used to it. Well, she now has her own and loves it as well, though she also complains about the on/off button. I should also note that my Verizon Razor, which often would not recognize the Verizon blue tooth headset I had, has no problem QUICKLY hooking up with this headset. I really love it and would recommend it to anyone. Lastly, the battery life is very good.

We travel a lot with our RV in tow.  More often then not, staying at locations will poor cell service or NO cell service at all.  Every year we enjoy at least 35 days at parks that have ZERO cell signal unless you complete a 45 minute hike up the mountain or drive 25 minutes.  I found myself hiking at least 3 times daily to gain signal and get some work done.  Good for health, not good just to send a quick email. I was almost going to skip the trip this year due to work constraints.
-Responsive

Other than that, for better or worse the G810 has a 3x optical zoom. "Worse" because that inevitably leads to compromises in the optics (the thickness of the phone is the same, so that must mean that the CCD sensor is smaller - meaning more noise).  On the upside, it does have Xenon flash and a protective lens cap.
The only reason I didn't return it is because i didn't want to be stuck without a phone for another week, and it (mostly) works as long as i use it with the ear-bud.
-*There isn't a flashing light to tell you of a missed alert, until you click on a button and see the black/keylock screen. Else the phone just looks like its sleeping, so you have to consistently click on the buttons to see if you've missed any alerts.
5475	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was really excited about finding this product. I didn't get around to trying the remote, but everything worked reasonably well except my voice quality when making calls was just awful even with the car parked and not running, even when leaning over close to the mic and talking into it. Very disappointing. I wish someone would make an alternative product that works.
2659	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Traveling to Europe for first time, current cell phone won't work there.  My carrier offers an international phone that they will provide but read some negative reviews on their overseas reliability.  My personal number would be used, don't think I want unexpected calls and messages to be received at the international rates.  I didn't want to be without just in case of emergency so this looked like a great deal. I figured that Telestial would be better choice for reliable service while in Europe, and per minute rate was less as well.
- It takes about 5 seconds to turn it on or off. You have to hold the button that long.
3582	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Amazon is the best! Got this GPS for a good price and fast shipping. You get alot for the money with this GPS. Will buy another one!

One peculiarity is that you can't charge the unit with a 30-pin (or Lightning) cord.  You must use the micro-USB cord supplied (or another one like it) and charge from any standard USB jack (computer or brick that you would use to charge the iPhone or iPod).  The reason is that the manufacturer would have had to pay license fees to Apple to use that jack, so instead they have one micro-USB jack to charge it from (power in) and another standard USB to connect to your phone (power out).  This doesn't bother me and it probably knocked a dollar off the price.  But, you do have to have that other connector handy to recharge this battery.
-Battery cover can be very difficult to remove and replace (not a big deal unless you plan to remove/insert a microSD card frequently)
pocket or bag etc. Easy to use with just a click of a button to turn on and

outlets or USB plugs around. Also the added convenience of a laser pointer
Volume is fine--It can be louder than you'll want if you start by turning up the volume on your phone/ipod/etc-- there should be plenty of decibel range. (or turn down the volume on your phone if you can't get the volume low enough).
That's right... at my office I normally have 3/5 bars of signal on Verizon. I plugged this signal booster in, placed my phone in the cradle, placed the antenna on top of my car, and ... nothing. Still 3/5 bars. I moved the antenna to the back of the car... nothing. Unplugged and plugged it back in... nothing. I searched the manufacturer's website for more information but couldn't find anything. Called their support line during business hours, but waited on hold forever and finally got a voicemail box. Left message and waiting to hear back (will update if/when I do).
6776	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit for my Tag!

3584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for Christas as an entry level GPS,  and so far it has worked pretty well.  It is very easy to use and it provides clear instructions with appropriate anticipation.  I have, however, had a couple of situations in which I have been unable to find places that I know for a fact exist, but that has more to do with the software than the product itself.  Overall, I think this is a great entry level device.  Some of the features are unnecessary in my opinion - currency exchange, for example - but the device does what I paid for it to do - get me to places.



7550	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good product for its cost, but i wanted to put my iphone6 plus and it fits but the top is still alittle bit short with the phone in it. And thats not counting a case on it.
- good transmitted audio reports frome
7318	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what I need it to do...make phone calls! I don't want a keyboard, I don't text, I don't want to surf the 'net on my phone...I do all of that with the 6 computers I have at home & work. I like the decent-size number pad...very adequate volume and it looks great.

As for voice quality, is just ok and as mention before, make sure nothing is blocking the signal because you will get static.  Some times when you move around the static comes and goes, but at times there is static no matter if you are close to the phone or not..  My guess is that it has to do with the fact that it's only a VT version 1.1 & 1.2 and those versions have always have static to be normal no matter who makes them.

-Portablity, comes with a small black drawstring bag.

400	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My daughter wears out her phone case in less than 3 months.  She has always used the rubberized hard cases and the design wears off.  This is advertised as a hard case (my wifes hard case is almost a year old and the design is still intact)so she begged me to get it for her (as she really liked the design). Well it is a rubberized hard case like all the others she has gotten.  It does fit nice and seems well made.  Time will tell if the design holds up.  Upon reviewing the item details I see that it is listed as rubberized (kids don't take the time to read do they?) I took 1 star off for the kinda High shipping (wish they would make more of these cases Super Saver Eligible), and for the slightly misleading title.  All in all if this lasts for 3 months I'll be happy.  Oh it also includes a cute carry bag which my daughter was tickled silly over!
248	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice product but it recharge is not as strong as one would think. I does give the additional juice when needed but it does not last as laong as the same level if wall charged on the main battery


I'll give this a 4 out of 5 star.
  c.  Power pack charges thru usb of PC or with most standard micro usb chargers
Pros:

-External Stereo Speakers


8536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works good
  I have a Sprint Mogul phone. Maybe the bluetooth driver on that phone is not good - which could be part of the problem.
9479	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has boosted our signal from 1 bar to 4and 5 bars. I would defiantly recommend this product.
6021	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After having received my new charger just in time for a weekend camping trip with the family and lots of charging to be done as my phone is my primary source of taking photos.  So off we went without worry as I had a new charger and while you may think that 5,200 mAh may not be enough for a weekend getaway it was definitely sufficient.
Well worth the money!
7091	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am very happy with this battery for the Razor phone. Definitely a must if your battery cycle life is down.
3354	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Made my Wii compatible with my new HD TV.  Still only pay 7.99 a month to Netflix and 79.99 per year to Amazon for Prime so I get all the TV I want with this product.  Love it.

*Lightweight
It is also a finger print magnet, well some are and some aren't so it's not really a con.
2) The sound is good enough. (I had been using a Shure e3, which finally broke for good out of warranty). This unit is not near as loud or as bassy as the Shure, but they don't fall off while I'm on the treadmill either.
4936	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this for my original 2007 iPhone.  The one with the recessed headphone jack.  Remember that?  You had to use the then-new super-skinny headphone jack that came on the apple earbuds, or buy an adapter.  Well, the product description said it fit (it was later changed).  I contacted the company to complain, and they said I'd have to pay to return the item, which cost more than buying a new one.  So I threw it out.  Too bad.  Waste of time and money.
2) Appearance- doesn't look out of place at a business function

The ear pieces, at first, I was worried about them. They didn't look like they would be very secure, but I was wrong. You can easily work out with them and they will stay in. And they swivel a bit at the ear pieces, so every time you move, you don't hear a bunch of thumping like many in-ear wired sets.


The Bad (mostly due to it is unlocked):
The instruction on the manual definitely needs to be revised because the actual number of seconds in holding the power button for activating each mode is quite crucial. Here are the actual instruction(tested):
8361	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this item to secure small Flash Drives, that have the tendency to suddenly vanish under myriads of paper and other things on the table. I hook the thing on the flash drives and hang on the wall with push pin.
N95 vs. iPhone
1262	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As long as you use this with a treo great reliability. Use a Blackberry Perl horrible! But fast delivery great value!
The phone paired with no issues to my E815.  I also tried pairing to an iPhone 3g and it worked just fine.  Connection speed was very fast.  To power the unit on and off all you do it extend the boom, extremely simple operation.  I didn't have to mess with any tiny buttons.  When someone calls me all I do it extend the boom and start talking.
5896	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great for traveling or business. You can't beat the Trent brand.
Product was returned as defective and received by Motorola 6/15. A new one was to go out 2 day FedEx. 22 Days later I received it today 7/7, NOT NEW, just a refurbished headset. NO charger, manual, case, or  warranty card.
1035	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm glad I brought this device. I have magnet waves throughout my apartment. They're strongest in my bedroom. I can't rearrange my room. I tried pulling the bed from the wall as far as I can. I was shocked as I check electrical devices. Some of them still emit electrical and magnetic energy when they're turned off. I live in an old building. Computer, monitor, and Wi-Fi box all transmit strong, dangerous waves. My Sony TV seems to be okay, It might be well shielded. It was the only device I checked that I didn't get any readings. When the refrigerator's motor turns on, the magnetic reading are high.
I am very satisfied with my purchase, for the price I paid I think it's a winner.
735	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This cell phone/fanny pack is so roomy, you can put anything in the bag, such as mp3 player or a large sized wallet. I like this bag and I will buy this again.
For some reason I cannot change the # of stars I originally assigned, but it should be a two-star product, not 4 stars...
5248	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We charge our phones in the kitchen and this keeps them in one place and dry.  You need to get the small outlet  adapter that is recommended to keep down the clutter.
I have verified the in-car with stereo playing test- windows down (but don't get the device in the wind).  The server room- I turned off the noise reduction, the other party did not even know I was in the server room until I turned off the noise cancellation.


6769	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good



6336	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Saw this at a trade show selling for $15. I knew I could beat the price. Wow, only $4.91. And it's a great puch.
I got in touch with the seller and they asked me to ship the cable back for analysis, what I didn't do, it's not a matter of analysis, it's just not what they say it is...
Suggestion 2: To prolong the life of your screens, continue to use your Blackberry case.
When I went to Amazon to return it, it would not let me return saying the last date to return had just passed and there is some vague language about partial credit etc.
If you value your investment in your smart phone, such as a BlackJack I or II, or any similarly sized phone, get this case.  The best part - I think I spent about $2 for it here on Amazon.com.

Vendors technical support was nice, and suggested that I purchase the outdoor antenna. I move the complete unit outside and still had to luck.

6443	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this new from Amazon. I wanted something cheap and wireless that would work for in-game chat for online multiplayer on the PS3. This works well, there is a good bit of volume adjusting between the in-game volume and on the headset to get where you can hear what's going on without someone screaming in our ear. When you get the in-game microphone/PS3 system volume setting right the headset will pick up your voice, and any sounds you make (coughing, sneezing, etc) with out picking up other people in the room-it will pick up your cute, cool, or annoying cell phone ringtone from across the room though. The only complaint I have is the noises that come out of it if you forget to take it off and go too far away from the PS3 while the headset if still on.
8359	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	perfect for my intended purpose!
I am planning to get another one for myself, because the first one I got for my wife.
Either way, I don't need a product that requires I be so delicate with it, perfomring an operation that I would need to do at least 3 times a week.
2628	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought an unlocked version of the K790a on April 27.  I like it very much but yesterday, June 20, it suddenly displayed the message "Insert SIM" when I was trying to make a call.  I turn it off, checked and cleaned the SIM card and battery contacts.  Then I tried to turn it on but the phone refused to do so.  A little red light in the infrared port flashes once or several times in every attempt to turn it on.
6689	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the closest cell tower to me is on the other side of a hill.  when i stand on my roof i can get 1 bar of signal strength.  inside reception is zero.  i originally purchased&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/zBoost-YX-510-Cell-Phone-Signal-Booster-Dual-Band-Unit-for-Home-or-Office/dp/B000J2XZ1K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">zBoost YX-510 Cell Phone Signal Booster Dual-Band Unit for Home or Office</a>, but had to return it because it did not work for my situation.  i then bought the older version of this unit (did not have gain adjustments) and it worked flawlessly for me, though the range was only about 20 feet.

I tried the little stubby magnet mount antenna that came with it, but ultimately used the taller magnet mount I had used with the old sleek, since I got 1db better signal with it, and the cable was already routed through my pickup to the dash. I'll keep the shorty for use on my other car if I go on a long trip, or just save it in case the other one breaks or stops working.



Our old batteries needed to be charged every 3 days and if connected to bluetooth when placing a call, we were lucky to make one quick call before needed a recharge.  Just having the bluetooth on would also drain the battery to low battery in 8 hours.
I would never recommend buying this headset or any other made by Aliph.
try not to touch the back, hold it by the sides if possible. lay the phone flat on it's back for the next part. Center the protector to the screen and just let it drop onto it or place one edge on the screen and drop it. It should appear to be floating on screen since you will notice the air gap. Give it a few seconds and gravity should do it's job and simply suck all the air out from between the screen and the protector without touching it. Once it's done, you can use the cloth to get the prints and stuff off the screen. It's a perfect fit and I don't have any air bubbles on it.
A couple of things I'd like to see improved on a future update:

3164	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I really don't like to write bad reviews.. But when it comes to me spending money & the product doesn't work than i don't have a choice.
It actually did work pretty well, when you were within 5 feet of the black antenna, then signal dropped off. It boosted my phone by 2-3 bars. I guess thats why they call it a desk top booster, thats the only place it will boost your signal.
8273	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These boxes are tough durable and most of all indistructable. I would recomend these to anyone who wants to protect thier investment.
303	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product for the money. Far exceed my expectations. Not too bulky or heavy. Only wish the power and volume buttons had covers to make them easier to press but it only a small complaint.
If the battery pack were on and you perform a 3 Second Hold Click, the battery pack will stay on and the LED light will come on - if you attempt to do a 3 Second Hold Click, the battery pack and the LED light will both shut off after 2 seconds -

7518	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Still using it!
7071	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My parents (ages 79 and 80) have a very basic LG phone.  They know how it works and how to use it so when the battery was no longer holding a charge, we discussed the unfortunate possibility of replacing the phone.  I had no problems finding a replacement battery for it so decided to buy 2.  The price was excellent, the delivery was very quick and these replacements are not aftermarket copies!  They are the real deal and they are both holding charges as brand new batteries should!  Thank you for saving my parents the frustration of having to learn a new phone again!
I did extensive testing with the antenna located outside my window where my cell phones found 2 bars.  I found that I could transfer (via the provided cable) those 2 bars to the location of the base unit inside the house; but I got little, if any, improvement in signal strength.
655	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Everything sticks to the path BUT the path dos not stick anything 

4727	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok, we all know this is an awesome earpiece.  I have used it while blow-drying my hair and the other person said my voice was a little muffled but they could still hear me pretty good.  IMPRESSIVE!  The only little complaint I have is that the ear buds don't snap in or securely stay in the earpiece.  They only need a quarter turn to secure on and it is a very loose fit.  I lost one ear bud within the first week of having it; luckily I found it in my car.  And then the next week I lost it AGAIN and haven't found it.  I put the spare one in, and that one fell off too and the problem is, if you don't have the ear bud, the earpiece won't stay secure on your face.  Besides it isn't comfortable without the ear bud.  I did find the ear bud in the parking lot at my office, but someone ran over it with their car and it cracked the plastic inside.  But it still holds together enough to be useable.  I have been searching around to see where I could buy more ear buds and I can't seem to find anyplace that sells them (without buying a whole charger, the thing that goes around your ear, and the extra ear buds that don't fit into your ear.)  I think that if they are only going to have the ear bud do a quarter turn to secure it to the jawbone, the least it could do is click in or snap in or something.  But it doesn't, it just turns and hopefully you UNTURN it when you are trying to adjust it to secure it to your ear.  I now have a carrying case for it to try to minimize the chances of losing my last dying cracked ear bud.  BUT OUTSIDE OF THAT, IT IS A GREAT PRODUCT!<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Aliph-Jawbone-Noise-Shield-Bluetooth-Headset-Black/dp/B000RUPEOA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset- Black</a>
in a world of wireless. in order to use the products we buy, we always need juice and be plugged into the wall way to often. so, using this power pack frees me from being close to an outlet.

Otherwise an excellent case, it protect my iPhone without fail. With openings for all buttons and ports as well as the camera, theres very little that can now damage this phone. Contour even though of what would happen in case of a fall and included hard rubber around the perimeter and back to lessen the impact. In order to not block the sensor above the receiver, some extra space is left at the top.
Another serious flaw is in the mounting options. The unit comes with a mount and two sided adhesive, but there was nowhere on my dash that I could mount the cradle where it would be optimally positioned... scratch that, there was nowhere I could mount it and it not look ridiculous. The cradle didn't have enough range of motion from the mounting hardware, it only rotated about 20-30 degrees. It would have been much more helpful to also include a cup holder mount or even a cigarette lighter charger/mount together.

9383	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE the 4G-S!! I have several of these cradle type boosters which i have in vehicles and on the desk at my olace of emoloyement. I use the it indoor with the home accessory kit so it sits on a stand as well as plugs in to a 110v outlet. Being that its a cradle, i love that in a vehicle i can securely place my devices in it and not have to deal with it falling all over the place. Its securely mounted on a panavise mount made for my vehicles. The cradle provides a small amount of boost and is well designed as well as being quality built. Overall i will continue buying and installing these without hesitation. The only things i would really change is the antenna cable seems a little short. It would be a huge help if it was longer. Also having a hard wire accessory power instead of using the usb cable would be a big plus. Last i would like to see a more powerful version made. While it works and works well it is not very powerful. Maybe make it adjustable or different versions?
489	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	no comment


7046	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The seller sold me what they claimed was a brand new OEM LG battery. When charged it only lasted 30 minutes. It drops 3 bars in that time. That is WITHOUT using it. I mostly only use my phone for texting. There was NO mfg. or expiration date on the battery so who knows how old it actually is. Real batteries have a date on them. It wasn't even in the original packaging. Could be a faux LG battery. Total junk. Seems to be scores of negative reviews about them selling defective batteries. 166 negative reviews is pretty bad and not a coincidence. They had the gall to ask me to remove my negative review of them. Amazon should be contacted just how many buyers received defective batteries. They should not be allowed to sell anything on Amazon. What a sham.
4331	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Quality product, rugged and robust. It currently holds a weighty Midland portable CB in one of our SUV's. So far, so good - no issues.

The volume level is excellent as others have commented.  I used to keep the volume near max but with this headset I can keep it around mid range.  It also has auto volume adjust to compensate for noisy environments.
8702	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These were purchased to protect the rear display area of an underwater camera housing.  They have a grid pattern on the backing that aid in cutting to fit.  They're nearly completely transparent.  I was able to get two protetors cut from one sheet.  Good value. -Bill
8. No dropped calls!

Now for the problems:
6392	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great value and fit, case is a little long for the phone but fits well, especially for the price. I like the magnetic closure.

3365	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrived fast, works exactly as described. Remember the Wii isn't an HD device so all you're going to get is 480p but it's still much better with these cables on an HD TV than with the original 480i cable.  Of you have a Wii and an HD TV you must have this cable.
It was a no-brainer to set everything up:  install the supplied battery into the back of the handset, plug in the telephone wire to the base and the jack, plug in the power, charge the unit and also next to the handset on the same base is the charger/holder for the headset, a nice all-in-one unit.
2415	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is by far the best headset I've used.  Both performance & comfort, I've not found anything better yet. If you're looking at any current Motorola headsets, stop now and look no further.  This unit worked equally well on both Moto Q & Samsung U740.

- Button pressing can be a bit confusing at first
9164	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Have been able to fully recharge my phone (HTC T-bolt) at least twice without having to recharge the New Trent, will probably come close or succeed at 3 recharges.  I would have preferred that the New Trent recharged itself from the USB connector rather than the round plug on the side but the self coiling connector cable  plus mini and micro tips work okay.  Also comes with a small pouch to store everything in.  About the size of a  pack of cigarettes but half as thick or less makes it easy enough to carry around.  So far so good. Seems to be a good value. No power supply provided so must recharge from a PC or charger with USB outlet, not a big deal for me and helps hold the cost down.
999	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	No change with the signal of my samsung s3 and s4. nokia n series and LG phones...


Otherwise, this is a great case and I love it. It protects, keeps the phone clean, and is slim and sleek. I use it with a screen protector and it works great. Love the stand, too.

Though the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wilson-Electronics-Mobile-4G-Vehicle-Cellular-Signal-Booster-Kit-Retail-Packaging-Blue/dp/B00JG9O2P0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wilson Electronics Mobile 4G Vehicle Cellular Signal Booster Kit - Retail Packaging - Blue</a>&nbsp;is quite capable that capability comes with a price: it's cumbersome and large. Ergo, this unit.

Cheap and gets the job done.
I tested it indoors where I am using the older version, in the exact same spot, with the antenna in the same precise location.  I also turned off the other one when testing to avoid interference.  To no avail.
2467	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was worried about my new Sony w810i phone getting scratched or dropped. I ordered this case and am very pleased with it's fit and craftmanship. The holes line up perfectly and I can dial the buttons fairly easy through the plastic. It's a tight fit and getting it to snap is a little tough, but once it's in snug you're good to go. I have not found anything more suitable for my needs.
1733	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This RAZR phone is nicely sized and easy to use.  It is not quite as comfortable of a fit on my ear as my old StarTac, but I'm sure I'll get used to it.  Buying an unlocked GSM Quad band phone offers the ability to travel out of the country and connect in to their networks at very reasonable per minute rates.  Also allows you to access stateside or overseas service without long-term contracts (e.g. monthly or prepaid). Although almost of the entire world is using GSM technology, not all US carriers are GSM.  Surely, T-Mobile and Cingular/AT&T are GSM and there may be a few others. I would make this purchase again.
- Holds a solid charge - I was able to get about 4 full charges on my Samsung Galaxy S3 without any issues.  My tablets do take a little longer, but maybe I am just used to my IMP1000.  Exactly what I expected from a 1a output.
3. Looking up an address wirelessly in the company address book can take several minutes. Fortunately, once it's been looked up once, I can add it to the address book on the BBerry.
9258	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered the case. This case will not fit the Sprint Q9c phone w/ the extended battery.
5833	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've used of few Heart Rate Monitors from other Mfg, and like the Garmin one the best.  Comfortable and does move out of position.  Almost always get a signal.  Battery last forever..
7990	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A very well made item that does what it is supposed to do. The  iPod goes in and out easy and plenty of room for earbud storage. Not much more to say.
A Great Improvement!
555	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	DO NOT USE THIS THOUGH IF YOUR PHONE IS STILL UNDER WARRANTY CUZ US CELLULAR SAID IT VOIDED MY WARRANTY, BUT US CELLULAR IS THE WORST CELL PHONE CARRIER OUT THERE. I SHOULD NOT HAVE EVEN NEEDED THIS WITH A BRAND NEW SAMSUNG GALAXY S3 BUT I DID...THE INSTRUCTIONS COULD HAVE BEEN A LITTLE BETTER IS MY ONLY COMPLAINT
The ear piece is comfortable. It take some effort, however, to put on the headphone. It is a somewhat awkward maneuver that involves the use of both hands to pull the "loop" open so it can go around the back of your ear while simultaneously wrestling with the ear piece to direct it into your ear.
All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.
4030	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Upon plugging into any USB port on my computer and plugging into the charging port on my E71, the phone at first recognizes the charger and plays the charging tone. But then, within seconds, the phone disconnects from "charge mode" and displays an error message (something like "charger not recognized").
- Can use a standard mini-usb cable for data transfer with PC (unless you have bluetooth of course)

The watch only takes two cells so, Ill put two more from the pack in it to see if leaving it alone for a month makes a difference. But changing the battery is a tedious thing. Not rushing to do it
I'm only taking one star away because there are now later models even more capable, and if you're considering buying the 650 you might as well get it with faster internet access.



534	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	sucked. Doesn't seem to work.
3638	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It is advertised for the Droid RAZR, but really is for the Droid X. Not a good fit at all.
The only reason I have not given in 5 stars is the *#$&^ proprietary charging connector.  WHY, oh WHY do companies insist on reinventing the wheel constantly???  PLEASE JUST LET ME USE ONE OF THE BAZILLION mini-USB ADAPTERS I ALREADY HAVE!!!

Bad: -You will see your fingerprints too! :-P
The Palm Treo 650 has been awesome, better than I expected, and is not making it very difficult for me to let go of paper and pen. What struck me first was the gorgeous screen (it's something like 65,000), which is bright  and vibrant (compared to the Tungsten I have had). There's a plethora of features to learn but that's part of the fun, isn't it? I got this phone unlocked so I use it on T-Mobile.

At this time, a User Manual does not exist anywhere I could find on the Motorola web site.  Plenty of marketing info, but no real solid manual.  I hope they fix that because on the package it says the blinking connection light is "Optional" but give no indication on how to disable it.

2955	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these and keep them in the glove boxes of both cars.  In the event of a car accident or other emergency, I can use them to charge the cell phones if they've run out of power.
The only issue I have is if I used a regular usb cable, it would only charge some of my devices at usb speeds. Since there is the include cables, shorting adaptor and case though, I don't see that being a big issue since the bag makes it easy to keep the "right" cable with the charger.
5884	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is amazing. Thank you
The first thing to get straight about this phone is that it is not about form, but function.  It is not the slimmest or sexiest phone out there, nor does it have the most awe-inspiring user interface compared to the likes of the iPhone.  On the other hand, it has every capability that you will find on any phone these days:
4811	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I wanted something to protect my investment and this product did its job perfectly. The iPhone is snug in its case and has easy access to the buttons and does not block the service signals.  The only con is that it may be a bit bulky at first and if you want to take the iPhone out to dock it, it takes awhile to get used to. But once you get used to taking the iPhone out and putting it back in, it is a great case overall.
The main cons of the unit is that it does not come with a AC adapter if purchased from amazon and you will need to have a spare iphone cable in order for it to be of any use to you which can sometimes be a pain.
5742	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	They are what the description is, it has a cleaning cloth and the two sheets of protective film (no application tool though). The outside one is easier to put on, although you still might get a piece of dust stuck inside. The inside one is much trickier. The application instruction labels are sticking out where you need to insert the film into the gap between the hinges, so you have to at least partially peel back both the bottom "before/during" and top  "after" to get it on.
5017	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Does not look like the picture, barly fits with my iphone case. The end came with some paint/whiteout on the end which comes off on your hands and on my phone case.




726	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this headset!  Not only it is light and comfortable to wear, but it's also stylish.  The volume level is fantatic and the sound is very clear.  I had tried Jabra BT250 and it was so staticky that I had to return it.  I live and work in NYC, and you can hear the voice clearly even with noisy background.  I highly recommend this product - BTW, my phone is Sony Ericsson T637.
7301	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I got this item thinking it would work like my old razr...boy was I wrong!!...you will miss text and you will not be able to receive pictures. I bought a ten dollar gophone from at&t that does a better than this thing. So like I said...don't waste your money.
+Durable case
4)An inexpensive fix for poor reception, but in my case at least, only one room reception (as advertised), and all that I needed

2144	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good product.  Very durable and waterproof. Good for camping and kayaking. Easy to use and works well with other sizes in the system.
4303	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have owned two Z9s and, in general, I would say the product is excellent. Light in the ear with clarity on most of my calls. Reception in wind works well - mostly. I ordered the Z9 because I do a lot of driving, and I didn't want to hold a phone to my ear. My first Z9 headset was excellent; however, I managed to run over the headset and it simply decided not to work. My second has a strange problem. When I answer an incoming call, the person on the other end mentions an ear-splitting screech and then every thing seems ok. What does bug me is the problem of the rubber earbuds. They fall apart after a few months of use. My expectation is that if you can build a product that does everything else well, why would you let poor quality earbuds detract from the customer's perception and rating of the product?
I contacted the customer support today regarding the failed startup, when they gave me a workaround:

6813	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed to replace the battery in a few of my watches.  These fit perfectly and resurected a couple of watchees for me.  The vendor mailed them out promptly and I received them early.
-As a Cell-Phone headset\control solutions, this little device appears perfect.
They start looking beat up after about 2-3 years constant use, but that is excellent life for the price
4. The removal of the "charging/belt clip cradle" and the addition of a USB plug for charging.  Now, a lot of hullabaloo has been made in the comments and in other online communities about the "proprietary plug" and the fact that "you still have to carry another cable, even if you want to charge over USB."  Fortunately, this is not the case for either assertion.  The socket on the bottom of the BT500 is a USB mini 4-pin female.  This means that *any* standard USB mini 4-pin male cable (or adapter) will fit the phone connector, and will charge the headset.
5. Extremely easy to pair with both the cell phone (razor in my case) and software (Skype in my case, anycom 250 USB bluetooth adaptor)
4143	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I wish I could report a positive review of this headset.  What little I was able to use of it, it seemed fine.  However, it rests at the bottom of a trash can beside me, in the hotel I am in, after removing the charging cord for JUST THE THIRD TIME.  The first two times it was difficult, and I could tell it was going to be a problem.  So, yesterday, I found a video on YouTude that showed how to properly remove the charging cord without damaging the headset.  I am sure the video was correct, but it did not help.  Perhaps the headset was too damaged from the first two removals.


9423	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not show an improved signal within the RV.  Not noticeable enough to justify the cost of the unit.  I returned for a refund.



5449	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked wonderfully.  100% solid signal obtained consistently by Celltrack on a Nokia N8.  The differences when the amplifier was operating and not were quite dramatic indeed both, by the numbers and in actual call clarity and data rates.  Testing data speeds with the amplifier on, I was consistently reaching 3.5+Mbps down, 512+kbps up in a local rural area that tends to be problematic.  The internal Wilson antenna can be placed behind the phone itself in 3rd party cradle or mounted as instructed, both working quite well.  The external antenna base has a strong magnet that will properly affix to the car roof unlike some lesser magnetic antennas.

6431	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well, Now I can finally wear my favourite headpones at work while using my I-phone.
6471	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had a Blackberry and moved to N95 hoping for a better phone and email appliance. Boy was I wrong! To read emails, I need to push
2948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This item does not contain the most popular mini-USB connector - the one used by most Android phones in 2013. This item's description, in my opinion, is outdated and should be updated not only with similar verbiage but as well a picture of the connectors that are included, i.e., the back of the product packaging where they allow the buyer to try connecting their phone to and of three included connectors. Had this image been available, I'd not have wasted my time.
Works in semi-noisy environment, small car at 80mph is about it's limit.
If you insert the phone as intended, bottom first, you cannot insert a charger cord.  Not a big deal for me.  This type of case is intended to protect the phone while on your belt, in a purse, etc.  It is not a "keep on all the time case."  As such, the fact that certain ports or controls cannot be used while in the case is not an issue for me.  Also, having some of these opening scovered helps protect them from getting plugged with lint or dust.
These is a followup commenst:
Helpful tips:
789	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	3 years later and this device is still working perfectly on a dual sport motorcycle that has been ridden in driving rain, gone up the sides of mountains, covered in mud and dust.  Still charges my phone on every ride.
2284	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This headset is cute but isn't the greatest. It doesn't fit smaller ears as it does large ears. The hook helps but isn't all that great, still have a hard time hearing and it picks up alot of background noise. People I talk to on the phone with say there is alot of static when I was driving with my windows all closed and with the phone in the passenger seat. It's usable, just not great.
540	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	has no effect
I must say, having read several other reviews, I disagree with the pairing button getting pressed a lot and draining battery (is the H710 that different from the H700?  I don't think so).  I just have not experienced that (yet?).  I used to keep my earbud in a little soft zippered pouch attached to the Razr phone case (body glove) and THAT did create much button pressing on a regular basis, annoying at best.  But I find now with this harder cover unit, I'm not getting the beeps any more. (yet?).  On the brightest note, It is nice to need a case for such a helpful item, the bluetooth earbud.
-Regarding surcharges people have written about, I believe that may be provider specific.  The only surcharge her provider, H20 Wireless, has is .15 per week.  Not even close to the .35 a day I've read.
CONS:

Alarm Clock interface could be better.
  he has been trying to delete the preloaded music crap. Unsuccessfully.

4391	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Don't know what other reviewers are seeing. I opened the package, cleaned the iphone surface with a moist paper towel first, then with a dry napkin (my simple way of cleaning the surface), then cleaned with the cleaning cloth supplied (it all took less than a minute), and applied the screen protector. It went on cleanly with very little bubbles that I could remove with the supplied applicator (a small plastic tool to remove the bubbles).
I can't really imagine any improvements. I didn't even see the mini USB opening at first. So beautifully planned. It's also very handy to have both USB slots. It packs up quickly with my other iPhone and iPad cords, nothing bulky to pack. Honestly between the speed and amount of power available I think the price is excellent. No negatives here, just as close to perfection as it could be.
7250	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product.

4288	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Motorola T505 looks cool (kinda reminds me of a spaceship), and sounds great. The built-in FM transmitter is cool and so too the A2DP music streaming feature (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile - audio streamed from one device to another over a Bluetooth connection). It was pretty straight forward to set up and calls that I make or receive are pretty clear as well.  Overall, I think the T505 is a good choice for hands-free calling.




9201	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I found this a week before I left for Austin, TX. I wanted something to plug into my iPhone so I could watch movies on the plane. I received the item and was excited to see the additional adapters it had. I realized I could also charge my camera if need be while I was out and about. I got on the plane and plugged it in. I successfully watched 3 movies roundtrip from Milwaukee, WI, to Austin, TX, and back - and with no change to the actual iPhone battery. While I was in Austin, I did have to recharge my camera battery. We were on the road and I had this in my purse, so I plugged it in - the IMP500 charged my iPhone right up! Both my sisters have iPhones and while we were at a restaurant, one of them used it too. They could not beleive it! To make it even better, my friend was over the other day with her LG phone and it died. She was so upset because she had places to go and no cell phone. I checked the adapters and one of them that came with this battery fit into her phone. I was able to charge her phone while she visited. In an hour, her battery was full and the battery meter on the IMP500 didn't even budge. I highly recommend this device to anyone. It's great to have, it is going to be wonderful on our trips this summer, and it is a quick saver when you need it most. I am shocked at how well it has performed!





1373	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fulfilled all my expectations. Easy activation and AT&T 3G SIM internet is great. No complaints at all. A must have if traveling to the U.S.
4659	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Very weak construction.  Multiple belt system in weak cloth and poor stitching causes the case to tear almost immediately.  A great design, very very poor implementation.  I had to sew mine several times to keep it from falling apart and am just going to replace it now.
to make a long story short, i'm still using it, i have it on right now.  i solved the problem of it falling off by purchasing the ear hooks for it, they are cheap so i have bought several and they really work.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samsung-WEP180-WEP200-WEP210-Bluetooth-Headset-Hook-OEM-AAET180SBEBSTD/dp/B000X16PLY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samsung WEP180 / WEP200 / WEP210 Bluetooth Headset Hook [OEM] AAET180SBEBSTD</a>
The 2198 requires 2 of these batteries, so the five pack provides enough for 2 changes and one in case I drop it. ~lol~
===========================

Phone constantly needs to have the settings redone.  How many freakin times do I need to tell you what time/date it is?
1129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	A very good high quality USB hub. Windows recognizes everything you plug into this hub and, the USB ports are nice and tight.
I also have the NT70T from New Trent, which is a little bigger and has more charging ports, etc. I really like that product as well, but i found myself using it as more of an emergency option for power. I didn't want to use it often in case I needed the extra power in a pinch. The IMP52D however crossed the line into every day usage, which I didn't think would happen with an external battery charger.
  I sent one to my son who is serving our country. He can't say enough about it.
.

692	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a lovely purchase the gift went over very well The item is still being used Love it Thank you

9643	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product
6902	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We were sick of being awakened in the middle of the night and trying to find out which of the darn fire alarms was squeaking. Now we sleep through the night with no worries----for the next few years anyway!!!  When any of the six or seven alarms start in again, we will get enough to replace them all again.  The piece of mind is worth it.

Bites ear after awhile.
8542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	cool
5413	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	At first I really liked this charger.  The fact that the cord retracts inside the body of the charger is wonderful, it makes it so easy to store in the glovebox or a cubby hole and the price is extremely reasonable.
The only real issue I have with this booster is how hot it gets while working. I only keep my phone in the cradle when the signal needs boosting, in order to keep the temperature down. While it is a bit of a hassle to take it out of the cradle and put the case back on, I fear my phone will be damaged if subjected to high temperatures for an extended period of time, over the long term.

11. New

5795	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a review for the newer version of the KU990 (also known as the VIEWTY), the KU990R. I live in the USA, so this phone is pretty rare, and it's expensive to buy, but it's worth the price.
one thing you might want to consider is that this device is not really good if you want to use it in the gym while you are running on the treadmill/ or on the track since the gadget keeps bouncing off your chest when you are running. Apart from the ergonomics, it is a very good device.
9559	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Purchased with the intent of boosting the cell coverage of a location in the Twin Cities of Minneapolis.  We moved into a valley where an old golf coarse was.  Very poor cell coverage so I looked into finding ways to create a safe communication tool without getting a land line.
511	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This phone is worth every penny...i had an old nokia phone so i decided to upgrade & it was worth the money...it plays wav files as ringtones (it converts it to 10x smaller than normal wave files)...great sound,clear reception..has lots of games....i can play NES,gameboy color emulation also.....i also love the key pad...soo diff from regular phones..the only complaint i have it the 4096 colors on screen compare to most 65,000 colors on screen phone..but its great...
7186	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	First unit was defective and the customer service representative sent me a replacement immediately, which was perfect. I would recommend the product and the vendor to anyone.
9698	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Genuine Energizer watch batteries - cannot beat the price for the number of batteries you get.  Worth getting in bulk, especially if your family has a lot of watches; amazing how many share the same battery size
4142	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The over-the-ear piece is a not a good fit for my ears. Moreover, they are extremely fragile and prone to breaking. Within 5 minutes of getting the phone out of the box, I broke the ear piece just trying to get the headset over my ear. I put the headset in my piece and bent the second piece. The plastic piece covering the control buttons seemed very cheap also, and I think it would be a matter of time before that broke as well. I generally take good care of my headsets and electronic equipment, so if the headset seemed fragile to me, it probably will for most. Also, as a woman with a small head, the headset just felt clumsy and big. On the upside, the acoustics seemed decent, but then I only used the headset once and decided to return it.
Cons:
Both putting it on and the controls take a bit of getting used to (Hint - Pull the ear clip out 90 degrees, put clip behind ear then close over ear).
All in all I still will give it the 4 and a half stars but since I cant give it that I will just give it 5.. Blackberry has earned it... I would totally recommend this phone to people of all ages and not worry it just being for teenagers or just adults.  I hope I gave enough information for you to get this phone or not to get the phone but I don't know... But just comment me to let me know what you think!
-  Thinner design if possible for this capacity would bring positive feedback.

You can't really see them until you turn it on and play with it, but there are buttons on the front around the circular wheel you see.  The wheel buttons and all those other buttons around it are VERY VERY SENSITIVE.  You don't need to "push" them, you just need to lightly touch them with your fingertip.
(4) People on the "other end" complained of a lot of noise and echo (no noise cancelling technology, apparently).
- Slimmer Design would fit in the pocket better.
designed for. There are other devices that can handle 2.1 amp devices or
1742	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this unit a few weeks ago from one of Amazon's 3rd party vendors. I got a very good deal, but the trade-off was that it came in a bag with no instructions. I went to the Logitech website and got things going.

5020	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Electrically great!  Unforunately the socket end is slightly larger in diameter than the hole in most protective cases for the iPod.  Be prepared to trim that end slightly.  I bought it because I have a superb Shure headset with an even larger diameter plug.  Good buy and works fine.
  wirelessly and consume airtime for Verizon's profits.
3522	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	did not fit my Samgung model
They need to better shield this!
THE ATT VERSION IS GOOD, BUT THIS IS A NO GOOD PHONE!!

523	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great.

- confusing button to turn things on

3182	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Crap did not work
1540	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am truly impressed by the Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset.  It quickly sinc'ed up with my Motorola cell phone and the ease of use is very appealing.  The price is not so shabby either; this item was $99.00 but Amazon had it on sale for less than $45.00. It also works well with voice recognition on my cell so it is hands free while I'm driving.
Adapter only for size or case.
1543	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I found the ear piece to be very awkward on the ear and the buttons were difficult to use.  I used it for about a month and gave up on it.  Sound wise it was hard to hear if there was any background noise.
1732	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	i bought this to replace a cingular phone and works well. package came with a europe charger and a cheap plug adapter, but had the manuals and everything seemed legitimate. box wasn't sealed and think the product was manufactured in 2005 but again, everything works well.
7487	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I got this phone through T-mobile's upgrade service.  The first unit they sent me seemed to have a lot of problems, so I sent it back and received another one.  The second unit had the exact same problems, which tells me that the phone is defective and it wasn't just a bum unit.  Again, these problems existed on TWO brand new pearl 8120s, so it wasn't a fluke:
4430	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My old Motorola Razr cell phone had been washed accidentially in a load of laundry.  When I retreived it, it was dead and apparently it had a shorted and unusuable battery.  I put the phone away and forgot about it until just recently when my new (Replacement for the washed one) died.  I needed a backup until I could receive another phone so I took the old Razr out of the closet and put the battery out of the replacement phone, that was not working, and put it into the old Razr.  Lo and behold, the old phone worked great with a new battery and 2 years of drying out.  Only problem was that the original battery did not hold a charge because of water damage.  I found a battery locally at Walmart and was astounded that the price for the battery was $28.  I began looking online and came upon my old friend, Amazon.  I found an EXACT replacement, manufactured by Motorola the maker of the cell phone, for a fraction of the price of the one at Walmart.  I placed the order and within a few days, I had my new battery.  I put it into the original phone and I've been using it now for a couple of months with no problems.  Thank you Amazon and their partner, the company that actually shipped the battery.
9722	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great
This product includes a belt clip and on the other hand the rubberized case that is used to attach on the back of the shadow has a gear that attaches to the belt clip. I didn't like so i removed the plastic gear because i prefer putting my phone in my pocket. However, it is quite difficult to remove. Good product though. 4 stars.
very fast internet in 3G areas
2746	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery worked fine, turns out the phone was just broken.
-The remote control is very nice. It is small, battery operated, wireless and the 4 controls (play/pause, next, last and phone) can be easily felt with my fingertips (so I don't have to look). I did not like the rubber holder that wraps around the steering wheel with velcro. I found that it easily snagged on my sleeve. I removed the remote control from the holder and stuck it to an out of the way place on the steering wheel with double sided tape (not in a place where it would interfere with the air bag).
5691	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like this product, it works great.  I like having my phone with me all the time.
4. Ear hook, though removable (to switch from right-ear to left-ear mode and vice versa), is very tough plastic
5873	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It was OK and it did its job until I dropped it one time, it broke in 2 pieces...you get what you pay for.
2505	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I spent about 4 hours doing online research on which BT headset to get my wife for her cell phone (Motorola SLVR L7c)  She wanted something cool looking and had already expressed interest in the H500, but I wanted to double check and make sure there wasn't anything better for around the same price.  So after a few hours of reading reviews on a dozen or so different headsets, I finally decided just to settle for the H500, I was really interested in some of the Plantronics sets, but she didn't care for the design.. I was a little worried about the H500 because the reviews are kinda so-so.. They're either good reviews or bad reviews.  I got it for her so she wouldn't have to fumble around in the car with a phone so how it performs in a vehicle was going to be the make or break point with it.  I'm pleased to say that the headset performs way better than I expected it to.
606	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had 5 cell phones in the past 10 years, starting with the original MOTOROLA FLIP-PHONE.  Then I moved over to a NOKIA phone, which was okay, but I was not satisfied.  I moved over to the NEXTEL phone service for my next phone, which was the MOTOROLA i1000 and a couple of years later I bought the i90, which was the phone I have been using until I recently upgraded to the i730.  I have been with NEXTEL for the last 5 years and I am completely satisfied with their professionalism and outstanding service.  The trade-in/buy-back program is wonderful and it definitely the best way to upgrade your phone.  NOW........on to the i730.......WOW..........what an awesome phone!!!!!!!!!  I can't begin to tell you that NEXTEL offers the best MOTOROLA phones then any other carrier.  I have looked at other phones from other carriers and none compare to the i730.  If this is your 1st MOTOROLA phone purchase, you are in for a real treat.  The instructions are well-documented and it doesn't take rocket-science to navigate through the i730 software.  The biggest treat for me is the COLOR screen, the sleek-ness of the phone and it's overall aesthetic beauty.  So if want to be the envy of all your friends, please do yourself a favor and pick up this phone.  Also, once you experience the NEXTEL service, it will definitely be your last and only phone carrier.  PROOF:  I have successfully moved over many friends and family members to NEXTEL and I haven't heard any compliants.  ENJOY!
1) it doesn't fit as well.  I find myself readjusting it throughout the day
6816	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These might not last too long. Guessing they aren't fresh. But you get 5, so who cares?
Con's
Also be aware that the outside antenna must be 12 or more feet higher than the inside transmission unit or they will interfere with each other.
3336	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Well, it works well with Nintendo Wii.  It displays the screen on 720p very well, the highest the Nintendo Wii itself can display.
6788	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They work as advertised. quickly delivered.
5345	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Item This Item protects my Blackberry just as promised. Ive got the yellow one and you cannot misplace your phone. I also love its size I have trouble holding on to the blackberry as I feel it is thin and dos not provide much to hold onto. This case is contoured to really help get a grip on the phone. I am very pleased with this product.
5434	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I agree with most of what's been written already here and I'd like to add my 2 cents as I have owned the n95-8GB too and I can tell you categorically, the N82 is a much better phone.

7211	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	i like them, i use them with my samsung omnia at the gym to listen to my music and they sound great.  the bad was that they hurt my head for a while but after a break in periond they fit just fine.  not so with the samsung sbh700&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samsung-SBH700-Bluetooth-Stereo-Headset/dp/B001EJJMAA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samsung SBH700 Bluetooth Stereo Headset</a>&nbsp;i bought, they were too small and i never was able to keep them in my ears but one size does fit all as is the case with samsung products.  i am getting another pair of the 500's to act as a backup for many hours of listening.

Recommendations: 1) Make body thinner to make it less bulky. 2) Shorten charging duration to 2-3 hrs or less if possible. 3) A nice to have: If battery is not totally off but in some powered down mode, have an auto shut down mode or different color indicator to let user know to turn off battery.

+ Very comfortable (choice of two ear bud tips, plus extras)
2212	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After months of research I have to say that the 8700g is probably the best smartphone available for T-Mobile.  That's even including the new "Pearl" that includes a camera function.
9914	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's value buy! This combo includes three items in a pack. Timely delivery and fits well with my KE970 Shine. I am very satisfy with it.



Pros:

Reception/Sound Quality: I live in Northern California in a well populated city, and everywhere I go, I get 5 bars with the SE and from 3 to 4 bars with the Shine. I have found the number of signal bars that you get has a big impact on the call quality (as it should)... The Shine frequently echoes what the other person says, and a background static seems to be present in all calls. To ensure that I didn't receive a lemon shine, I tested a friend's shine and sure enough, it was the same. My friend told me they didn't notice the static (he probably got use to the poor call quality)... The SE's reception and sound quality it top notch. No complaints whatsoever here. Even with 3 bars (in a tunnel), the call was still strong.
The laser pointer is extremely bright and fun to use when playing with the pets! The flashlight could be a little brighter, but it does the job. Overall, this is an excellent solution to any battery life issues you may have. As of this review, I have not come across anything I dislike about the product. It works exactly as advertised.
443	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this so I could have a longer cable to plug my phone it. When I plug it in, it just says connect charger over and over again. I bought 2 and neither of them work. Don't waste your money....
most importantly is the screen protector itself. when you first look at it, all you see is a clear piece of plastic and a little tab attached to it. It's important to read what it says. the tab is glued onto a piece of plastic which is attached to the protector. hold itby it's sidesand pull on the tab slowly. this should begin to seperate the tabbed plastic sheet from the protector. it's like peeling off the protective paper from the back of a bow or ribbon or double sided tape with paper on it.
*T-Mobile representatives/support/service are great - fairly fast internet - well thought out design & interface...
I took a star away because it is rocking a bit on the hinges and that made me uneasy. Still not as unsturdy as the SHINE. Also it has a tendency to want to get really, really dirty already.
3161	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Terrible Unit. magnet not strong enough for Iphone 4s. Ended up buying a differnt model for 25 bucks that connects to your cd player slot and that one is amazing.
*Adequate battery life (maybe two days worth of heavy use)
That said, with the right source, the speakers produce surprisingly good sound quality: they'll never match expensive noise-cancelling headsets, but they definitely do better than any earbuds or standard behind-the-head rigs I've used.

2443	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It only does not get the 5 stars because it tends to slip off the belt. However it is a perfect protection / carrying case for the motorola Bluetooth ear piece.
As much as I loved this phone, after 18 months the handset stopped ringing.  I contacted support and the only thing that can be done is to replace the handset - which may or may not solve the problem.  I understand that the warranty is one year, but am disappointed that such an expensive phone has such a short life.


7968	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I just got this phone as a replacement for my Curve 8300.  Boy, was I impressed.  It runs fast, keeps up with my typing & you can do most anything on this phone.  Email set up is a breeze & I love using the custom ringtones for people in my address book.  You can easily create your own wallpaper & songs for it and upload without confusion.
Overall this works just like they explain. The closer you are to your indoor receiver using your cell phone, the better your signal will be. Your not tethered to the receiver with any kind of cables, so you don't need to worry about having a cell phone with any special connections. This also works with data cards for computers as well, which could make this product very helpful if wireless data is the only way you can get internet access. Very good investment for anyone who needs good, reliable cell phone reception.

I have a metal roof so I mounted the antenna inside an open attic vent on the side of the house facing the cell tower, I ran the coax wire through a small hole I made in the ceiling, along the corner of the wall, to the booster and set the antenna up as described in the easy to follow instructions. The white coax makes a crude install almost unnoticeable, this is good, as I didn't want it to look like a mess.
[Yes, an AT&T retail store could have likely synched the contacts between each phone, but this was Thanksgiving and I was anxious to use my new phone, so keep that in mind too. ;-)]
6255	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this for well over a year now, and it works great.  It is a little cumbersome to use at times, but the amount of charge it delivers has allowed me to recharge my phone three to four times before even putting a dent in the capacity of the New Trent external battery.
Contoured shape for wearing around the waist.

Migrating to my first Smartphone:
4367	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Product in less amount of Money.
Most, but not all Palm apps will transfer nicely over to the Centro.  This is a huge benefit if you've got a bunch of Palm apps already, like I do.  Out of the box, you can put all those apps on it, and have a phone more useful than any iPhone or BlackBerry out there.  And if you've got a wireless keyboard, that'll work with the Centro, too, meaning you can use it for larger e-mails and working on Word documents (Oh, did I mention that Documents to Go is included in the box? :))
3910	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Doesn't swivel, so if your piping curve is even a bit off center then so is this shower head. I wrote to the seller asking how to fix, no reply. That said, the water flow is good.
4823	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great case and price if you don't wanna spend $30-$40 on a case at the Apple Store, fits perfectly on my phone. love the style of the bamboo
This adapter is very flexible so it's not like you have a rigid wire sticking out of the bottom of your iPhone.  i wish the connector body was longer so I didn't have to grasp the skinny cord to pull the adapter out of the phone.  But it's better to have this inexpensive adapter fail than to damage the $30 earbuds.
I ordered a Plantronics USB charger cable, belt clip carry pouch, and an extra pack of eartips from HeadsetZone for a great price. I am not sure if I'd recommend the belt clip if you would tend to lose the headset out of it from a brush against anything that would catch on it. The belt clip leaves about a third of the headset exposed; it's more of a pocket than a case and has nothing but slight friction to keep the headset in it. I almost always have my shirt untucked but I still have to check the headset on my belt often to make sure it isn't falling out. If this concerns you then find something that has a velcro or snapping cover. I already owned a Cigarette-to-USB-power plug, which comes in handy for many USB devices in the car, including the charger cable.
4759	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	and the recipient is very happy with it. Her 8 yr. old son wishes it weren't PINK; he's asked Grandma to get him a black one or a blue one.  Ordering from Amazon and having it shipped to a different state was the highest pleasure.
2) Random beeping noises when phone is idle.
iPhone 8 feet away from inside antenna in same room:
7160	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Use it to charge all kinds of different devices using tips to match each device.
885	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice pair of Bluetooth headsets. My son loves them. Good quality.

value and this device shows that. Do I have to turn it over to find this
1) Excellent call clarity and loudness both ways

Still a 5 star item and I am on my second one.  After 2.5 years the first one broke at the top of the earloop.  I taped it with sports tape and kept using it without any problems, but I figured it was only a matter of time before it didn't work anymore so I replaced it. Others have said that the new 510s are junk, but I've been using mine for about 5 months now and it's exactly as great as the original.  The broken one is still working, too.
Now, if you want a nice quiet conversation in a cubical, you can scoot up close to a flat object (I use my flatscreen monitor) and talk in a very low voice. The sound reflects off of the monitor, so it is easier for your caller to hear your low voice volume without cupping your hand over your mouth piece or without trying to hold the mouth piece closer to your lips.
4218	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The Jawbone bluetooth headset is not really made very well and is a lot worse than people seem to give it credit for. Parts fall off after a short time and it is very cheaply made. It looks metal but really is cheap bendy plastic material.
Samsung Galaxy S3 - The iTorch fully charged my S3 from 7% to 100% in 2.5 hours... I was very happy with these results!
- The cables plug into both sides of the hub, so even with the hardest bending of the cable you'd risk to route the wires, the width footprint of the hub goes from ~2 inches empty to OVER SIX INCHES! Redesigning this so the cables plug in on the back, or even angle the ports back at 45, would go a long way toward reducing footprint.
At 5000mAh rating, it should provide several recharges to the iPhone without needed juice itself. I now have no hesitation at going on an overnight hike, and even using the iPhone GPS unit for navigation as I know I have a couple recharges left. As time passes, I hope I will be able to report more on the durability of the unit and also how well the battery retains it's rechargeability and life.
The buttons aren't that big of a deal, just learn where they are and its not a problem, or just use your answer button on your phone. You usually look to see who is calling anyway, don't you?
8961	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	IMP 52D iTorch

9190	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The last time I bought one of these backup bateries it was the size of a quart of milk.  This product is small easy to use and works flawlessly, easily adapted to my Ipod and Blackberry and lasted forever or at least as long as I need it which was an 11 hour plane trip.  To be perfect it just needs an adaptor to recharge my Kindle.  My only fear is that I will lose one of the adaptors.
2252	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product works well. Exactly what I wanted.
1563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've tried the Motorola ones and either I couldn't hear or the person on the other end couldn't hear (usually both).  I bought this based on a recommendation of a Realtor that swore by it, and to be honest, I have only had occasional trouble with it.  It's comfortable to wear, it's easy to hear, the other person hears me.  I wear it most of the day, on project sites, while driving, even at home.  It works as expected and I'm very pleased with the results.  If you need a bluetooth, this is the one.
988	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	No changes to reception. This is just a sticker.
5238	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Took two orders to get an intact charging station but if you can get a good one, these are awesome. The bottom slot is good for holding tablets or odds and ends like keys, and the top areas fit most phones. The smaller ones on the side fit my iPhone 5 no problem.
5616	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great
Con: The ear plug works well, but is very hard and not comfortable after wearing for a short period of time.  Problem solved when I bought a package of Jabra Ear Gels at Radio Shack for $5.00.
2011	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	No longer using

The problem is that many of these features do not work particulary well relative to other cell phones and the fact that the phone is so small causes serious trade-offs. The problems stemming from small cell phone size are very serious. The most serious, if not the most serious, is the fact that the buttons are far to small to operate for most people. Unless you are midget or a woman with manicured nails the buttons are quite a challenge to operate. The second serious problem, again stemming from size, is small battery capacity. For casual cell phone use it suffices for a day but if you need to use this all day for business it definitely runs out of juice well before the end of the day. You will need to perpetually be charging it at client sites. With respect to the battery capacity problem, an additional problem is that the phone gives you no warning regarding the imminent demise of the battery. This is especially a problem as the phone, unlike most others, when it runs out of juice just shuts down and, when turned off for a few minutes, refuses to come back on (even for a few seconds).

2339	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This phone seems to be more about design and look than it is about overall usability.


It is small and unobtrusive
- Perfect material against scratches/dust/dirt/stains/etc.
 * if nothing is connected to the IMP52D or
It's great for when I have to listen to messages or make short calls..but..i like my road trips. I will still be checking out other units and i have bought 2 so I can use my phone handsfree at the computer. The other unit is a different manufacturer and suffers the same problem. GRRRR..
Because this item DOES NOT FIT in this narrow opening, I was unable to use it.  My time and money were wasted on this product.  I cannot use my third-party headphones with my iPhone.  I must use the poor-quality Apple earbuds, or buy another adapter which actually works.
But this Jabra device is a breeze to setup and use. I can change tracks using the buttons on the device and this device does everything that the manufacturers claim...
37	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THIS IS A VERY PRETTY 4S CELL PHONE CASE ANS IT IS 3D AND VERY PRETTY, THANK YOU FROM RENE
565	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought tis booster for my phone because I needed better recepion, I tryed it and it made my phone come in a little better I would buy is product again, if fact I bought one for the whole family.
1920	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fits like a glove, good design, just got it today and im impressed. i really like how it seperates the volume up and down buttons as well as the power button. also makes them easier to push. i wouldnt trust it to save the screen from a 3 foot drop but for ordinary use i think it will serve me well.. also the material has a good feel to it. and its not to slippery.
5242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great idea...the biggest drawback is finding a power strip small enough to fit in back
One big plus is that the HT820 stays connected to my Treo 700p much better than my Plantronics Discovery 640. With the 640, the headset always drops the BT connection about 1 minute after ending a call. The 640 does this with my Treo 100% of the time. I am reasonably sure it is a problem with the Treo's BT so it is technically not the fault of the 640, but the HT820 appears to handle the Treo BT problem much better.
1450	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After a long search for a bluetooth ear piece I decided to choose this one for the positive reviews. I received it in a timely matter securely packaged. It included a good sized instruction booklet, a quick instruction card, 3 ear buds, wall charger, and misc warranty info.
8)  If you plan to use Excel and Word, you can definitely do it with this device, but it will definitely get some getting used to. There's nothing I need to do in Excel or Word that I can't wait until I get back to my PC to do.
*) bluetooth - it's supposed to be convenient, but NO, you are always asked if you want to connect - there is no such thing as auto-connect!  every time I get in my car I have to get the phone out of my pocket and unlock the phone, then hit yes, or I'll be nagged every few seconds by a noise.  Oh, and if I hit NO (when someone else is in the car and I don't want calls going to the car) it'll ask me again in about 5 seconds.  ARRRGH!
792	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I installed it into a large battery box making it accessible when carrying an extra battery hooking it up to my solar.  I also installed a digital gauge in the same battery box keeping an eye on the voltage. Each item is connected to MPPT controllers which were purchased at Amazon.  Other wise, there is not much a person can say about this item.

2773	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	for my sons razr, he really was happy with them
  But don't expect miracles here. If you truly have no signal this will not manufacture one



The devices I tested the iTorch with:
I saw a deal on the iTorch and bought it for her as a replacement. She could leave the battery in her purse and use it those times she forgets to recharge her iPhone overnight. Well, it WAS for her until I fell in love with it. It looked sleek and felt solid. The iTorch charged my iPhone 4 from 0 to 100% twice before running out of battery. I liked being able to tell people it does more than just function as a back up power source. However, I know I will rarely use it as a laser or flashlight.

6087	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the iTorch IMP52D for my week-long trip to SXSW. Without this device, my smartphone would have been dead by 10am. I kept the iTorch in my pocket and hooked up my phone anytime the battery level dropped below 20% and disconnected the phone when the batter was over 90%. I fully re-charged my battery at least 3 times each day.
2021	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Compact, stylish, and very comfortable.  Currently one of the only headsets known to work well with the HTC Mogul.  I wear it all day and never run out of my charge, and sometimes even forget that I am wearing it because it is so lighweight and comfortable.  Amazon has top pricing on this product too.  I could buy two here for what I'd pay full retail elsewhere.  Sound is clear on both my end and the receiver's end.  Great product and great value.
3803	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this and wired it into my Volkswagen Jetta. In my installation, I wired it to my ignition-switched power, so that it and my gadgets would turn off when the car goes off--if I need always-on power, I use my OEM lighter plugs in the dash and in the trunk which are not switched.
The main difference between the phones lie in other areas. The N95 is a Symbian smartphone, and so can run a whole slew of native applications specifically written for this platform, while the k850i is limited to running generic Java (j2me) mobile applictions.  Also, the k850i does not have a built-in GPS (but using an external bluetooth GPS receiver together with free GPS navigation software such as AmazeGPS, you can get voice navigation on this phone as well).  The Java version of Google Maps (which is what you would use on the k850i) has a "My Location" feature that uses information from cell phone towers to pinpoint ROUGHLY where you are, within a couple of miles; similar to the iPhone.  Various other limits exist in the k850i as well (1000 phonebook entries, 5 alarms, etc..)
That you get all of this and at such a price makes the V330 an eyebrow-raising steal.


9470	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for several weeks in the Portland, OR area with my AT & T iPhone.  First let me explain the hookup:
5 out 5 stars
5338	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	we use this phone as a back up...found in our drawer of lost phones, and I bought the charger since the old one was lost or thrown out.  So glad they carry older accessories.  thanks
It's an effin computer!


This good looking case is recommended!
2814	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Much cheaper this way - prompt and reasonable shipping.  Works well and I've ordered some for gifts of other RAZR3 owners.
I would recommend this shower head to anyone who is looking for a complete overhead even spray experience.
*Phone and Bluetooth headset must be kept on the same side of the body for best sound
Mute soft button on the handset - it is surprising how many phones do not have a mute button.
  The carrying case is also a part of the charger (I really hate this and feel it is unnecessary).
6419	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I chose the GGS over a Nikon screen protector, because I read many complaints about the Nikon protectors scratching easily. The GGS LCD screen protector is crystal clear and inconspicuous on my camera. The smaller protector that covers the LCD in top of the camera looks exactly like the LCD frame and is completely unnoticeable. The protector for the large LCD on the back of the camera also looks just like the frame, but it covers the "Nikon" logo below the LCD and replaces it with a smaller GGS logo. I can't say how these fare with long-term use yet, but the protectors seem hard and durable so far. They look nice. And they are securely affixed.

It stood up straight fairly well, however, but the stand it comes with doesn't attach via latch or anything semi-permanent, so it can too easily be knocked off or lost.
8210	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It looks nice and lets me carry bills and credit cards with IDs. At most, I can hold up to 5 or 6 cards.
4995	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought my daughter Minnie Mouse head phones for her iPad mini.  The headphones would not connect because of the case.  I need and extension and this worked perfectly for it.
Fit is a compromise between durability and comfort.  It works, the neck strap is very handy.  It appears durable enough to stuff in my pocket when not in use and the ear clip is free swiveling so I'm not worried about breaking it and having a stash of spares.
9333	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Usually love Griffin stuff but this is a very poorly designed product. Had two and both malfunctioned - iPhone either didn't respond to the device or started doing random things.
I took a star away because it is rocking a bit on the hinges and that made me uneasy. Still not as unsturdy as the SHINE. Also it has a tendency to want to get really, really dirty already.
1893	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this headset to use with my cell phone.  As it turns out I use it with my computer and love them.  They  are easy to use, long battery lfe and sound great.  They may be a bit uncomfortable or odd because of the back of the head design but all headphones have some kind of pressure due to the design.  The only time I notice their presure is when I wear them for a few hours.  Short term no problems.  By the way, I wear glasses so that may be the culprit.

Love it. No more having to buy separate car chargers!



Pros
1641	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love it! The volume in the earpiece is so loud I had to turn it down halfway (that is a good thing!) The incoming sound is clear and everyone that talked to me said I was crystal clear. I am extremely pleased.
3149	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	DOESNT FIT MY 4.3 INCH SCREEN. EHH CRAPPY QUSLITY AND WHAT NIT BUT WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?? CMON PEOPLE., ALASKA
* Doesn't work well when one is in a noisy but not noisy-enough environment
Highly reconnended
3353	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Currently using them with my Wii-U, and have absolutely no issues running the highest supported resolution. Would definitely buy again.
  a.  None, very pleased
8931	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	New Trent PowerPak - ITorch (IMP52D) Review:
4122	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Samsung WEP410 bluetooth headset performs remarkably well, is reasonably easy to use and is comfortable to wear for short periods of time.  With the rebate making this headset well under $[...], it's a fantastic value.  It is not however, without some problems.
Without reading more than a quick line about setting the headset up for device pairing - the headset connected effortlessly w/ my Samsung A920.  I've never had a connectivity issue with these two devices.
Then it should work for you too at first it wasn't working some fine tuning and I went from one bar and dropping calls to 4g four bars but only in the same room with the antenna it doesn't seem to be that strong for pushing out a signal
2933	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The phone worked for its purpose. It was a prop. Unfortunately, some of the parts of the phone were falling off of the phone immediately after taking out of delivery box. Not put together well. Obviously a cheap product that has been mass produced. Not worth the $100.00 I bought it for. Not sure about the return policy.. so they may be good about that but since it wasn't my money... I didn't get too disappointed about it.
This is a huge design flaw, or maybe it's intentional so you wipe out all your minutes.  Whatever the case, I can't figure out how to deal with it except if you have call waiting, you shouldn't answer it, or you should answer both, hang up on both, then call who you want to talk to.  This is RIDICULOUS!!  BEWARE.
Cons:
8878	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It lasted only 11 months of very light usage.
The unit is easily installed inside with a window  stick mount which I used.  A better mount would  be to place the antenna outside on the roof, but unit does adequately with the inside window cup mount.

6651	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	but it comes with a low profile antenna.  Now I have 2 bars instead of constantly disconnected due to weak signal.
Cons: occasional loss of bluetooth communication between phone and headset.
I bought this for my wife. She loved having blue tooth and used it heavily for most of a day. Then it croaked.
Over the past few years we've also owned four different cars with factory systems built into the car. The most expensive car we own has a built-in system, yet -- despite the brand's reputation for Superb German Engineering -- the hands-free BT system is nearly unusable after the car hits 30 mph.  Too much noise, and you end up switching to the handset itself to make yourself heard.  My wife HATES it if I even call her using the BT/hands-free system in this car.
To start off the Plantronics 655 didn't always perform well. Sometimes the caller on the other end couldn't hear me due to static. The phone was in my shirt pocket!


The installation of the weBoost Drive Cell Phone Booster Kit is very easy:  place the magnet-mount antenna on the car roof, run the cable in through the door and attach it to the unit, then attach the power cord and plug it into the car's lighter outlet. My HTC One M8 phone, at 3-1/6 inches wide including Otterbox case, just barely fit into the unit's cradle, which must be used.
3284	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Over all I like this case! The inside is all plastic which may not offer as much shock protection if the phone is dropped, the case still offers adequate protection for your phone. This is a very nice looking case, mine came with a tiny little scratch on it right out of the package. This was not a big deal since it is a case and their are probably more to come.


Great signal (I was in rural Kentucky and still got a signal)
3: Portability and Ease of Use

I'm not sure why this phone isn't much more popular. I feel so much more at ease now that she has it, with a firm understand that it is for emergencies only!  *So much so that when I was calling her, she told her sitter she wasn't going to answer since it's only for emergencies. lol
I have used it several times now and it will fully charge my android phone, twice!
Overall I'd say it's a good phone and would most likely buy another one.
5 stars because the product does what it is marketed to do.  The antenna is visually innocuous and the set up is easy for me, a moderate technically inclined person.
If the IMP52D is being charged, blue lights 2, 3 & 4 indicate 'charging status' - at first, blue light 2 would come on, blue light 3 would come on and blue light 4 would come on, the all 3 went out and the cycle was repeated - after a while blue light 2 remained illuminated while blue lights 3 and 4 would come on sequentially and then simultaneously go out - eventually blue lights 2 & 3 are staying illuminated and light 4 is blinking on and off - after a while (about 8 hours) all 3 lights remain illuminated presumably indicating the the IMP52D is fully charged -
9191	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	So I only used my battery about 8 times over the past 9 months.  But no matter what the battery lived just past the 6 month warranty.  Beware when buying Lithium Ion batteries as they are known to have significant battery life problems.  They are good for being light and efficient, but the design of their cells are known to lose charge the moment it leaves the factory.
250	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my second purchase of this item...I ran down the first battery by overcharging...oops! I love that my battery goes all day, sometimes TWO without having to charge! I wish there were choices for a colorful or skins for the outer protected cover. It is bulky and boring-looking.

As for fit, the case snaps over the GS4 like a glove - quite perfectly, actually. There is no binding, nor is it at all loose anywhere. I would point out, however, that not all the holes are perfectly aligned. I'm only being picky here. The camera cutout and speaker cutout are the tiniest bit off, not enough to make a difference, other than I notice it. The headphone and micro USB ports are wide open, so there are no problems plugging cords in.

After talking to a representative over email, he sent me this:

The headset fits my ear comfortably.  You probably have already read that this set doesn't insert into your ear canal, but rather rests against it.  I found this to be comfortable, and without any side-effects.  It's even comfortable when wearing sunglasses.

As for ear comfort, I found it to be very comfortable, although I haven't worn it all day long.  I talked to a friend for an hour yesterday, and I had absolutely no discomfort at all.  The device comes with three earpieces (small, medium and large).  I use the medium with great results.
A. Allow me to search for the headset from the phone. Haven't tried this feature yet as I leave it at the same place at work or home... it's more likely that I forget where I left the phone!
- Simple
7. Stable in the ear. It doesn't feel as if it will fall out.
-Charges my iPhone and Galaxy Player faster than the computer and car charger.
8326	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK this is my fourth smartphone -- first I had the audiovox (HTC Typhoon), then the i730, and finally a Q -- so I consider myself somewhat experienced with smartphones.

(3rd attempt)
Got it for the wife and even with her small ear canals, she finds it to be comfortable.
7488	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	While I thought my fingers would be too big to use with the iPhone text keys, and I do occasionally bring up the wrong letter, it works well +90% of the time.  I thought I could improve with the stylus.  The lightest touch with my finger works and works instantly.  The stylus was cumbersome, you have to push hard and long.  It made the process much more cumbersome and tiresome compared to using fingers and therefor was not worth the small increase in accuracy of typing.  The screen protector had a tab of paper glued to it to purportedly help you with placement.  However, when you pulled the tab of paper off, it left a big glob of glue that would not come off.  Bottom line, both the protective shield and the stylus are in the trash.
4754	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	if anyone has a clue how to attach the 2 pair of black rubber earphone cushions, i'd love to hear it. i can't tell by looking at and trying them how they fit on!
Music Sound Quality: Sounds as good as your headphones, phone/player and/or mp3 size will dictate--(if you saved your mp3s in 64kb, it'll sound like it; or if you're using a phone or a cheaper mp3 player, it may not be capable of audiophile sound no matter what bluetooth or headphones you're using or how much memory you're using for each song-- anything is only as good as the weakest link in the chain.)
Good camera (compared to pthers in the market)
4450	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am satisfied with this purchase at this price. I searched in few local stores and they told me i won't get it. They told me to buy new phone. I gave a try online and I found this. I m still using my old phone with this new battery. I recommend u to buy this.
8563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, iGo is the best.  I have a bag full in my Tundra for different applications and use it with a Y-cord so I can charge two items at once.  This works great for my Droid X.
Now to the negatives...
THE JAWBONE HAD NO SUCH ISSUE. In fact, it performed well up to 45 feet (line of sight)! One caller thought I was on a landline!
4230	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality case, Fits good and protects my phone,Would recomend it. for the price a great item,  will buy more
1	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When you don't want to spend a whole lot of cash but want a great deal...this is the shop to buy from!
It works and pairs GREAT with my Treo 700P.  Better than any others I have tried (about 6).
Pros
5182	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this speakerphone in my car now for over a month now on the ORIGINAL charge and its still going strong. I make and receive about 10-15 calls on it daily. The battery life on this thing is amazing! The sound quality is not bad either although the volume could be a little bit louder at its highest setting. I love the slim design and often forget its even clipped on my visor due to it being so thin. I purchased the Jabra SP5050 to replace the BlueAnt Supertooth II which broke after only a month.  Overall I'm very satisfied with this Jabra and would buy it again in a heartbeat. Highly recommended!
3446	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is hard on electronics, so when she sat on her ipod, in her back pocket she thought all was lost.

261	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	OK
6832	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	as described
3690	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I use mine as a vehicle iPod-like dock for my cellphone.  The cord is a bit short for my use (I think its less than the 40" specified), it limits the volume a bit, but you can not find this anywhere else.  The sound quality is excellent, and the tiny plug has taken quite a bit of abuse without visable damage.

UPDATE:  The IMP500 does not work with the iPad 2 so I am dropping to 4 stars.  I know that device isn't listed in their description but they have other products at same capacity and same output so not sure why the IMP500 wouldn't work.  Still a great product for the devices listed.

CONFIGURATION: If this is your first smart phone, you should know that, because it's not released under the umbrella of a carrier, it will take a lot of configuration. You won't be able to just pick it up and do all of the things I've listed here w/o downloads, upgrades, input. These are not simply calling phones. They aren't for teens who just want games and music. Know this.
7376	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	All I can say is Awwww Yeah!
nik
Nice extras in the white LED and the red laser LED
Although this is my first Motorola phone, I find the menus and functions easy to navigate.
This device basically will provide excellent cell signal to an area about the size of your office desk.  The inside antenna is really designed to sit on the corner of your desk.  It works really well for that.  It WILL NOT improve coverage inside your entire home, floor, etc.  Get their other, more expensive model for that purpose.  I wound up returning it and getting the zBoost SOHO which is working fine.
5571	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great
3250	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The product came on time, and the cost was very affordable.
2097	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	after wearing for a few mintues, i got blister and swelling ears. it has no insulator. it hurt the back of the ears so bad and that when i notice i have blister. i don"t know why motorolla  called themselve engineer. you don"t need a rocket scientist to have some kind of pads or insulator to protect your skin
3828	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My 15 year old sister is crazy about Dr Who so I thought this little charm would be a great thing for her Christmas stocking when we all got together. She loved it and strung it to her cell phone right away. It randomly lit up throughout the day so everyone was pleased and found it kind of funny that her butt pocket would occasionally light up and flash. It's pretty bright so you'll have to be okay with this thing attracting attention where ever you put it.

9028	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The itouch is perfect for me since I travel and do presentations. Its got a led pointer which is great for presentations and the battery also charges my iphone. What's great is that it is a 3-in-1 (charger, flashlight and led pointer). The extra benefit is that it is compact and small eough to fit in my suit pocket. Great product..
8413	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the perfect handsfree mount for my iPhone. the holder is adjustable so will fit phones of different sizes. very convenient.
Elegant design, simple operation. Fits comfortably in your pocket or purse. Built in LED flashlight and Laser Pointer are a plus. Great peace of mind product!
And second - I have to remember to hand signal anyone I encounter while on the phone - that I AM ON THE PHONE so WATCH WHAT YOU SAY - and - WHAT I JUST SAID WAS NOT DIRECTED TO YOU . . .
7170	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	really great for the price too bad phone got wet shortly there after.
9665	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love Energizer batteries. I was able to bring new life into a couple of my older watches.

7375	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Super cute, although I have to say its almost impossible to actually get the word imprint on the person I use it on. The red backing paper came torn, so I glued it down.
8545	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product fits the Igo exactly as it should and works as expected.  I have used Igo since before cell phones (except those from Apple) standardized on the micro-usb.
Do not waste your money on either of these two systems if all you need is coverage at your computer desk. You might as well buy their lower priced units that you suction cup to your window. These will give you that same result and you don't have to climb into your attic or bore holes in your home to hang an external antenna. More importantly, they cost about $100 less.
8188	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this did not have enough tension on the hook when I first tried it.  bending it down fixed it- it is a very cheap and flexible plastic but works when you bend the hook down, needs occasional assistance but at that price I'd buy a few, expecting to get a few months out of each one.  works better than the unit that clips the middle of the top- most i580's break there
UPDATE:
5805	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received a refurbished 8310 from ATT and the trackball barely moved. Instead of sending it back and waiting for a new one, I wanted to find a replacement trackball. Most sites had them for $20 - $60. Then I found this one on Amazon. I figured it was only $10 in case I got burned. But WirelessFinest came through! The trackball looks and feels brand new and it was delivered in 2 days! Highly recommended.
Recently my Samsung S5 has been draining badly as the OEM battery started to come to the end of its life. I started looking around for a replacement and decided to get an extended battery. I have been using a wireless charging pad and I wanted to continue to charge with this method as I have several pads and even a wireless charger for my truck. The charging receiver I have been using was not going to work with the extended battery so I opted for one that plugs into the bottom charge port of the phone. Im not crazy about removing the door from the bottom of the phone but I cant seem to find a way to get everything I want no matter how many products I buy.
6344	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like because so good quality and safe to hold my smarty phone,I can recommend anyone this phone case
May be a bit heavy for weight conscious backpackers.

Update 11/30/2010 3 * to 1*.
Update 1/24/08
7104	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality
7129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I *love* my LG phones.  My LG ENV 9900 is a tank and a half. We used to open bottles together back in college. I remember when I got it that I would say "it isn't trying to be thin.  This has a 5 day battery life and feels solid".  But, as the 18 months went on, my phone gradually diminished into a 1-day battery life.  I also found it randomly turned off in my pocket.  For awhile I thought it may have been the battery simply dying quickly, but I realized that it would really crash about 1 in 5 times i sent a text message.  And then sometimes when I was in the middle of a cell phone call.  I took a chance, and got this new battery.

2. Uses a standard mini-USB port for charging compared to H710.  This is huge because this will obviate the need for yet another charger if you are using Blackberry or most HTC phones(check the voltage output on your charger to make sure).  I am using a blackberry charger (since the cheap charger that came with the headset broke on the first use) and it works great.  I think it is stupid and annoying for Motorola to change the charging port from mini-USB to a proprietary one for H710. Why can't everyone stick to a standard and make our lives easier!?
3486	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love it!

Big bright screen is attractive, but a massive power hog. Forget the quoted 4 hour talk time and 10 day standby; you will be very lucky to get 90 mins of talking or 2 days of standby, and that is with Bluetooth turned off. With Bluetooth on, you'll be charging this every other day.
2969	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great with my pc's bluetooth, and also works great with my cell phone too.
-Alan Reiley
8174	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased on 03rd Sept 2014. written review on 05th Apr 2015
8134	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, keeps my devices neatly organized!
To add airtime from Tracfone is extremely painful:
- Easily obtained from amazon.com or walmart retail store for only $99 with new or upgrade service plan.
* The keyboard is perfect. I was really scared about going to something new but the spacing and texture are dead-on. Typing is a breeze.
-*There isn't a flashing light to tell you of a missed alert, until you click on a button and see the black/keylock screen. Else the phone just looks like its sleeping, so you have to consistently click on the buttons to see if you've missed any alerts.
- If you have vision issues, opt for a model with a larger screen.
The earpiece is very comfortable to use and at many times I find myself placing my hand over my ear to ensure that my device is still attached to my ear. The sound quality of the H710 is outstanding! I have never noticed any "echo effects" when using this ear piece and I can hear my callers with crystal clarity. The boom-microphone allows you to swing it open when in use and to swing back to the closed position when not in use.




9572	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had a professional install it since I didn't have the time myself to climb up the ladder, screw in the mount, staple down the cable, drill a hole, and mount a plate on the inside. It took the professional (an electrician) ~1 hour to install.
So, there you have it -- relatively inexpensive, extremely simple to use, cleverly designed, works beautifully, and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Does not get too warm when charging like many other devices similar to this.
A 2 Second Hold Click shuts both the LED light and the battery pack off - I don't think it's possible to turn the LED light off and not turn off the battery pack at the same time -
  My thought is that as the battery wears down, as batteries inevitably do by their very nature, there becomes a point where the battery just isn't performing top notch to what the specifications of the system require.  Depending on the quality of the components and the tolerance of the operating system, including error detection and error correcting, eventually there will become a point in time where some electronic component can't respond or charge up quick enough because of a drooping voltage, and the operating system crashes.  The phone rarely crashes when it is just sitting still in idle.  Usually it crashes when trying to flip on the backlight of an LED, for example.
7967	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I finally dumped the low battery time, irrational malfunctioning Razr phone in November and upgraded to the Blackberry Curve 8310 in red. It's like upgrading from a Yugo to a Mercedes SLK. I have had none of the negative issues some of the other reviews mention - access through the 3G system for the internet, phone calls, email etc is speedy and consistantly works when asked to. I had AT&T service before with the Razr phone in the same location and had problems with reception all day long. That problem vanished with the Curve. I am finding that my email appears on my phone within just a minute or two after it appears on my computer.
9348	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	have this dual mode headset
If you can get the features this phone has, but do they right - go for it.  Otherwise, this is a crappy phone that can hardly make a call, can't take a decent picture, perform simple PDA tasks at a snails pace.
Couldn't have survived w/out this usb phone cord!

3028	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This phone is hitting the world like a storm, bringing both a really nice camera along with the 3G data speeds and improved call quality that modern service demands.  What follows is a breakdown of the pros and cons:


All the more reason to love the Jabra, and I've just ordered a second unit for my wife...


4)  Sound is very clear and volume is really good.
Cons:

2171	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The MDA, designed and made by Taiwan's HTC, a leader in the Windows Mobile "smart phone" market (they seem to make all the WM phones sold in the U.S.), is really a cool concept.  It has a nice shape, a slide-out thumbboard that automatically turns the screen to landscape, and all the goodies that make up Windows Mobile: Pocket Office, Pocket IE, MSN Messenger, Windows Media Player 10, and tons of free software to download from the web.  Plus, it has wi-fi which works really well.

8839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had similar products to this, but this is both the most compact and most reliable I've used.  It's a great size for putting in my computer bag, and so handy when traveling not having to worry about a dead iPhone battery.
Next feature:  Noise Reduction.  Aliph makes a big deal about their noise reduction technology, and having now used it with amazing results, I understand why.  They DESERVE to tout their success in this arena.  Yeah, it is that good.  Watching the videos they have on their website demonstrating the quality made me curious, but I admit to having my doubts that it could really eliminate background noise to the extent that they promised.
This is clearly a "value priced" headset (even more so than normal since I got it on an Amazon "Gold Box" sale). You will likely be pleased with it if you remember that this isn't a high-end unit and you didn't spend a lot of money on it.
However they missed an essential trick on the USB power supply. If a device wants a smart USB powered device like an iPhone or iPod to see it as a high power source, and not as a data connection, it needs to short the data interface pins with a resistor not more than 200k ohms. That is in the USB spec. You can tell this hasn't been done because when you plug in an Android phone it asks if you want to mount as a media device or a hard drive.
In addition, your car may have doors that you don't open frequently and that would be a good way to install. Otherwise, the required wire antenna mounted to the outside of the car is a deal breaker for me.
6424	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a perfect fit on my Nikon D7000 and a great replacement for mine which was all scratched up.
I couldn't be happier!!!
The Bad: (all minor) The wind smart does not work that great.  I have yet to find a bluetooth headset that can handle direct wind noise and this is no exception. It does better than most but remote parties still complain. Every headset I have tested fails here. This is difficult to distinguish between mute on the headset and power off. I tuned it off a few times on accident when trying to mute.  Oops. The mute also does not alert you frequently enough that it is on, but you can still mute from the phone separately without issues.  Pairing is simple, but not just a one button option.

but not super happy..
3. The speaker jack would only work with the skinny earphone jack. I use my phone for music to teach fitness class. The cable from the studios's stereo couldn't fit in the very deep and skinny hole on the case.

79	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great ! So far.
4820	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very well made and feels great in your hand.  Protects the phone just as it should.  I got a great deal and just wish I bought two of them.
but it's not like old best-seller razor models.
6699	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was hesitant to buy this booster because a neighbor who has a cell card on a different network has a zboost booster and it does nothing for my cell card when at his place but I got this Wilson based on reviews and don't regret it. My neighbor brought his cell card over and it boosted his card way more than the zboost and we both have our antennas mounted on the roof.
* Mount near the center of the vehicle's roof.
3363	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this so I could play the sistum on my hd tv.  It woreks grait just like the other one I got for my old tv.
  Is that extortion?
9620	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK good
VIDEO CALLING: This feature doesn't work in The States, but it allows you to take self photos/videos and see yourself as you shoot. In a few years when video calling reaches us, your N82 will be ready.

8688	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product at a great price.  Item just as described!  Works great i would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a leather case for their Curve.

1167	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I replaced a perfectly fine USB hub with this one because I heard it would maintain power to my devices even when my PC was off.  That is what I want because I use my laptop as a desktop, and I would like to still be able to charge my iPhone without plugging in the laptop.  It's a perfectly fine USB hub in other regards, if a bit bright.
1931	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had another bluetooth headset for more than two years. I've never been happy with its performance-it was small and light, but at freeway speeds I just could not hear the other party.
7028	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It was fine and I probably would have kept it but I sent the Bianchi duty belt back and this is mated to it so I returned it.
There are just a few negative aspects that you should be aware of:
1.  quick attach and disconnect for switching shoes.  Very easy; much better than fussing with wrapping little velcro arms around laces.  Pull, turn, slide-out.
If I talk too softly, others can't hear me, but I can talk much softer with the headset than when I hold the phone to my head, so it's better than my phone's microphone. It is not the most sensitive microphone compared with the wired professional desk phone headsets at work, but it is one of the best rated for noice cancellation so being able to use it in a noisier environment is priceless. If I have to say something quietly that I don't want nearby people to hear, then I can just cup my hand to one side of my mouth and it directs my voice straight back towards the headset. With this headset, you won't be the jerk standing around yelling on a phone call (but if you are, I hope you get punched!)
So this product is one of the best accessories I have ever encountered and wow, 500 recharge cycles! I don't have much else to explain, except for it being an AWESOME product. Go New Trent!
3493	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Always love Otterbox cases.  And since my phone is old, love that they're marked down.  Only complaint is the soft rubber on the lighter colors gets dirty easily, wish something could be done about that!
5542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have had this T61 laptop a while.  The original battery lasted for over four years and this one only lasted 14 months.  This listing said 9-cell, but only a 6-cell showed up.  I guess you get what you pay for.  I'm looking for another battery and I'm not buying it from this seller.

460	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Broke after 1 week. Very cheap material!
8883	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Everything about this charger is awesome. The flashlight is great, the laser pointer is very powerful, and it holds a good charge.
(see my review).
3071	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this because it was recommended with the scanner I was ordering - scanner doess not fit and there is no provision for cord storage
9117	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a very convenient device, its small and easily fits into your pocket.  Charges everything I throw at it. Not literally.  the laser pointer is a very cool feature especially if you have cats.  the flashlight also is a nice feature although i wish it were brighter.  Extremely easy to use, and does a great job charging my ipads and iphone.  I love the fact it small enough to go into my pocket and not be too big and bulky.  i bought one loved it so much and bought two more to keep the kids ipads charging.  i would highly recommend this product.  great bang for your buck when stacked up to competitors products.

Very comfortable to wear, the buttons are easy and intuitive to press, and it seems sturdy (in part because it is so light, I dropped it but was not worried at all).  Yes, it is a little confusing to know when to "click" a button and when to "hold" a button for 3 seconds and which combinations you need to press, but for the basic functions it's pretty straightforward and only for fancier things do you need to memorize (or look up in the handy guide) the buttons to press.

9902	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was little skeptical about purchasing this product because of the low price but I've been very satisfied with the product.

Bluetooth headsets are a godsend! I can dial, talk, and hang up merely by touching my right ear.
9612	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We have never had too much trouble with our cell phone reception living just outside a busy metropolitan area, but as our cell phones are our ONLY phones, I expect them to function exceptionally well in our home. We have had the same carrier for nearly 10 years and despite all the different phones we have had over the years, we have always had very poor or no reception at all downstairs. I could be talking to my dad with a laundry basket on my hip as I walk down the stairs and about 75% of the time I'll hear that familiar dropped call beep. If the call isn't dropped altogether, my dad is soon complaining that he can barely hear me. We also have issues in the center of the house when we are away from windows. There's nothing like having a phone interview and trying to race around to different windows so the other party can hear me clearly!
Add to the sound quality the comfort and superb ergonomics at work here -- and I have a new favorite pair of ear buds!
2279	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you work in a noisy environment or need something really lightweight or wear glasses, then this is the perfect headset.  It is light, almost featherweight, sounds great for both incoming and outgoing, and comes with an array of charging options.  The only drawback to it is the button and how hard it is to press.  Other than that, I would have to say that this is a perfect headset and Plantronics has made a believer out of me.  The DSP works in reducing background noise.  It does not however, remove it completely, which may or may not be a good thing.  But the fact that the other party can still hear you clearly when you have your windows rolled down says a lot.
2864	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Brings some life to my ATH'M50X's. Can't wait to try it out in my HD650's
799	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This device is pure JUNK.  Marine grade?  What grade?  The lid over the socket seals for approx 1 second then falls off.  If you never plan on getting it wet or don't care if the lid flops in the wind then this is for you.
I still couldn't bring myself to get her a cell phone, but what do I do?  I remembered seeing a little girl years ago with something that looked like a phone, but not quite - she said it was a "fly."  Well, that's the part I remembered.  Thank goodness for Google; enter the Firefly!!!  I was elated for "Santa" to get this for my princess, and so was she until we realized no one knew what it was or how to get it activated. Emailed the company, it responded with "take it to T-mobile or Verizon."  Both companies looked at me like I had five heads citing there was nothing special, it's a phone and the lowest plans were $35/mth. Even my Sprint offered some crazy high plan.  Negative!  I just wanted something for emergencies*.


6917	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is just a great deal.  These are the same exact battery strips you see hanging on the rack at your local battery store.  For less than what they charge for 1, you get a strip of 5.  Unfortunately, you can't just buy 1 for 1/5 the price, so if you don't need all 5, you'll end up wasting batteries over time.
9966	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Worked less than a week then would not even hold a charge......save your money buy a new phone. A cheap product.
ways everyday and, will continue in the future.
CONS: One color - black. I'd like to see the gold and red models for my daughters like the H700. Unlike others, I don't mind the adapter because the new jack is included in most universal car chargers. I spent $6 for a replacement. Not waterproof (or I'm not chancing this one).
All in all, I haven't seen a phone out there without a touch screen which is better.  The ATT tilt is way bigger and heavier, and has no mechanical buttons for dialing.
Why can't we purchase phones with these big batteries.
7825	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got this to use with my credit card wsiper as it doesn't fit in my large case and i needed an extension. am sure that it will work just fine.
5453	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very handy for the micro drive sticks.
I wish I could offer zero stars.
6)  Perfectly comfortable, even if wearing glasses.
9518	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bottom line: Went from a useless one bar to 4 or 5 bars. Calls would drop. G3 internet access took 2 minutes to load a page. We chose Wilson on its reputation. Now we have fast reliable access. My wife's office is 14 feet below ground, under three feet of steel beams, under a reinforced concrete parking lot. I ran 50 feet of PVC conduit and Wilson's cable above the ceiling (with owners permission) over and under the steel beams to the nearest outside wall. Outside had 5 bars. Tested unit with all 50 feet of the Wilson cable and had 4 or 5 bars on both Verizon and AT&T. I needed an additional 25 feet of 1 GHz Radio Shack low loss (7 dB per 100 ft) cable to bring the unit to its permanent position. Required only minor adjustment of the gain controls from the test positions. We have three bars out in the hallway, and three bars in the bathroom down the hallway, or almost 1000 sq ft of usable signal area. It took 2 hours to run the 50 ft of conduit through what looked like a Hollywood horror movie set, and 5 minutes to assemble everything else and adjust the gain controls. Good job, Wilson! Verizon customer service put me on hold for 20 minutes when I tried to ask permission to turn it on, as the Wilson manual required. Then Verizon wanted to get me an internet booster. No clue about Wilson cel phone signal boosters. Bad job, Verizon. The MyVerizon forum had a posting that approved consumer devices now have blanket permission. When I checked, the cel phone service at the outside antenna was great on both Verizon and AT&T. Oh, yeah. I'm an engineer, but I also have social skills, and a very happy wife.  :-)
Its only for a single phone or jetpack but it works great!

872	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great for the price. Good battery life.

Some battery case manufacturers are beginning to include an adapter like this free of charge because they have realized the design dilemna associated with Apple's decision to move the headset jack to the bottom of the phone.
The AT&T plan I have includes SMS text messages. People can message me by emailing 10-digit-phone-number@txt.att.net, which is convenient, but I cannot reply to them without a data plan, except using SMS to their phone.


7646	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	just for what i need it, meets my expectations, completely recomended, it was very nice to buy and i received it so soon

6176	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I would give this product a 4.5 / 5 stars.
2283	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered the Blue Ant X5i from Shopcell - an Amazon market place vendor. While the product was delivered promptly enough, alas - it wouldn't even switch on.
Pro tip: A Namebrand clear packaging tape is currently protecting my screen till my new protectors arrive. This works better and is far cheaper than this.
5494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works just fine. It's kinda awkward to get the iPhone in and out, especially because you have to unplug the headphones, and you can't really touch the screen, so you have to get the iPhone out, which as I said before is awkward. But if you just want it stuck on your arm, it works!
264	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Product was not so well made .
1056	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After reading about EMF pollution I decided on this meter. It's not a "toy" and not cheap. So far I discovered low but dangerous levels of leaking radiation from our 20-year-old microwave oven. Will probably replace the oven but for now I don't stand in front of it while it's on. At least awareness is very smart to have.

It seems that phone manufacturers are finally standardizing their charging ports.

7973	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	When I bought Mobile XT for my HP iPAQ 910 (running WM 6.1), I already had been shopping for a GPS for my car for some time.  The list of features for this smartphone-based navigation system seemed to cover what I needed, and the price was certainly attractive.  So, I ordered one without any delusions that it would be as good as a dedicated unit like a Nuvi.  But, I have been pleasantly surprised. Just for the heck of it, I stuck the micro-SD card in my phone while I was sitting in the parking lot of the Post Office after picking up the package from Garmin, and within 3 minutes, the software was installed, the unit was tracking on 6 satellites, and my phone was telling me how to get to the service station with the cheapest gasoline in town.  I wish the screen was easier to read (a problem display size on my phone, not with the software), that I could copy the software to my 8GB micro-SD, that the voice directions included street names, but I have a very functional navigation system at a very reasonable price.  And I have one less piece of hardware to carry around.
No delay like in some of the older BT devices.  No echo either.  Was able to use my own headphones without a problem.

5455	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	ang and a half to 2 inches length Mall of millenia record not worth it


1819	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was delighted to find out I could have this phone with t-mobile. TM is by far the best deal where I live but so far it's had less than desirable phones. I am very pleased with this phone. The phone isn't exactly small like many reviews claimed but it does fit nicely in a hip pocket. It's very long and wide, but fairly thin. This is my first Bluetooth phone and that feature works very well with a Jabra 250 headset.
1985	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good value, more assembling than expected though.



Drawbacks are no bluetooth, no resident memory for email, pictures etc, no removable memory stick and no easy way to create and use your own ringtones.
* Mac OS X users: Although the phone does not come with bundled software for Mac OS X, you can download "Nokia Multimedia Transfer" (to synchronize photos and music with iPhoto and iTunes) and an iSync plugin (to synchronize the address book, calendar, todo etc) with your Mac - both from Nokia's web site.  Also, setting up your Mac to access the Internet via the phone (providing that you have a data plan, e.g. the $15/month "MEdia Net Unlimited" from AT&T) is super-easy: When you first pair with the phone, the needed WAP/APN information is pulled automatically from your Phone's SIM card.  (Ironically, this works for nearly every phone, except Apple's own iPhone; this one has a very crippled bluetooth stack, and does also not support tethering).  UPDATE: I've learned that such tethering violates AT&T's Terms of Service.  Moreover, there are no  plans available for this phone (or most others) from AT&T that specifically allow tethering.  If you do so anyway, stay under the radar, and don't abuse it - e.g. by using your cellular data plan as your main internet service.
- No noise cancellation circuitry
1758	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this headset as an upgrade from my BT250V for about two years and use it every day.
7003	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product!!! Recommended 100%!!!
- I always worry I will lose the tip when using the same cable to charge the IMP500.
713	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	i had heard so many good things about this headset and even tried on my co-workers before i bought it, but what i didn't test out was the reception/range. i have been using a logitech mobile freedom headset for almost a year now and love it, EXCEPT for the fit. it fits horribly.

5730	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This rubberized snap on case phone protector is very affordable and easy to put on.
9086	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I only had the device for several days now but so far I am extremely happy with the IMP52D.  I received the IMP52D the day before I left for vacation so I had a chance to use it extensively for several days now.  I purchased the unit for it's generous 5200mAh capacity, competative price, attractive looks, and most of all from the experience I had with other NewTrent products I own.  I am a little bit of a mobile electronics junkie.  Never traveling withour my iPhone, iPad, laptop, and camera.  I also use electronic cigarettes which charge via usb chargers.  A backup battery or several backup batteries is a must.  I have tried several of them.  Because I wanted the flexability of charging several devices from different manafacturers I did not consider iphone or ipad cases that snap on and extend the battery of that specific device.
1060	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this to to sense electromagnetic fields, but then checked out my microwave.  Needless to say, I leave the lunch room now when I heat my food.  You have to stand back 7 feet to escape your microwaves field.  Cool gadget, but don't leave it on, will drain the battery in a day.  You have to remove 4 screws to replace battery,  Needs LED indicator and quick battery access panel.
6267	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this external battery to mainly use with my htc evo instead of buying a bulky extended phone battery but soon discovered that it also works great on my ipod. It allowed me to charge not only my ipod while watching videos on a 14 hr flight but also charged my friends iphones while still leaving enough charge for my phone after landing.  It can charge my phone up to 4-5 times before it needs  to be recharged The charging chord that comes with the battery is a good length and allows me to have the Imp500 in my pocket charging my phone while I'm taking on it. Its great to have around since you can pull it out whenever any of your devices starts to die.
3359	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This worked as promised and for much cheaper than you can get at the store. I would recommend this cable.
7643	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After reading the critical reviews, I decide I could live within the limitation of the Aliph jawbone. My main utility is for receiving or making calls while driving with windows up and the airconditioning fully on, not for making calls in the face of wind noise.  I was told my voice quality is a little muffled but is more intelligible in the car with much less road noise.  I made a call from the computer room floor next to the roaring blower fans of the mainframe and none of this racket was heard on the other side.
404	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it.
1038	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Seems to work well and saved us from living in a seemingly very desirable ground floor apartment which had a couple of power lines running directly under the floors of the bedrooms! The meter maxed out when positioned at certain places on the floor in these rooms... There is enough scientific evidence that long-term exposure to EMFS may be dangerous. No conspiracy theory needed. The principle of precaution fully applies. My local electricity provider states in one of its publications that "Without exception, these major reviews have reported that the body of data, as large as it is, does not demonstrate that exposure to power-frequency magnetic fields causes cancer or other health risks, although the possibility cannot be dismissed. Most reviews recommend further research, and, appropriately, research is ongoing worldwide." Yeah, I think I'll pass!
5605	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	When I bought this phone back in Sep. 08, I expected great results from the phone.  After all, I figured, 'It's an LG'.  Little did I know, months later, that I would run into all sorts of problems like not being able to dial overseas and constantly running out of minutes (which always felt more than $0.20 a minute).  These turned out to be my pet peeves because I bought the phone for those main uses but when they didn't work out as planned, I kept thinking that I should have kept my regular Sprint phone plan, rather than to buy this nearly useless phone.  I found that since Sep., when I first bought the phone, I've "topped up" or filled up my prepaid phone minutes ($20 for 200 minutes, $30 for 400 minutes, $50 for 1,000 minutes) more than I wanted to or even expected to- 5 or 6 times, rather than just 3 or 4 times.
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.

5296	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my wife's Q, and it is perfect!! It's a hard screen protector, and fits nicely over the Q screen.  No air bubbles at all, and I highly recommend this for any Q owner.
1066	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Those pesky ghosts were always sneaking up on me and saying "boo!" but now I can have a warning that is early enough and spin around before they can get to me, and perform a quick exorcism, sending them back to Hades.

-Uses Sprint Vision (Not Power vision - EV-DO) so I didn't need to change my plan. -but this may be a con for others-
WiFi is OK but very weak and almost useless with the external card. Bluetooth is adequate.
Easy to use volume control button for both dialing and voice.
Update: I just had to do a stint without power and after 2-hours I still had a 30% battery life left. It is nice to not have to be constantly plugged in to do anything!
7907	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Not what is shown in the photo.  Mine was two feet long.
PROS:
DISPLAY - This is one of the shining stars of this phone.  The screen is very nice and large.  It is bright and easy to use in most lighting conditions.  Another great feature is that you can change the appearance of the numbers that display while dialing a phone number.  My favorite is the quill setting that gives the appearance that the numbers on the screen are being written with a feather quill... really a nice touch.  The external display, on the other hand, is a major letdown.  It has a small font which makes it difficult to read without straining.
3904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Easy install my mom installed it and let me tell ya she isn't very mechanical inclined.
9653	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great price.
I like it so far and if I could give it 4.5 stars, I would.  Here're my impressions:
9540	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I just moved into a small home in the country where I can get about 2 bars of 3G (-90db or so) of signal outside, but inside, due to a metal roof and siding, I get absolutely no signal unless I plaster myself against a window. I won't have landline or DSL service for over a month, and I work in IT and am a graduate student - so Internet is a must.
6327	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Well made. Strong . Secure closure and good belt loop and clip.
9344	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Love the way it fits and the reception is pretty good. I have had other bluetooth headsets and this one is definitely the best.
1006	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have not seen any difference whatsoever
7011	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had no problems applying the screen protector to my BlackBerry Curve 8330. I've been using it for a couple weeks now, and it's holding up great. There may be better products out there, but for the price this one is excellent.
--Given the big screen and tactile keys, viable as a websurfing device, also because...
2634	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had the scala 500 and lost it. I bought this one to replace it. Always good sound and easy to operate. I love the over-the-ear piece that comes with it, they don't stay in my ear without it. I think it is the best thing out there for the price.
 But Other than That, Works very well.
3965	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great BlueTooth device.
THANK YOU!!!
I am not a "bleeding edge", guy so I am always looking for the most economical purchase/performance ratio and that often leads me to Amazon refurbs.


1921	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I honestly love this case. At first I was sort of skeptical about its back design, now I get it though, it obviously needs the two textures to add grip and the other one to make it smooth enough to fit into your pockets with no additional friction to it.
Recieving ringtones using bluetooth.
I'm buying a 2nd phone which will be another Nokia 3650. (...) :)

6938	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Hard to beat the price.  Received these timely and they worked just fine.  Why spend 5 times the price if you don't have to.
2858	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product  works just as described have had no problems with it since I got it thanks for a great product
Milton


Cannot recommend.  Can recommend the Motorola H710 and H715.  They work great (until you run over them with your car.)
4105	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great accessory, also it's not 100% required.  I actually like the standard 'pleather' one that came with my crackberry because the screan is protected.
*Answer, end and voice-dial all done with a single button
300	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So far , so good  this battery it did extended the phone life, but howeve if the phone is in heavy use it ll drain almost just as fast as the original , for now it holds up since its new and its more than doule as advertised. .hoping for the best
4967	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered 2 of this item and 2 of the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/white-ones/dp/B000WKQ8LS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">white ones</a>&nbsp;from 4 different sellers after reading very mixed reviews on both items.  I needed the adapter pictured on both with the very short plastic head between the male plug and the cord.  None of the 4 I received were the same as the item pictured. My reason for needing this is not the iPhone. It is to fit inside a tight spot on the back of a Makita job site radio.
4953	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just received it, it seems to be working well and of good enough quality; I will be ordering more tonight.
Since it is portable you can transfer to another vehicle, and it can be used as a quality speakerphone anywhere you need one.  It works just as well as a speakerphone in my office as it does in my car.  The battery lasts a long time, and you can use it while it is charging.  It uses the same Motorola mini-usb charger that most Motorola phones use.  You can charge in your car, with a wall-charger, or computer USB cable.  I have changed to a Samsung smart phone and it works as well with this phone as it did with my Motorola Razr.
AMAZON_- you should be screening these sellers and addressing these issues. There are a ton of posts under every single one of the Motorola Razr battery listing that say they got bad or counterfeit batteries.




8597	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described.
It comes with several cable adapters that look like you can use it with about any reasonably modern cell phone, so I love that I can probably also charge my mom's phone for her in a pinch. If you're charging your iPhone, you just use the USB cable that came with your phone (or iPod or whatever). To charge the actual battery pack, you use the retractable cable included with the iFuel, but you plug that into the little AC power charger/adapter that came with your iPhone or iPad. Super easy. (And also small and kinda cool-looking.)
I have a Blackberry 8310 (which can be found in the "Options" --> "About" menus), which supposedly is what this screen protector is designed to fit. And, indeed, the screen protector is perfectly shaped to fit on the screen from just above the roller ball, all the way up to the silver speaker above the "BlackBerry" logo.
7096	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This "new" replacement battery I bought at Amazon.com and received from ZenithMobile is probably used as it held its charge for barely 48 hours with minimal usage.  Trying to contact ZenithMobile multiple times proved futile since they would not respond.  Finally, I complained to Amazon about it and they did reverse my charges for the battery.
I've used several Bluetooth headsets, with varying degrees of ease in pairing the unit to my phone. This one was one of the easiest and quickest setups I've done. My phone is a Blackjack II, using Windows Mobile 6.
I wish I could offer zero stars.

It has functionality.
9586	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Finally got the signal booster installed!! Wow, we finally have a 3G signal downstairs, it works great and since the house faces East and the AT&T tower is East, we had no problems after mounting on our house, I am very happy! I would recommend this product as long as you have a 3G signal in your yard.
Charges fine but drops me every time when I go to sync.

2595	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I'm sure this works fine, which is why I gave it four stars, but BE AWARE THERE'S NO WALL CHARGER with this unit. There's a USB charger and a car charger, but no wall charger. That was a deal breaker for me and I sent it back.
4595	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you are like me and don't like the types of earpieces that fit inside your ear, this is the earpiece for you.  While it does take a little time to fit and adjust onto your ear, once you do, it is very secure and comfortable as it sits over your ear.  I especially like the easy way it turns on and off (opening it or closing it) and the easy to feel controls.  It works well with my iPhone and the USB style charing cable means I can easily plug it into my usb car charger anytime I need to.  the sound is clear enough and people can hear me just fine although people have noted that it sounds a little "stilted" at times.  THis must be hte noise reduction kicking in as this seems to be the most pronounced when I have the window open.  I like it alot, but having said all this, if you a) do not like the feel of something resting on your ear, or like having any kind of bulk or weight on your ear (it is very light, but it is noticeable) then this is not the earpiece for you.  Otherwise I highly recommend this model.
* Name


Pros:
3764	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed more 12v power outlets in the house, plus some USB plugs. This was the perfect answer. Works great for my 12v accessories.
Not much to say, it is about 3 inches long, is basically a headphone port extension cord.
4023	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great POUCH BUT I WARE THE DANG THINGS VELCRO OUT TOO QUICKLY A's a Great fitting pouch with both vertical and horazonell belt loops
They throw in three separate mounts for different products.  There's one for iphone 1, iphone 3g, and ipod touch 2g.  My ipod touch 2g (without case) fit very snugly into the mount and requires two hands to remove, which i love and hate all at the same time.  I'm not at all sure whether ipod touch 1g's would fit or not.  I'm going to guess not.

World phones are generally equipped w/ both 1900 and 1800 frequencies. Together, these frequencies cover Europe, much of the U.S. and many other countries. Most tri-band units, however, are usually equipped with either 850 or 900mhz.
6759	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No problems.  They arrived on time and performed as expected.
I had no problem installing the Plantronics drivers and they seemed to work well with Windows XP. No need to pair with the USB dongle (already paired at the factory). Pairing with my cell phone took 5 seconds.

  he has been trying to delete the preloaded music crap. Unsuccessfully.
And as to one other reviewer, no they really don't look like they came from the Dollar Store, not that I frequent the place but once every 10 years, but I've never seen anything so lovely and adorable there. This is an gift that gives you the warm and fuzzies.



I also really like the fact that it sits on ear, not in ear :)
So even though I like it quite a bit, the H710 is going back. The one MAJOR minus kills all the pluses for me. They ruined one of the best features about the H700 in the "upgrade" process. So if you don't mind YET ANOTHER power adapter to keep track of, this is a pretty good headset. If you spend a lot of the time on the road and your phone is charged via a mini-USB connector, you might want to search a bit more. I'll likely look for another H700 again.
It was between the Treo 755p and the Centro.  Went with the Centro for the smaller size.  I was able to transfer everything over from my Treo and with only a couple of problems. My Real Estate program had to be updated. Everything is working properly now.  Kinoma on the Centro is a nice program with the EVDO network. Check it out to make your new phone a media playing machine.
This is the only one headset that would properly wrap around my ear and because the ear piece goes into the ear canal, stay anchored. Sound quality is great. The HS 810 would not hold a charge very long. So far so good with this Jabra --- it holds a charge while the Motorola needed to be charged all of the time.

The cord feels flimsy. The plastic used on the cord and ends feels very rubbery. From my own experience with iPhone cases made of similar material, I suspect this cord with discolor and/or become dirty beyond cleaning if it doesn't break before that. This seller also sells a black one on this listing. I would think it's the same quality as the white one they sell.
2207	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because the glass had cracked on the exterior display of my Razr V3 in normal use.  I'm not particularly rough with the phone and am not sure how it happened, but I replaced the glass and bought this protector hoping to avoid breaking it again.  No problems since.  I was also very impressed with how easy it was to apply.  I'm a veteran of many PDA stick-on screen protectors and have found them to be generally difficult to align properly and apply without bubbles appearing between the protector and the screen surface.  The adhesive on this thing is very forgiving during application but has stayed put.  Good job overall.
3880	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a great showerhead, though I wish I could have gotten a chrome or stainless steel version!

3686	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great buy very thankful just in time for my meeting
6571	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I travel a lot by RV so my cellphone is my lifeline, not to mention my only means of internet a lot of the time. Dropped calls and slow loading webpages are a drag. The weBoost booster is a big help. In Florida I saw my signal strength go from -84 to -68.which is a pretty decent improvement. One problem I had seen with the previous products (when the line was called Wilson) was the cradle getting unacceptably hot. This seems to have been solved with the weBoost line. They've also made the cradle a bit more substantial with holding arms that are easier to adjust when swapping phones. It seems a little pricey for what it is. However, it does cut down on the aggravation of losing signal all the time enough that I wouldn't be without a booster in my car or rv.
423	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I read the comments on this item where so negative with smartphones so I thought give it a try for my tablet since is not to expensive. What a rip of!!!

8919	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Looks great, only it stopped charging 3months into the purchase.  I only chargedbit about 3 or 4 times too.  Now it sits on my desk as a paper weight.
- Sometimes I accidentally turn on the laser pointer instead of turning


The Motorola H700 and H710 were for me the answer to nearly every grievance I have with bluetooth headsets. You unfold the microphone boom to power it on (and automatically answer any incoming call); fold it back to power off. Simple, elegant. No confusion about whether or not the headset is already powered on or off when an incoming call arrives (I.e. no "Do I need to hold the power button down for a while to power it on, or a simple tap to just answer?" quandries). The power-on-and-connect is also one of the fastest I have seen on any headset (about the same as my old H300, and way faster than either the Jawbone or the 510). Sound quality is exceptional in either - though maybe more so with the H710 (better noise reduction, and, like the Jawbone, it adjusts your ear volume automatically to accommodate for background noise). Since you would normally keep these turned off, as opposed to leaving them on standby, a single charge will normally last you for weeks and weeks (depending on usage of course). Another plus is that they use industry standard charging connectors (mini-USB and micro-USB, respectively), so you can easily share wall/car/computer chargers with other peripherals. Finally, they are an easy fit - no one should have issues getting them on in a hurry (though for me, I actually preferred the "firm" fit of the Jawbone...).
------------------

3480	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits like a glove. Adds no bulk to the phone - my GS4 stays slim and light!

UPDATE Dec 1, 2008: The N95 now has a couple of worthy successors, each of which improve on its feature set in different ways: The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/N85/dp/B001IBIM00/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">N85</a>&nbsp;and the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/N96/dp/B001DN5030/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">N96</a>.  Personally, I'll stick to the N95 8GB though (see my N85 review to see why).
1863	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm very happy with this purchase. It's a well made tumbler, with a slip-resistant bottom (which works very well), and a solid construction. It closes tightly, and I personally like how the lid (where I put my mouth) is shaped. Also, I found that it doesn't get stained as easily as I imagined for a plastic tumbler. I would buy it again!
3647	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love this product had one years ago andm couldn't find it in the stores in fact i ordered another one for my daughter great,great product i tell everyone.
New Trent IMP60D with a larger form factor (no flashlight or laser
* Address

Cradle snaps in, held solidly until one presses the release lever and forces it back off the mount.  Takes a bit of effort, no concerns here about security.  Snapping the GPS into the cradle is straight forward, it will take you a couple iterations to get the motion down.  Mine was held in quite tightly, I had no concerns with it coming loose.  I did take the preventive step of looping the lanyard around my bar, might as well put it to some use versus flapping in the breeze.
2 to 5 keys: Go down with the arrow 3 items to my inbox
5661	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's from I-Go.  Need I say more?  Bought it for my BB Curve 8530.  Great charger tip
 - ear loop is required to use the second ear bud (would have liked to see the second earbud plug into the USB port instead)
776	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It would have been nice if the back section was made of metal.
5647	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	...and this the one that works with each of two different HTC EVO phones (EVO 4G and EVO 4G LTE) and first generation Kindle Fire.  I use this often with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iGo-Power-Splitter/dp/B000PQJDF2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iGo Power Splitter</a>&nbsp;for charging multiple devices.
9673	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
Cost:  $25 to activate/prepay/load phone.  The $25 covered the activation and purchased her 200 minutes.  All that I have to do is add $10 every 90 days so that her minutes don't expire.  Now THAT is perfect!
Either way, love it, very useful, and totally worth it!
9091	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I brought this product with me during a 4 day convention earlier this month. It only took about 8 hours to bring it to a full charge before using. I also noticed that it took at least 2 days before the battery pack fully drained, which was great. What I like about this product, other than its range for charging my devices is the portability and ease of use. It works with practically all of my electronic devices that can be charged via a USB cord, and I would highly recommend it for travel or everyday use. This would be a great alternative on saving not only time on juicing up your electronics, but also with spending extra money on extra batteries for your products.
If I had any wish it would be for a car charger with the package.  I almost went with the Plantronics for this feature, but overall I am very happy that I did not.  The combination of the USB charging cable and the cool desktop charger does a fine job. A car charger would make this absolutely perfect!
===========================

devices. Another thing I noticed was a light hissing sound; almost as if
Most importantly, with the boom mic to flip, you can turn this unit on and off in a fraction of a second.  My SX66 recognizes the HS850 headset within a second (I'm at the latest Bluetooth v1.1 driver from Siemens/Microsoft - I tried applying the patch from Siemens' website, but the phone was already at the latest version).
Overall, I'm quite happy with this; it is better than anything Verizon stocks for this phone.
6436	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone for one of my teenage sons.  He loves the phone.  I was worried that the slide mechanism might be fragile but it has been very robust.  He goes on very long hikes and his phone bounces around in his pocket along with his keys, sand, and other debris.  The outside of the phone is scratced so much that most of the paint is gone to reveal the metal underneath.  The screen is badly scratched and looks terrible when the phone is turned off HOWEVER, when the phone is on, the screen is so bright that the scratches disappear! This phone has been severely abused about 10 months and yet it still functions perfectly!

Mic is sensitive and my voice for callers are clear
UPDATE 10/20/2009: I am pleased to report that the headset's usage between charges is at least 8 hours, so the fact that it can't be used while charging is not so bad.

8330	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great phone, nice cam, 2gb included, tv output, many functions, many software, many games
2820	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	To be fair, I upgraded to the Razr from a Nokia 6101, so all my opinions are based on a comparison.  In 3 words, there is none.  This phone feels sturdier in my hand, is more user-friendly and has a louder earpiece than the Nokia.  It comes with about 30 preset ringtones instead of Nokia's 5 or so (each lamer than the last) so I won't waste hours online trying to download a better one.  The screen is larger and brighter, the battery cover is easier to remove, and the camera takes better pictures.  What really bowled me over though was the text messaging program.  Nokia has a "predictive" dictionary that nevertheless requires you to type out the whole word, and 5 times out of 10 "predicts" the wrong one.  Moto's dictionary predicts the word before you finish typing, giving the option to skip to the end, and even displays 5 or 6 other options at the bottom of the screen to choose from.  Brilliant.
2831	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have this for my zune works great and has good protection. I bought for my bose mini soundlink had to make some alterations to fit but works great
-I just loaded $20 on to her phone.  How many minutes is that? 400! Wow, right?
4972	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this item because I misplaced my old adapter for the 1st generation iPhone. I expected, as usual, that as soon as I bought a replacement the old one would show up! In this case it didn't. This adapter is used to connect headphones or audio output to the original 1st gen. iPhone. That model had a recessed jack to plug in the headphones and would not accept a standard plug, like the newer iPhones do. Since I am now using the 3rd gen. iPhone, my 1st two are jailbroken to use as iPod Touches, for music, internet and app use. This jack comes in handy when connecting headphones, as the 1st gen. iPhone has a sub-par speaker, and is of little use in listening to music. I would recommend it for anyone still using the original iPhone.

Pro:


Comparison between the two:

(3) Does not stay charged through one long phone call.
Phone book doesn't club sim card and phone number together no matter you want same person contact on both. But you can have work around according to your need by having limited numbers on phone to get another features to work.
5108	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product.  It does all it promises, and offers connecting tips to just about anything you can think of that would need to be charged.  The small, compact size makes it a dream to take on travel, or in your vehicle, and the unit replaces nearly all those individual, bulky, heavy DC charging units with plugs.  If you frequently find you need to recharge multiple items at once, there's a great chance you'll love this, too.

7575	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed something rugged to fit my Galaxy Note 3 seeing that I am a residential contractor, I need reliability and safety for my very expensive phone. This case was very inexpensive and shipping was fast. I was concerned with the description, mentioning it fits most Galaxy Note 2 phones. My phone fits very well and the velcro is heavy duty. 5 stars. Exceptional Glass LLC
LED is a great use but the red laser is just entertaining.
1)  Battery life!!!  I've got a spare battery and with moderate use (not even heavy) I can go through both in 24 hours easily.  I usually have the Wi-Fi off and will often times even cut the bluetooth to conserve but this just runs out of batteries to fast for my likings.
- loud volume & excellent noise reduction

9794	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	work very well.


9927	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	One of the few cases that fits the S&W Model 1's, a lot thinner and lighter than the G&G cases that I'm replacing.

The keypad is so small that it is better suited to the hands of a toddler than an adult. Dialing a number is often an exercise in frustration, as you'll invariably hit keys you didn't intend to hit. The trick here is to be slow and deliberate in entering the numbers. Texting is also nearly impossible, even at slow speed. You'll have to shift to ulta-slow speed to have any chance of texting for any length of time. Eventually you'll abandon texting altogether as a few of my Chocolate-owing friends have. It's just not worth the nonstop hassles.

The phone uses a mini-SD card.  Works great.  No bogging down of the processor as I experienced with the Samsung.

8948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch, was constantly able to charge my iPhone 4S 2.5 times on one charge. The battery charged fully in one night and is small and portable but very effective. Comes with and charges with a micro-USB cord, which was useful.
2684	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought to replace another that I bought for my wife a year ago and it is great. Not heavy, stand work the way it should and it fits like a glove. Gives grate stability to the slippery side of the phone and allows for one handed function.



charge. I loved that the iTorch was light weight. I could put it right in
On the other hand I have an iPhone with AT&T, so it could be that combination doesn't work with it.

5930	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Charges my battery faster and keeps it charged while using my Ipad.  My Ipad is old and the battery I think is wearing out.  This adds more power.  Worth every penny
4608	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very cute..
1925	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	rsrrg sfg srsrfsr gfs rfg srg drgrgsr g dsrg dr ggd srg g  grgrg erg er gr gd sg  gdg
Would I recommend? ABSOLUTELY.
To add airtime from Tracfone is extremely painful:

This product would be 5 stars in my book if the volume was louder.  Note that volume *level* is controlled by either the phone or the unit, but the volume *output* is limited by the unit' amp and speaker.  For all but the absolute quietest situations, the volume is simply not loud enough for reliable use in a car.  Even sitting on my desk as a speakerphone, the volume is insufficient if there is any level of background noise.

Sound - Good quality. I have not heard any complaints. One quirk that will take getting used to is that the charger and headphone use the same port, so if you want to talk and charge the phone you will need to daisy-chain them together. My third-party Cingular car charger lacks this daisy-chain functionality.
What's the difference?  Well, "good published" battery life is the distinction.  All four of the HS850 headsets worked for a few weeks or months, but then would not hold a charge.  Battery life went down to MINUTES.


Good quality and works well.  Get it!

2321	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone when it first came out.  (10-12 years ago?  I'm not sure.)  When my contract expired, I kept the phone without upgrading because it worked so well and is nice and compact.  It still looks brand new.  A couple of years ago, I switched to an iPhone (love Apple!) but sold that phone within five months because I missed my LG VX8300 flip phone.  I've never looked back and haven't been enslaved to a contract since.
6486	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product really works. I'm doing a lot of camping in remote location and the biggest problem is the Internet. I have Verizon and in the past 2 weeks I was in 2 different locations, NY Catskills and NH White Mountains. I was very surprised before I had 2 bars- 3g on my phone and on rt 16 in White Mountains around Mt. Washington I had no service, zero bars. With this tool is got 4g - 1 bar, I was able to Skype in the middle of nowhere
5839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This so far has been a really good heart monitor strap.  I have had problems with other straps as the moisture getting in it when you ride makes them unreliable.  This one is sealed so you do not have that problem.  We will see how long it lasts.  Will update later.
8782	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Thanks
3746	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	So I'm using this to power some dew heaters and digital setting circles for my telescope.  The build quality is pretty decent, but not impressive.  Honestly, this would be a 4 star item if it wasn't for the following issues:

5852	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It seems a lot of people have reviewed this phone and many have complained, basically it stems from not even doing a bit of basic research before buying this phone.
575	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable. Looks good. I've received several compliments on this.
7115	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I tried two of these with the same 3-pole (stereo audio, mic, control) headset in the same iPhone, and in both cases, one of the audio channels would either play static or nothing at all.

 I was able to charge BOTH the Galaxy S3 and the Ipod Touch 4g in full (back to back) without having to recharge the iTorch.
- Feels extremely well-made. Durable. I really like the weight. It's not
Great audio quality on calls

The main selling point of the phone is its sliding and its thinness.  Other than that, it's basically like all other GSM phones.  There are cheaper flip phones that can also do video.
2498	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	In contrast to the other katillion ear buds that basically do not work or are frustratingly uncomfortable, this little gem is easy to use and nice to wear. I misplaced my first one and bought another. Highly recommended.
2573	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The product works well.  Good price.  Some slight static at times, overall it does its intended purpose.
8087	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The case is cumbersome and you cannot dock the phone without removing the case, which is difficult because it is in three peices.  Customer service is a joke.
9126	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have a hobby as a podcast co-host/blogger with the subject in and around the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, CA.  Being in the parks all day covering news, photos, and sending messages over social media, such as Twitter, I would find that my iPhone battery would drain about halfway through the day.  Not good, when newsworthy stories happen all day long.

517	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had it for many months and it's been working great.  Battery life is all I expected.  My old battery was dying all the time.

Sadly, I don't really see this case lasting for more than a year becasue of the numerous times that I take it off for cleaning. But for the price I paid for it, which is half the price at the Verizon store, it doesn't really matter, as long as it protect my LG Voyager from little nicks as well as drop, for when the time comes...
CONS
915	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	failed within a week.  A good product but a bad device
I haven't explored further into this trash, but if I did, I'd probably find other things to go off on it.  Oh an also, the date format is in Euro/Australian form (whatever, I don't what standard they use, but it's not American).

288	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect and it lasts significantly very long battery life up to two days on a single charge with regular phone usage! It doesn't make the phone very heavy or too big .
7337	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This phone is crap, I wish I could give it zero stars. First of all, it is not a US version, as it claims. The language is European English. I have owned other razor phones, and bought this for my fiance, who loved the two he had, that just wore out over time. The settings are all completely different. Will not send texts properly, nor receive them, using the same T-Mobile service as on a previous RAZR V3. Will also not send nor receive picture messages. Cannot find a mode for predictive text messaging. And, the case doesn't even fit properly on the phone. I found out that these phones are factory refurbished in China, when I took it to a phone repair shop I go to regularly, and fully trust. It is absolutely awful. Do not buy this phone, it is a complete ripoff.
3987	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This was a very nice case. I wish the one I ordered for my iPhone was as nice. Definetly recommend.
The video is pretty useless as well.


1661	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Reader,
9068	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this because my wife saw my other charger but didn't want a bulk one so i ordered the IMP52D and she loved it!
3077	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome little garlic jar. had one before, but knock it off the counter. Glad they still had this item.
6931	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!

I bought a Jabra and it was the worst thing ever and this plantronics Explorer 330 is nice and clear.
9421	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have found this booster to work very well while traveling across the lower 48 states, and locally here in Alaska. Traveling extensively this winter I found many areas where AT&T cell service was barely one bar. This booster takes that minimal signal and increases it to the point of being useful.
2393	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After using this headset I found it to be very comfortable crystal clear in terms of clarity long lasting battery life and universally its pairs with any cell phone its size is amazing and less noticable the best there is so far

4918	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to plug in with my otterbox case for my Dr Dre Beats. It works great. It doesn't break up the sound or have any discrepancies with the sound.
823	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great sound quality, nice fit, and easy controls. Super easy Bluetooth connection. Would definitely recommend.

2) Shows fingerprints more than even an iPod
This phone is good enough to run a business with with the PDA, calendar, memos, call log, Internet, Email, text message alerts, and bluetooth.

The flashlight and red laser are nice extra features, especially the flashlight. I frequently had this product by my side during the past week, and I found myself being happy that I had a quick flashlight on hand. Before I would have to pull out my cell phone and use the flashlight, and my phone is a little sluggish at its older age, so it's always a hassle to unlock it, find the icon for the flashlight, blah blah blah... it was nice to have something that could provide a quick light.
339	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has really helped out my phone... It makes your phone thicker, but you get used to it quick.  Really good product for price.  I have nothing negative to say about it.
4469	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The screen on this phone was shattered within 2 days of purchase. The only unusual wear and tear is that the phone was carried in my pocket instead of a case the first few days because I hadn't been able to purchase one yet. Also, now the phone randomly starts the Roger's music player. However, the phone arrived with everything listed in the ad and in the condition advertised.
9778	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Batteries are fine  I was testing them on a 3 volt setting instead of 1.5v
4348	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
FINAL UPDATE: I chucked it. Don't believe the breathless reviews about this. If you use this in everyday life--i.e. with the phone more than a few feet from your head--people on the other end will hear static. I got so sick of people asking me "what's that clicking sound?" that I threw the stupid thing away. I'm amazed people love this so much. They must be so floored by the idea of wireless technology they haven't actually tried using it for a real conversation, or they haven't actually tried to call another person. With two bad experiences with this company, that was the last Jabra product I'll ever buy.

2217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed to move data from an older Nokia phone and hoped this would work. It did wonderfully.  I recommend this cable to use with a matching Nokia phone.
But my main complaint is with the Aliph Jawbone company customer service itself-they are absolutely horrible. They advertise on their website that the Jawbone has a 1 year manufacture warranty to the end consumer. But, my Jawbone broke and when I contacted them about getting warranty service on it, they rudely informed me that they only provide warranties on units bought directly from their own website. If I bought from some other retailer, it has ZERO warranty! I'm not sure whether or not this is even legal since I'm not a lawyer, but do believe it reflects very poorly on the company that they don't even stand behind their own products.
9250	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I went to this from an Ipaq.  The Ipaq was OK, but not easy to dial while driving (pretty much impossible to do safely), and kind of big for me to just put in a pocket or even on a clip.  I got tired of it after about 8 months, and updated to this.


5969	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like the size of this battery.  It is easily pocket-able and feels sturdy enough to withstand the occasional drop.  The flashlight is a nice touch but it would be nice to see a dedicated switch for the flashlight.  The surface of the battery is very close to a matte black finish that helps with not showing fingerprints.  The battery seems to charge my iPhone without any issues.  It's nice that New Trent has included a charging cable with the device so you can just use your iPhone wall charger or PC for charging.
* 3.5G (HSDPA) connectivity (see note about models below), This gives clearer voice and much faster data downloads (theoretically up to 3.5 Mbps; in practice I have seen from 900 Kbps to about 2.2 Mbps, depending on location and time of day).
6787	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Would buy from you again!!
On the front of the unit is where the USB port for plugging in a phone, tablet etc under that USB port is a micro B USB port, this port is used for charging up the battery pack itself. To the left and right of the full size USB port for actually charging your phone are the LED light and the laser pointer. I found the USB port for charging your phone or tablet was very stiff and was not loose it holds a USB cable in very securely without any problems. You can actually plug a USB cable in and dangle the charger by the cable and even bounce it around without it unplugging itself. This is one of the main reasons why I prefer this charger over my old IMP70D since that one had very loose USB ports and things would contently come unplugged.
Holsters that are too tight get you in a TON of trouble when you need those tools out and with a maximum quickness.
4212	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The price was right, and the product works as advertised.  It's the best wireless headset that I've used, and it works seemlessly with my razr.  No complaints here, except that the sound quality could be better at times, and there is some interference... but nothing major.
Highly recommended !!

I really could've used this during my overseas travel last month. Since


Overall, the items were arrived very fast and I am happy with the product.

If you are doing something similar, make sure you take into account the clearance you will need when the lid to the console is closed and something is plugged into one of the sockets.
482	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	guide
Gave it a 5 because its only negative is that it has added bells & whistles which aren't necessary.


5717	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Weak and breaks easily....I am disappointed! I prefer the metallic clip that can last forever......I have tried all plastic clips and not one has changed my view that these plastic clips are not long lasting.



-It serves its main purpose as a extra battery pack perfectly.
Among all these, I decided to keep the Motorola H710. It is _nearly_ perfect in all aspects, the only minor drawback compared to its predecessor, the H700, is that it has a micro-USB charging connector rather than a mini-USB one (I have tons of mini-USB peripherals, including my cell phone, camera, etc...)
4593	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I needed a new headset (my BlueAnt is so small and light I constantly lose it).  Sennheiser figured out easy-to-use answers to what are the biggest drawbacks of most headset designs: noise canceling, switching the mic from side to side, and the buttons (on/off, call, volume).  Kind of a "DUH!" simplistic design.  BUT:
Make Hands Free calls on Skype using wireless hotspot device
This phone had built-in GPS, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth; but it does not have 3G coverage in the US.  Being a smart phone it has robust calendar and contact applications.  It also has a great 5-mega-pixel camera with auto focus and a powerful Xenon flash that really does light up your subject.  The pictures are comparable to an average compact point and shoot camera.  Moreover, it geo-tags your photos so you can see where you took the photo on a map.  You can also upload your photos to the web, although I have not used that feature.  The music player is robust as well and since the phone has a 3.5mm headset jack on the top it's easy to use your favorite headphones.  Lastly, it is very attractive in black, and feels, for the most part, solid and well constructed but also lightweight.
6234	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery pack is a must-have for smartphone users.  It can charge your phone two to five times, ideal for traveling and camping etc. It is compact, light and great in hand.  The device also has a built-in laser point, and an LED light, very handy when you need it and more reasons to carry around.
Voice call quality is quite good. The speakers are also quite good but they're awkwardly located on the back.
3877	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Love the size of the shower head. The articulating arms make it quite easy to position also. I tossed the aerator because I didn't want to kill the water pressure, but I wish I hadn't now. We have a well and ample water pressure and I didn't want to lose it by including the aerator, but this shower head can empty or water heater over the course of about 15 minutes. Granted we don't have a huge water heater, but we definitely can't take back to back or simultaneous showers. Whoops!
2095	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this product past 5 months and its b'ful and awesome sound quality. I didn't found any issue with this product. Easy to configure and connect. It works with my Sony Erricson W580i Walkman phone as well as my laptop. Sound quality and beats are very good. Distortion only if u move your head 90% on left, but ignorable. Its not bulky and fit easily. Its in build mic is good. While playing a music if call comes u can atend it with this headset. It has its own volume adjustment. Overall, a good peace which makes me fully satisfied. I got what i was looking for. no wire hassle now.
The only reason I did not give it the 5th star is that it is touchy when trying to voice dial. You have to be in a very quiet environment to voice dial with this headset.

6)  Place radiant barrier in attick directly between the 2 antennas.  This will help improve the signal separation a lot and will make this thing work.
8470	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice size,  reasonable quality and good accessories.  Just what I needed as a spare radio,  or ship to shore radio.  Small with good features
2197	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Boxwave case I bought for my Note II (Bodysuit) has disappeared from Amazon. This is the same case but with a uniform glossy texture.  I had a Boxwave case for my Note I and it was great.  This new case is even better.  It is thinner and more streamlined, and the buttons work even better.  This doesn't have cutouts for the buttons, instead it has well-designed buttons of its own molded into the case that push on the phone's buttons.  I like this because the buttons work just as well but they are protected at the same time from crud/damage.  Cutouts for the ports/mics/camera/stylus are placed perfectly and sized appropriately. Lastly, this case is made from TPU, which is the best case material in my opinion.  It's firmer so it stays on the phone better than the soft silicone cases and does not pick up lint or stick to your pocket, while still offering some cushion when you drop it.
4653	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should. I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 with an EK group Aluminum Case and this bad boy fits it just fine.

Sleek looking, easy-to-use. Fabulous packaging, too, FWIW.
898	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The only real drawback for me was that the buds are a bit short from neck to ear, and tend to pull a little when I turn my head too far in either direction. I'm not a giraffe, but I do have a long neck! This should have been taken into consideration though. In terms of operation, the sound (as Larry David would say) is "prittttttty, prittttttttty good!" It's not BOSE, but it's good enough for the price. Additionally, for phone calls (which is really why I bought this) it's great. I've had no problems with people hearing me, nor from me hearing them. Definitely a good buy (not a GOOD BYE!)


2813	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had excellent results with this battery so far, I've had it about a month...I made sure that I charged it for 12 hours the first 2 times I charged it, also between charges I ran the battery completely down before recharging...I think a lot of reason people have problems with their batter is that they don't "condition" it properly


I will also add that I have used a Verizon signal and an AT&T signal at the same time and it worked beautifully.  Worth the money if you get it installed as designed.




Prior to purchasing this for my Droid X,  I had used the Body Glove case.  It's a nice case but the belt clip on it is worthless.  Also, it offers no protection for the screen, which is the most vulnerable part of the phone.
4 - Tones are too short.  Had to use a different phone to get through a menu when I called a company because the tones were too short to trigger the options. What the....?
recommend this product!
3868	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Do you or someone you know suffer from low pressure shower syndrome? Are you tired of drying off while still soapy? If so, then this revolutionary product is just for you. The Thunderhead rain shower provides an ample, steady stream of water just when you need it most, ALWAYS. The rubber nipples make cleaning hard water deposits a snap. Installation takes about 30 seconds. Get your Thunderhead rain shower head today!
- good volume makes for easy listenin friends on the other side of the line

8631	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Item arrived on time, works well. I hoped to use it to get the pictures of a phone with out a microsd card but have to have that little card in their. It's a great cheap replacement, let ya'll know about any problems!
4058	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought seven of these. None of them worked on 5 different Android phones. I can't speak to Microsoft, Blackberry, or Apple.
*) deleting messages is worse!  select the message, hit options, hit delete (sometimes it's 4, sometimes 6), "are you sure", hit yes, done.  On the nokia, select the message and hit "c" and you were instantly done.
* The rollerball took a little getting used to, but after less than a day, I'm an expert. OK, not quite an expert, but I dialed in the sensitivity to suit my needs. I also turned off that annoying clicking sound. I guess that was supposed to simulate the audible "click" you would get from the old wheel.
I purchased the white version, but it is the same as the black!
The Laser is not a very high quality laser (in fact I had to adjust the metal that was surrounding the laser port so that it wouldn't dissipate as quickly)
8569	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this bluetooth headset 3 months ago and I love it!  It is one of the most comfortable ones (I tried about 4 others), small, and great sound quality on my end.  The only complaint (and it is actually my husband's complaint) is that to him, I sound a bit muffled.  However, no one else has noticed this (and I have asked).  Has great range and feels very secure in my ear.  Plus - gotta be honest - it looks snazzy!
NOTE: Last night, I accidently turned the power off to the hub and the Dish DVR still saw the USB HD. So, you may be able to use this without the power source.
When paired with the A120s you can only control the volume, but with the dongle I can play/pause & skip forward & back.
9688	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They work as advertised. quickly delivered.
One last thing to note about the K850i:  Although it uniquely supports both U.S. and International 3G frequencies, its use on the AT&T wireless network is sub-optimal.  That's because there is an interoperability issue with its built-in media player and the MEdiaNet configuration - so streaming internet videos (e.g. from YouTube) does not work.  This was the single most important reason why I ended up returning my k850i to the local store where I bought it, after having had it for about 2 weeks.
4) I broke my first one by putting it in my sports bra while I ran (see 3). I guess it didn't like the moisture, and now the buttons don't work, and I can't shut it off. So, don't do that.
4255	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	REVISED 11/1/16- DO NOT PURCHASE THIS MODEL- TOO MANY COMPLAINTS OF FEEDBACK AND DISTORTION FROM CALLERS, AND TODAY A RADIO SHOW\ I PHONED INTO HAD TO CUT OFF THE CALL BECAUSE THE INTERFERENCE WAS BOTHERING THE HOST'S CONVERSATION WITH ME.
* Pairing to my phone worked without any issues - Quick and easy
If you don't like things in your ear and you only use hands free for driving then this device is for you. Don't let the volume issue deter you. I'm getting one for the wife as well.
BTW, I have now tried this on my Blackberry Playbook tablet and it WILL charge it!
-Adapters, charges with a micro usb cable, it ships with that and cables but there not dedicated, there's an adapter included for that.  But accessories are easily found at Walmart or online.
*There is a help menu right on the phone so you don't have to find your owners manual each time you need help with something.
Although this strap was intended for cell phones, it could be very useful for holding/separating small electrical/electronic sub-components.
Aliph's Jawbone headset changed all that.  My friends and family no longer even suspect I'm in the car when I use it.  If they call me while I'm in a grocery store or department store, they hear neither the hubbub of the store nor the announcements over the building intercom.  Then I went to my favorite wing restaurant, which keeps the music pretty loud.  I stood directly under one of their speakers and asked my friend if she could hear it.  She thought she heard some people speaking faintly in the background.  She had no idea I was standing under a speaker with music blaring at me.
7817	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great workaround for those cases that the non OEM headphones can't plug into because of the narrowness of the jack opening caused by the case

hand it back to my kids so they could charge the iPad. I just made sure to
The buttons are raised up just a bit. The display is bright and vibrant. If you have T-Mobile service with this phone, you'll find it can handle the My Favorites plan just fine, with nice little icons and customizable options fo each person.
1045	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price
Negatives:


Update - I used the 3030 for a while, and it always worked as it should.  I ended up not liking how long the earbud cords would be and that I still had an object around me that might as well have been my mp3 player/phone.  Since I typically keep my phone in my pocket, it wasn't that helpful for me to have the wireless distance from it.  Would be better for someone who keeps their phone in their purse or at the gym on the treadmill.
8297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best accessory I have every bought for a phone.
6187	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently received the new trent external charger and here is my input.
2861	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When I heard Microsoft was going to discontinue the Zune I purchased all the extra items I needed (wall plugs, charges, docking stations and cables).  There are numerous vendors selling them and you need to factor in the shipping costs but all in all you should expect to spend $3 - $4.  I have a about 5 cables in place right now as I have several zunes and use them on several computers and docking stations.  So far they work great, the fit with the zune is fine and they come off with ease.  If these are knock offs as some people claim they pass the test.  I have 3 zunes and have no problems using these cables.
-------------
I have a brand new 2008 Toyota Rav4 SUV and I purchased $1000 BlueTooth integrated device for it. The sound quality (even though coming from the car speakers) is very poor and people can barely hear me. This unit I purchased for only $50 and it performs better than my $1000 integrated car BlueTooth system. The BlueAnt 093750 White Supertooth Light has it's own speaker which is good enough to hear even in busy and noisy traffic. And I don't care to hear the sound off my car speakers because this way I can talk to someone and have my music still ON with a lower volume level!
2674	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am not sure how this worked.  It was stolen from my car 2 days after I bought it and before I had the chance to use it once.  It looked like good quality and that it would work.  The Zen Vision M did at least fit in it.

I returned it and replaced it with the BlueAnt Z9i and what a amazing difference, clear as a bell at both ends of the call, great noise cancelling and seems to pair with no problems, also can pair with 5 devices at once and can switch to the called phone.
I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a short adapter to fit into a tight spot.
Anyway, that was a very big downside for me, so I returned it an bought a motorola T305 (since it was made by my phone manufacturer), and this worked as I expected in this regard.



No I do not work for Amazon


The true Achilles heels to all these multimedia phones are the added cost to users for subscription plans, and the limitations of current portable device battery life. The Sync makes you acutely aware of both of these problems. Until better batteries are available, Samsung should not build phones this inefficient, or at the very least should not call them "wireless". You don't need a phone line attached to these, but you will need a power cord!
Basically, after using this amplifier and seeing not only the hard number results but experiencing the better call quality in normal use, I can say with full confidence that the device fully lives up to its claim.
9912	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	charger works great and compatible with rumor, usb cable fits rumor but mini-cd software NOT compatible with rumor, ie. drivers are for another model of LG phone, not for rumor. Supplier got the order half right, half wrong.

If you have an iphone 4, I would look elsewhere for a BT solution that actually works.
5700	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Took my phone, got a thin case for use with belt clip, and will install the other attachment in my car for my GPS.
  - allows charging
8. Durable. I used this hard for a few years and it has only now started to fall apart. Still works though.
After looking at working units on You Tube, mine was obviously Defective.
6077	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The iTorch feels nice and sturdy in your hand and also comes with a convenient carrying pouch to keep the battery pack and usb cable together. The built in laser pointer is definitely a handy addition to the power pack that is great for presentations. The added led flashlight is also useful. However, it isn't as bright as I would have liked. I like the fact that the battery pack charges by microusb. This makes it much easier to charge when you are traveling as almost everything has a USB port. When using the battery pack to charge my iPhone, it was very fast. The added capacity that the battery pack provides gave me more than enough power to be unplugged from the wall for the whole day and more.

Although I usually prefer a horizontal case, this case is stylish and small enough not to be too gaudy on one's hip.  The magnets are too weak, as has been previously stated, but that is likely because both the magnet and the metal counter are covered by leather and cloth.
Area for Improvements & Suggestions:
===================================
In a world with iPhones and Blackberries, the handset's tiny screen is very basic and can be hard to read. Would prefer a more modern and larger display. Despite the keys on the handset being small, I have had no problems mis-dialing numbers.


1458	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Tried many, but this one is only one I can use while driving noisy truck.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Bluetooth setup for headset: Simple. Couple buttons did the trick
3258	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product: Arrived on time and fits my Galaxy Note II perfectly: The look and style of it is great: I have received a number of compliments on it and everyone wanted to know where I got it. Its the perfect compliment to my Galaxy.

- Battery level Indicator
As for the fit of the headset, it is very secure on my ear.  Like most others, it hooks over the ear, which makes it fit a bit oddly with sunglasses or eyeglasses, but it isn't uncomfortable.  When I get a new headset/earpiece, one of the first things I do is to put it on and shake my head around a bit to test how securely it fits my ear.  This one didn't budge.  For me, this is a very important factor.  If I can't move my head naturally as needed while driving, then the headset impedes my ability to drive and I won't have that.
875	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	love the sound quality of music.  sometimes people have a hard time hearing me - maybe the microphone could be improved?
I was correct in my initial review, the slide-out mic was a problem. It eventually broke and was unusable after that. I went to the Motorola TX-500 and couldn't be happier.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-TX500-Universal-Bluetooth-In-Car-Speakerphone-Black-Retail-Packaging/dp/B004ULOZRY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola TX500 Universal Bluetooth In-Car Speakerphone - Black - Retail Packaging</a>
The laser pointer and light are ok, but not outstanding.  We didn't buy it for those features, anyway.
Caveat emptor!

 -Very stable & comfortable - when wearing, you pretty much forget it, doesn't wobble around or fall off.  Easy to wear on either ear.
Reception on my end was pretty good.  It was loud and clear.  I also asked a few of my recievers how they heard me and they all said I sounded loud and clear.  I also tested the unit with the phone about 20 ft away and it worked just fine without any distortion.
I really liked it so I bought another one when my other earpiece broke.
- Still need to hook up your phone/tablets respective charging cable

6232	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I think overall the product is great as a external battery but there are a few things that could have been done better. Heres some pros and cons.
4265	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far so good, no complaints. I would purchase this again. Received same day. Great sound, no breaking up.

4771	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I picked these headsets up today at my local Comp USA(Tiger Direct store). I needed them because Apple came out with 3.0 for my i Touch which turned on the Bluetooth . Now I can listen to music directly without wires. these headsets paired up with my HP xv5220us laptop, Acer Aspire one, and my i Touch easily. The sound is good and the range is 25 to 30 feet away. I have been wearing them for over an hour and they are comfortable. I only charged them for about 45 mins so I don't know yet how long the charge lasts. I paid $29.95 for them which is a good price.
9.  Nothing is perfect, but this has satisfied me.  If you want perfection, design one yourself and build it.  Good luck.
3823	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Super cute!  Not super sensitive though.  Doesn't seem to pick up on phone, but does pick up near other types of devices.  I read this may be a frequency issue between the US vs UK phone frequencies.  Could be.  It eventually quit working after several months.  Maybe it has a battery inside that died?  Not sure.  Even without working though, it's cute just to have a mini tardis.  Husband loved it.
9380	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what we needed. It our second one. First one lasted about 5 years.

Now that I've got that out of the way, I can talk about the stuff I like about the Buds, which is pretty much everything. First off, let me assure you that this headset DOES support Apt-X Bluetooth connections where available. Apt-X is a Bluetooth audio codec that is designed to provide sound quality equal to a wired headset. Other Bluetooth audio connections have to compress the audio, making it sound somewhat muddled and, well, bad. This happens regardless of the quality of your source audio file. Apt-X support is most commonly available in recent Samsung (including the Galaxy S3, S4, and S5) and HTC phones (including the One and M8), but there are others out there as well. If you're interested, there is a ridiculously complete .xlsx spreadsheet available from jessebandersen dot com, but a simple Google search will also yield results. I found Jesses page by searching for aptx enabled devices  it was the first result in the list. Sadly Apt-X is not supported by Apple yet, and knowing them they'll come out with some proprietary alternative to it that only works with their own headsets (they bought Beats by Dre in the last week or so, so get ready). I almost passed on the Buds because Apt-X isn't listed anywhere in the specs or reviews that I saw here on Amazon. I had to go to Motorola's site and look up the user manual to find it. I was originally going to go with the LG Tone headset line (which also supports Apt-X), but didn't like the "flat loop" design that most of them have  it looks like a great fit for a robot. In my opinion the Buds are designed for a better fit on an actual human: the front of the control stalks bend gently down, following the curve of the neck/shoulders/collarbones. The majority of the headset (including the very small weight of the battery pack) rests on the base of your neck, and the control stalks rest comfortably near the collarbones. The LG Tone can't do both at the same time since it is formed in a flat circle: the stalks aren't angled relative to the neck band, and they carry all the weight of the battery so theyll fall to your collarbones while the center section will be halfway up the back of your neck (the newer ones are curved like the Buds, but are $70 more expensive). Im wearing the Buds headset right now, and can hardly feel it  a great improvement over traditional earhugger Bluetooth headsets. While Im talking about fit, I should probably mention that I wear a 17.5 collar, and cant stand having things touching my neck or throat. The Buds fit quite comfortably, and provide just the slightest reassuring touch on the front sides of my neck. They widest gap between the left and right control stalks measures just a hair under 5 inches.
- Great camera quality

bill
3468	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I live in Tempe, near the phoenix area, and I have just bought the N75. There are some issues for this phone that seems specific to the phoenix area, as follows:
One thing about the Voyager with the command button is that I don't hear the whole menu when it starts. I don't know if it's the transmitter link just being awaken from sleep or what....but I only hear the tail end of the prompt .....the 820 you hear the whole thing from the press of the button. Not really a big deal....but I do notice it from the 820.
  - Sound could be fuller but probably decent for this price point.
4038	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Could not find this item any where for a couple of years. Thanks for having my product when I couldn't locate elsewhere.
2067	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These holders do not last long and the buckle comes apart at the seam but they are not expensive and the seller ships it out fast so I just stock up. *******Important to note that, this will not fit an Iphone 4 with an otterbox.*********
1535	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	couldn't be happier with this. and those who are embarrassed by its "large" size may want to consider being less insecure.
If you want a bluetooth device that is for phone conversations, get an over-the-ear piece.  If you want to listen to music and have the flexibilty to swap out your headphones, get this device.

Well built with some extra room for a smaller bluetooth, money, ID or whatever you can fit in it.
BUT SPRINT IS TERRIBLE
Now all will be good if I just don't lose it again! ;)
It doesn't fit as good as my old Plantronics 510 but once you get the idea on how to put it on your ear, its a non-issue.
5234	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, keeps my devices neatly organized!
1.  Thoroughly read the instruction booklet.
3858	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Real quick delivery exactly as described dads likes does the job futs phone perfectly


A few people have written reviews that the phone doesn't close a swell as it does without the case.  It closes fine.  You add a slight thickness to the edge of the phone with a case on it, so basically it closes all the way, almost exactly the same as without a case, but because of the case, you won't hear the phone cover "click shut" but it is closed and its not like the front is suddenly lose or pops open.  The case is a great value and works perfectly.
3667	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Don't buy
We have NOT had a dropped call since we got it, which is a HUGE improvement, but I was hoping for more than a 1-2 bar signal when I'm 30 feet away from it. It does work well enough though that I'd recommend it to anybody
commuters and others who do not have immediate access to standard

Also, from manual the blue LED indicator should be displayed as follow:
5580	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Here is an inexpensive but yet very efficient BTB (Bridge to Bridge) ratio to stay in contact if you do need to when boating or kayaking. You even call out for help if need to be. IF you into kayaking a few miles away from the beach looking for those big fishes, then it is a must.
3455	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this so I could travel more safely while using my iPhone.


6240	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have only had this charger for a few weeks, however in that time it has already saved me many times. As a business person, I'm on the phone a lot, and on each occasion, recently, I have been in the middle of important meetings that would normally tie me down to my desk or car, due to running out of power. With the iFuel I have been able to not be tethered and instead able to continue running errands. I really suggest this product, if you are in need of additional power without wanting to add continuous bulk to your phone with a battery case. It can easily remain in my pocket while walking around.


- have a clear phone conversation even when in a noisy environment
9766	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality.  Make sure any battery you buy on-line has an experation date!
2105	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The price is right and it's perfect for using XM MyFi in the car. Charges the battery while you listen.
3794	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this because I needed to split my adapter so I could plug in a radar detector and a phone charger.  The product supports permanent installation and comes with bracket hardware and a velcro pad; either or both can be used.  The actual adapter fuses the hot lead directly to the center peg and the ground to the side posts.  The product supports a maximum capacity of 20 amps and the fuse is located on the back of the unit.  The unit also comes with basic instructions.
6045	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, takes awhile to charge, but when it's done it charges my phone about two times over when on standby, however, if you"re using the phone while charging it, it'll only charge about once.
Both items arrived on time and worked just fine.
* The N95-3 (a.k.a. "N95 NAM", RM-160) is the first model targeted for North America.  Most of the exterior design is similar to the N95-1 (Silver faceplate, 2.6" screen, SDHC slot), but like the N95-2, it has 128MB of RAM, a 1200 mAh battery, and no manual slider for the camera shutter.  The main reason for its existence is that it swapped the original UMTS-2100 (WCDMA) frequency for UMTS-850 and UMTS-1900, so that it would work with AT&T Wireless's 3G/3.5G network.  Until just a few days/weeks ago, this would have been the "best" choice for US customers.
Love them. Great sound once I got the right earpieces on. Seems to be a quality build and being Motorola should last as long at least as the Tones. Controls were a little confusing at first (I hung up on one call trying to adjust the volume) but you will get used to it. Tone control is OK but not as responsive as the tones.

3762	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this to help give us more power for the phones while out an about playing games. We have 5 phones hooked up to it and no one loses power.  By the time we get home we all are able to get our phones up to at least 90% charged.
Overall I think this was the sturdiest case for the iPhone that looks attractive. Negatives are the clip and the lack of a protective film.
4069	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you're looking for a pair of headphones for when you work out, then these headphones succeed.
They throw in three separate mounts for different products.  There's one for iphone 1, iphone 3g, and ipod touch 2g.  My ipod touch 2g (without case) fit very snugly into the mount and requires two hands to remove, which i love and hate all at the same time.  I'm not at all sure whether ipod touch 1g's would fit or not.  I'm going to guess not.





4526	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Installation was pretty easy.  Has simple to connect power and ground connections.  RCA's plugged right into my stereo.  Couldn't use phone control lead as my head unit only has a "TEL MUTE" function;  it needed to use the signal to switch to AUX.  No problem, I do 99% of my listening from media from my phone.

8795	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This little gem came as a package deal with the Trent iCarrier. It doesn't have the same capacity as the iCarrier but it's not as heavy or as bulky either. The iTorch easily fits in a pocket. I always have one or the other with me when I'm away from home.
9242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered 2 of these.  I bent the clip on mine the 2nd day I owned it, and I use it on a belt.  My wife uses hers to clip on the edge of her pocket and the clip wasn't strong enough to hold.  Neither case would hold a Samsung S3 with a cover on it, and I'm talking only a MyBat cover, not one of the bulletproof Mil-Spec ones.  If you're using a smaller smartphone, or don't mind removing the protective cover, it would be an OK case, but even then it would have the crappy clips.
thats it! or at least all I can think of
Cons:
1484	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this headset to use in while driving. The connection is really good. I have small ears and it was always a problem for me to find a headset or earphones. Luckily this headset has 3 different pieces to fit in your ear. The only problem is that it is hard to put it on although very comfy afterwards. Recommended.

7757	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Overall, I've been extremely satisfied with Motorola's H7XX series.  I actually purchased the H710 and about the time the warranty was to expired I used it.  On Motorola's mistake, they sent me a H715 instead.  I didn't immediately notice though but little things were different.  The black shade was a little different and then I noticed "tones". Tones when I would connect, disconnect, etc. that I did not have with the H710.  I like both colors and they both go good with my original iPhone.  I think amazon has the best price on both of these... I would highly recommend them.  I am currently testing the Plantronics Voyager Pro and notice that it doesn't like my blackberry.  It works fine with my original iPhone but the voice quality isn't as great as it was with the H7XX series.  I'm returning it and requesting a replacement to see if it was just that one headset.  I'm really rooting for the PRO.  I find the H7XX series are easier to carry in the pocket as it folds nicely.  The PRO feels great and the smallest ear rubber piece works great for my ears.  I've had the headset on for hours and using the smallest ear rubber has worked the best. But enough of the Pro.  Thank you for your time.


These are the only types of cases I will buy for my phones. I think they are a great deal and do a great job of protecting your phone. They are easy to pop on and off although I leave mine mostly on as to not stretch out the plastic or accidentally break it.
Overall, this is an excellent, inexpensive headset, especially for people who wear glasses.  It's definitely tiny though so it's very easy to lose if you're not careful.
The Centro is smaller than previous Palm devices, namely the phenomenally popular Treo line, which virtually invented the smartphone industry.  I have gone all over the 'net looking for comparisons so I would have a good idea of how to compare the Centro to say the Treo 755p and I MUST say that looking at photos simply cannot do it justice.  On the surface, the Centro looks only slightly smaller than the 755p...but I ASSURE you in reality, it is much smaller...maybe too small.

- Multiple ear gel sizes
1435	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not the smallest or cutest bluetooth, but certainly the most reliable in my experience. I've had it for over a year and it still works perfectly, which is more than I can say for my previous bluetooth devices.
* It's really nice to wear a bluetooth headset without looking like a cyborg.
3804	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This device is really helpful not just for road warriors, but the average person who may have quite a number of devices that can be powered/charged by USB. It can handle and is fused at 20 amps.

I used Command velcro strips and stuck it to the dashboard by my right knee. It is out of the way, but still easily accessible. Love this charger so much!
5793	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this cover fits perfectly!  It lines up great and you can use the keys perfecty too.  It protects your keypad from the letters wearing off.


3948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've owned a Scala 500, a 700, and now the 700LX (in addition to a few models of Motorola headsets).  The Scalas absolutely have the best sound clarity, and handle wind noise far better than any Motorola I've used.  I only recently replaced my 500 (battery gave out after a couple years hard usage and it wouldn't hold a charge) with a 700, which I loved--until it made an unscheduled trip through the washing machine.  The 700LX is nearly identical to the 700, with one added improvement.  The earpiece on the 700LX, unlike the base 700, has a much stiffer wire for custom fit.  This way when you get it to fit, it is more likely to fit AFTER you mash it around in your pocket.  Another great feature is turning off the blue blinky LED, so you can be a bit more disreet when calling.  It has a bunch of other features, too many to list but most are useful. I'm surprised this brand isn't more commonly availabe in stores--it works outside in the wind, it has great sound, and is tiny.  What more can you ask for?
7802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great.

The manual should contain much more information.  The phone is better than what the manual projects.
Games: Yes, but that is not my criteria when buying a phone.
3) Do not expect to get 4G reception. It is not possible with this device
I own the previous model to this one (HBH-PV700) and the battery life is horrible, the only time I use it is at home where I can connect it to the charger between calls.  The HBH-PV705 is everything that the other one wants to be, it connects easy (I have a Samsung and Palm Treo) to any brand of Bluetooth phone, the call clarity is great and the battery life is fantastic, I have been using it for a week of 1 hour+ talk per day, and have not had to charge it yet, I do shut it off at night when not being used.
9824	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really don't feel as if I need to rate watch batteries, but I will. They are just what I wanted.

Meanwhile I tried iphone 3G, Motorazr2 V9 and Sony ericsson W580i... but now back to this powerful Nokia.

697	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this item a while back, but I remember that it was great item.  I would definitely recommend it.
- Web browsing.  Even when using my wireless internet and NOT EDGE, the browser would time-out or stall when loading web pages.  It often took me two or three attempts to load web pages.


2978	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Thanks VZ u messed up AGAIN!!!!!!! They mess up another signature phone with VZ's nasty user interface. Everbody hates the MENU style SO PLEASE STOP making every new phone have the same MENU STYLE!!!!!! nobody wants it!!!!!!! When will VZ ever get it RIGHT!!!!!!???????
1 month Update: I've been asked how they hold up with sweat (see below). No problem working up a sweat on the treadmill, but I must stress that I've not put in a summer run. I also must say that I do not expect longevity from a non-sweatoroof product, and that the s11 headphones are designed with a sweatproof nano coating. HOWEVER, since you asked, they still sound and work excellent. They bounce around running, but it's not intolerable... Just not ideal. BATTERY: I've used them every day since I got them, and often times days at the house studying all day and going to the gym. They last from morning to night constantly connected. I often forget I'm wearing them when I turn on my music and don't hear any sound from my phone/tablet.

2456	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Don`t Buy. Spend a little bit more if you want something that works well. Seriously, this item is of very poor quality. You will want to return it but it won`t be worth the hassle or the return postage. On the possitive side, the item arrived in just a few days.

9815	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What can I say,  they work and they are at a good price, and I didn't have to leave my home to get them.
That was the theory.  if you use anything other than lithium (very expensive) or alkaline (Poor performance) the positive contact will not touch. (I tried 6 different brands of rechargeables)
They also make these for Iphones, so I think I'm going to stop getting the stupid film that lasts a month if I'm lucky, and get the glass for our phones too.
3887	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really like this shower head because of the large diameter with increased distribution of water. Have a very low pressure water flow to my shower and the Thunderhead makes if feel like there is a more powerful flow.
3. Is sticks securely to the window even when it shakes a bit.  It shakes because we had to position the GPS off center to avoid pressing on that pesky volume button.
Used on my iphone 5 with case
1623	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had no issues. Sound quality and comfort are both good by me. Works very well with my phone's voice-activated dialing (a feature I'd never used, and never expected to).

Other than that it seems like it's good quality and will suit my needs.

* State-of-the-art sound.



1185	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Hard plastic case with a rubberized coating that feels great and does not come out of my pocket with lint or dust stuck to it. This case is easy to put in or take out of my pocket without it holding on to my pocket liner like a silicone/rubber case.
1755	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is a good basket for practice, quick set up, but 14 chains I have thrown discss through that at the course would have stayed.  But after looking at reviews and the other portable baskets I like this one and the price is very reasonable.  Recommend it, seems sturdy and should last a long time.  Nice to practice in the evenings after work.


Looks very cool- always getting complements.
3383	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is very easy to plug into your WII and into your TV. It works well, and the quality is good. It is definately worth getting.
I have probably used both the Palm and the phone more since I have had the Treo than I had used either one before I purchased it.
9347	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset has been better than I expected.  The sound is clear, my voice comes across great, and the battery life is very long.  I love this headset!
too heavy, but you can tell it's great quality.

6822	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great
2)  Since I am not a heavy cell phone user, I usually have my headset turned off to conserve on battery life.  When I get a call, I open the mouthpiece and it instantly connects and automatically answers the call.

I worried about the hinge breakage, but after examine, I found out why: when you use charge stand, fully extend the headband, and let the earpieces face each other to prevent breaking, or simply use AC adaptor or USB charge cable directly (the jack is located on the left)
5. Great at multitasking. At times, I have 5 programmes running. Just a few taps and you can switch between each of them painlessly.

4928	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased 3 of these through the seller WELLGOAL. Each had faulty and misaligned connectors, resulting in messed up audio. If you've ever pulled your headphone plug out slightly, and only heard echoey background music without the vocals, it sounded like that. All 3 were also slightly different lengths (bad quality control?). The adapters did not work on the following devices: iPod Nano 4th Gen, Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, iPod Touch 4th Gen, Kindle Fire HD.
4993	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Cannot keep the wire connected to my phone.


As for the fit of the headset, it is very secure on my ear.  Like most others, it hooks over the ear, which makes it fit a bit oddly with sunglasses or eyeglasses, but it isn't uncomfortable.  When I get a new headset/earpiece, one of the first things I do is to put it on and shake my head around a bit to test how securely it fits my ear.  This one didn't budge.  For me, this is a very important factor.  If I can't move my head naturally as needed while driving, then the headset impedes my ability to drive and I won't have that.
3793	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	NICE quality. I'm glad I took the time to look at many of the items offered before buying. This one is very nice and worth the price! The accessory sockets fit good and snug, it almost feels like they lock into place. There are all kinds of configurations on the market but this one handles the slightly higher USB output needed for iphones and ipads yet still works on other electronics such as my HTC Thunderbolt, and Jawbone. I like the idea that I can mount it with the optional tabs and screws included if I choose to. You won't be disappointed with this item.
6159	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pros:
I think the range is decent. It's fine for me to go out in the yard, but it starts to come and go around 30 ft away or so. When it fully cuts out, my phone goes into speaker mode, so anyone around my phone will hear the music -- or my caller ends up talking to an empty room while I rush back-- but I like that it doesn't hang up on them.
BTW, if anyone is comparing this item with the Scosche DIYBRH2... do NOT get the scosche GET THIS ONE.  I don't care what phone you have...the sound quality on this one is way better. And this is better priced.
7443	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bluetooth has lots of static as well as volume changing quite frequently. On top of this battery only lasts 8 hrs with about 20 minutes of talk time. Vendor has reassured me they are sending me a replacement. Have not recieved it yet but being optimistic.
PROS:
awesome speaker quality, especially for playing music
8728	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased for my son's phone.  It has a very clean look and was a breeze to install.  The value was great as well.
From now on, I decided not to buy any product from third party vendors at Amazon.com.  I would only buy them if they are sold and shipped by Amazon.com.
2056	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm very happy with my Jabra JX10 headset.  My treo 650 is very finicky but it works pretty well with the Jabra.  The Jabra JX10 is amazingly small and most people can't even tell I'm on a wireless headset (which is really amazing because everybody knows when my wife is on her Plantronics 640).
Recommended.

5958	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received the ITorch battery backup several weeks ago. It is compact and comes with two cables of different sizes and a velvet carrying case. It takes about 1 to 2 hours to fully charge and then it is ready for use. The ITorch battery backup will charge your cell phone in about 1 to 1.5 hours. I have really enjoyed having a battery backup for my cell phone. It has came in handy several times when I did not have access to an outlet for charging. I even charged my phone while walking the track one afternoon. I really love the convenience of having it in my purse at all times and it is simple to use. The only cons are there is only one button for the battery, the laser and the flash light. Sometimes it is takes a few tries to get the laser to cut off and I have not been able to get my flash light to come on. I would add a few more buttons and then it would be perfect! I even bought one for my daughter and she loves it. Great product!

The Fix
JIS "8" The equipment is usable for continuous submersion in water under specified pressure (Submersible)
1778	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Your first question is what other headsets am I comparing this to. See my reviews of the Motorola HS850, Jabra BT250v, Plantronics 320 Explorer for reference. Now let's consider this headset in terms of the four key performance categories: pairing, sound quality, ease of use, and comfort.

4564	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just upgraded from a Verizon Q.  AT&T shipped the phone quickly and the transfer of my number was an unexpectedly quick, easy, and automated process.  Great phone, easy to use.  A huge step forward for Motorola.

-Short battery life (gotta keep it small and cheap somehow)
2200	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone because I was sick of Sprint's contracts. It has been great for the following reasons:
9447	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I went from 1 bar to an (almost solid) 3 bars. I was hoping to get a little more than that but it is a LOT better than it was before! The signal thru the Straight Talk Home Phone now sounds clear instead of sounding like a cell call about to drop out.


The Voyager 510 is solidly build, has good volume, is clear on both ends has great battery life and is easily charged.  I can totally control the headpiece from the phone, so I never use the adjustment buttons on the headset except to answer/terminate calls and to power/depower the headset.  I have a Motorola bluetooth hands free speakerphone (also an Amazon purchase).  The Sony phone easily switched to which either the Voyager 510 or the Motorola speakerphone by simply pressing the "answer call" button on the desired headset. The 510 has greater clarity than the Motorola speakerphone, but the speakerphone works well for talking to relatives when my wife & I are driving.

+ Around $30.  One of the cheapest I've found for bluetooth headset
9153	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Knowing it come with half charge, I went ahead to charge it. After draining full charge, It won't charge anymore. I don't recommend this product and there are better alternatives.
8975	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We took it on a couple of long flights, and were very happy to have it.  It worked like a charm on the kindle fire, blackberry playbook and both of our android phones.  No problems.  This things does take quite a while to charge and it loses it's charge if you leave it in your bag for a couple weeks.  I haven't tested it to see how long the charge lasts, but I was surprised last time I went to use it.  I had fully charged it and left it in my bag as a backup.  Then one day I needed it and it was dead.  Bummer.  But overall I like it.  It's small, nicely designed and it works great.
Also, it's definitely scarred the interior on the car's carpeted ceiling.  There's nothing anyone could do about that, and I'd rather have two circular scars on my ceiling than my backseat ruined by my dogs.
* Be sure and use the foam boot on the microphone as well.  It does a great job of killing background noise caused by wind, your car vents, breeze from walking, etc.
  5.  Laser pointer and LED light are a nice touch
6857	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
7269	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	phone looks new, operates fine but program is a bit newer than my old one so the icons and keys work a bit different.  the sad thing is that after ordering the phone, my old one started working again???  don't know what happened but now i have two razrs -  the price was right!

cons:
Bottom line, if you want to add the safety of having a VHF radio with you while you kayak, I recommend the Cobra unit based on its price and its small size and weight.  I would not recommend it for heavier usage (like daily on a boat) because it is definitely made from cheaper materials, and will also not go very long on a charge/set of batteries.
1862	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product, definitely buying more..
*Excellent sound quality both for myself and the person with whom I'm speaking
The quality is good and I received it on time and in the advertised condition.
5. Five stars for design (especially for those of us who wear glasses)
+ Easy to use


The 2198 requires 2 of these batteries, so the five pack provides enough for 2 changes and one in case I drop it. ~lol~
8282	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work!  Came in 2 unmatched parts.  Seems as if cobbled together to try to get it for said device
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H300-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B0016L98XM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H300 Bluetooth Headset</a>
5842	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	BAD is not unlocked


1408	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exelent Product, Exelent Seller

Plantronics customer service is beyond compare.  Almost a year after I bought the headset, and it had a very hard year bouncing around in my purse with no case and occasionally being lost in my car or played with by my toddler, the ear nub wouldn't stay on.  I called and they sent me several to re-fit and I found one that worked, and stopped having the problem entirely.

2288	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Looks very cool.  Very convenient charging via USB port.  Not so good sound quality.  Audio has a lot of static tics and pops and that is the only reason I give this 2 stars.  Everything else is great.
2799	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Extremely disappointed in this product. It isn't the sellers fault, but the Razor can't hold a charge longer than 35 minutes.
5589	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I found this radio to be of exceptional quality. Works great on the lakes where I live.  If anyone is going boating, I highly recommend this radio. The best part of this radio is the weather channel. Keeps constant alerts coming in so there are no surprises.
The single-button implementation of enabling the various functions (battery on, laser pointer on, flashlight on), while efficient, takes a bit of getting used to. I'm the type of person who simply assumes that I can figure out how most things work without needing to read the manuals, and most of the time that's true. I had to check the manual in order to figure out how to turn the flashlight on, but that's not really a big deal, as once I learned how to do it, I haven't had to look at the manual again. Ultimately, though, the primary function of this device is to serve as a backup battery, and getting it to work in that regard is a no-brainer, and it works flawlessly for that.

3610	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THIS IS A GREAT PHONE COVER.

2497	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	While I will agree that the device works as advertised and the sound quality is pretty decent this headset has caused me more heartache in annoyances to outweigh any benefit.  If you buy this be prepared for the device to turn on and off at very in opportune times.....  but if you want to turn it off, thats a whole different story.  Powering the device on and off requires holding the button down for a certain period of time but the problem is that the time required seems to change each time you do it.  Add to this that holding the button down for a period of time shorter than the period of time required to turn it off is actually a redial function.  I have FREQUENTLY called someone just by trying to turn off the device.  The button is also entirely too sensitive.  I've had the device in my cargo pants pocket (where this would be very little pressure on the device) and the unit has turned on and actually called someone.

7958	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This item gets a dry-joint in the iphone side of the connection in a few short weeks. And then you're stuck with it.
4. Good battery life. I don't have to charge it often.
9139	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this battery pack to charge my droid phone and sometimes my ipod. With this battery I am confident I will have enough battery for the entire day- even with constant internet use. Best part is I can still use my phone while it is charging. I've also found that my droid phone only charges when the screen is on (if i am using it) and it is attached to this battery. I find this to be OK b/c the trent battery seems to turn off automatically if its not charging anything.

Only things i find wrong with the phone is that the keylock is useless, the keys for 911 are still active, so if you have it in a pants pocket and the volume isn't on off or vibrate you will hear the DTMF tones going off on every step. and you might accidently dial 911 in the process.


*Aesthetically pleasing minimalist design
The phone came with a charger and nothing else. I had to buy adapters to connect to USB (to charge, and to transfer data), and to use standard 2.5mm (1/8") stereo headphones. You will probably want to buy a lot of accessories to make the phone practical. They would be cheap except there is high postage, and no one seller has them all.
CONS:

- The signal. Even on a full charge, I can't wear my phone in the front: the Bluetooth antenna is in the back of the S9, and I'll get dropouts if the signal has to pass through me to get to the device. I have to clip my phone in the back so it's directly beneath the headphones, or mount it on the highest point of the treadmill in front of me. I also tried these on my laptop, and so long as I didn't lean back, they worked (my standard HS-809 headset does not have this problem).


Cons:
When I got up in the middle of the night I took the battery with me and used it's flashlight to go down the stairs.  The light worked.
I bought the wife a Samsung WEP200 for $15 more than the Motorola H300 and the Samsung rocks!


9482	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When I saw this product I had no idea that it was manufactured by a veteran company named Wilson Electronics. Little did I know that they had changed their name to weBoost, mostly to consumerize their brand name by making it more intuitive. The "we" still stands for Wilson Electronics, and the addition of "Boost" is there to let the consumer know what they do; "we boost your cellphone signal."
In summary, this is a great phone and can do a lot of features. I would be ecstatic if they could implement a "Garmin" type of GPS so I wouldn't have to pay so much for GPS from ATT. It's outrageous that ATT charges a separate GPS fee in addition to their media package fee.
3438	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I happened to crack my iPOD screen while trying to replace the battery (just my luck.) Amazon had this little gem and was a perfect fit for my iPOD 5th Gen video.


The case comes with three layers of protection as stated. The first is a plastic type membrane that covers the back and the front of the phone. If you are familiar with screen protectors then you will recognize that this is the same material just larger and formed to fit the phone like a glove.
4. Can send but NOT receive text message / MMS in which you

7885	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not much of a sound loss or any such issue. I am able to use the logitech wired headphones with this adapter for both stereo sound and microphone (for ip telephony and normal iphone calls).
2924	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife liked it a lot.  Great for ladies who doesn't want to carry a hand mirror.  Not great in bright sunlight but a mirror will do that anywhere there is sunlight.
6291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	So I only used my battery about 8 times over the past 9 months.  But no matter what the battery lived just past the 6 month warranty.  Beware when buying Lithium Ion batteries as they are known to have significant battery life problems.  They are good for being light and efficient, but the design of their cells are known to lose charge the moment it leaves the factory.


2847	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well built and works great! Priced right too!
- Scissors

8232	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was easy to assemble and install without any help.  It seems very secure and I don't expect any issues over time.  Nice fit in our Toyota Highlander.
* Battery pack is able to recharge my Nexus 7 tablet, and also my android phones without a problem. Charging time for my devices isn't noticeably slower than charging using the device's wall charger, which is great!
If you have to travel internationally, these things are a lifesaver. Instead of using travel adapters directly with your electronic devices, it might be better to use these to charge your devices. Just my two cents.
3. A single button operates the laser pointer, the led flashlight, and turns the unit on and off.  Having separate buttons would be better.  I do not like having to hold buttons for different durations of time to turn features on and off.
The LED flashlight is pretty basic. It's bright enough, but I haven't found much use for it. Same goes for the laser pointer. The unit has a nice form-factor for handheld usage, but barring an emergency I can't imagine using the iTorch over a standard pointer. Think of it as a really great charger with an emergency flashlight.

I like the built in camera and I find I don't miss having a Palm at all especially now that you can use Intellisync with the Sidekick 2 to sync all your contact/calendar information with your desktop computer. I never really liked stylus input on the Palm anyway and again the keyboard on the Sidekick is a lot better. The Blackberry units are nice however I still find the Sidekick more cool, easier to use and it has better instant messaging capabilities.
7190	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery has been very strong so far. My old battery was only lasting a few hours. This one has been on without a charge for over a day and still going. Saved me having to buy a new phone.

2)  Reception is good and internet is fast.
A737 AS A PHONE: 3 stars.
2667	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am very please and all product was delivered on time and if anyone is looking for a all in one product this would be the thing to buy.
5893	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excelent
NOT SO GOOD:
I highly recommend you try this headset for yourself.

A second less bulky indoor unit is to be placed indoors within range of the 25' cable.  This is the indoor antenna which I am guessing is what actually does the broadcasting and receiving of cell phone signals.  The antenna has to be placed facing the same direction as the booster.  You can expect more acceptable cell-phone coverage within the room it's installed in.
6141	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So far it has worked very well I can get about 1 and 1/2 charges or my phone which is perfect.
I saw the video, read the instructions, but still received no increased signal strength or call clarity by using this product.
The hunt continues and Plantronics says it does not have any bluetooth headsets for the 755P!







It's pretty small and will fit in a pocket if you absolutely have to.  The only bad thing I can say about it is the adapter to charge the battery is pretty much proprietary and it is bound to short out on the ends.  You can buy a new one for a few bucks, but the time it shorts is bound to be when you really need it.
3917	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has got to be one of the best showerheads on earth the adjustability is near infant and you can even gain some height on your showerhead. The sheer diameter of this thing will absolutely change your life if you were used to any other type of shower head. No reason to go out and buy some fancy chrome one when this thing gets the job done. I love the disbursement of water. I bought one for myself and for my family and it has seriously changed our lives.
8459	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	DO NOT BUY this crap. They say it's waterproof, but it's not. Mine dropped in salt water, for not even 2 secs, and started corroding and stopped working.$40 down the drain.

Neat unit, great to be wireless, I can get by with the minor things.  Price is steep and I guess I expected just a bit more volume and less fuzziness but I love the convenience.
9243	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Not much to tell. It holds my cell while I am at work. The clasp is steel but the nylon separates from it after a while so I order 1 or 2 a year.
6064	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use my phone pretty much all day long. YouTube, Tether, Texting, Facebook, Netflix, Games (FieldRunners 2 for Android - Plus many others), recording videos, taking pictures, and etc. It's a computer in your pocket. And NO MATTER HOW BIG your phones battery is, it's GOING to get low and you're going to scramble to find a charger. I can't tell you how many times I've had this charger in my pocket, CHARGING my phone! Yes, you can use a car charger, but say your phone is about to die and you can't leave your phone in your car or you'll miss an important call or text (or say your car doesn't charge your device while the key is not in the ignition - like mine...), you NEED to have your phone on you, but you know it's about to die. If you charge it on the way to the store, it's only going to get a few minute charge and then you pull it off and that only added a percentage or two to your almost dead battery. You can rest assure your phone is in your pocket (or purse, etc) .... CHARGING! So if it rings, you'll be able to answer it. This will more than top off your phones battery. If you're a person that uses wifi tether, that drains your battery FAST and this thing will provide you with security knowing that your phone can be recharged and used even longer, without being near a power source. If you find yourself with a phone that doesn't make it all day, you're a power user, or will be away from an outlet for a while... Save yourself time and money, and buy this thing!
The GPS is still quite a drain on the battery (as with N95), and not as useful as all the hype.

Best messaging out there
1090	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Work Great!
Not bad of a response for such a great price.
2939	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This adaptor is great and eforcity service is even greater. My order was shipped immediately, it was on course to arrive in time, however the tracker suddenly mentioned address not deliverable. On checking with USPS they mentioned some mix up at their end resulting in package going back. I sent two emails to eforcity. Got reply in 4 hrs from both, confirming their intention to dispatch another piece and re-confirming address. They shipped without waiting for earlier adaptor to come back. I got my adaptor in time for my out of country visit.
1529	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned several Bluetooth cell phone headsets, and the PLT 510 is the best so far. It fits my ear perfectly, I can wear it for hours without noticing it, and it gives great sound. I had no problem syncing it to my iPhone, and although I haven't tried any other devices, I anticipate no problems.

camera is very, very impressed, though not like real digital camera, the pics, even live view, is good, and transferrable to pc (through pc suite), and looks good on pc (640x480 is good enough for a phone)

Negatives:

Color screen is gorgeous inside, very nice outside.
Very comfortable, and I personally prefer the boom mic to be longer (unlike the newer models of this headset which have shortened mics).
3706	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have the shure glxd14, the bodypack fits perfectly in this. The Velcro straps makes it easy to put it on a strap and more importantly makes for a quixeeasy change if I want to switch instruments.yes the flap does cover the on/ off switch but it also is held on place by Velcro so its simple enough to acess.

I went with the following charger fro an Amazon 3rd Party for 17 bucks does it all:
2.  Your camera is manufactured with a glass protector that protects your actual LCD screen.  The film or hard plastic cover usuallly seen on cameras are actually protecting the factory LCD protector from being scratched. These GGS glass protectors look just like the factory one, except it says GGS and your camera name at the bottom instead of just your camera name.  The factory glass on my top screen was cracked, so I ordered a genuine Nikon part and replaced it.  When I installed the GGS protector over this, I couldn't tell them apart, so if your top screen glass is cracked, I'm pretty sure you could install this one instead of the Nikon part.  Unless you knew these were screen protectors, you woudn't even know they were installed.  They integrate that seemlessly with the factory look of the camera.
Jan. 2010 update
9600	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this when I switched from AT&T to T-mobile. TM's signal is much weaker and doesn't penetrate my apartment like ATT's does in downtown San Francisco.  The signal is OK pretty much everywhere else so I got this booster for home.  Does it work? Probably, if you are willing to drill a hole in your wall, run the cable to the roof, have a spare outlet and are willing to put up with the extra electricity charge and equipment necessary.  My landlord will not let me drill or install the cable.  I tried putting it in a couple of windows and it didn't improve the signal at all; apparently not high enough.
1464	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I performed well, the audio was great, connectivity was easy.  But it was too big for my wife's ear so we had to return it.
For the paid price of $5 (assuming my rebate shows up), this was a steal.  For me to give this 4 stars, honestly I have had to use two workarounds:
7641	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this little gem after reading both good and bad reviews, and deciding almost anything would be better than the over-hyped Plantronics 655.

Looks good
8000	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised. There is a similar cable on Amazon that is a few cents cheaper, but this cable supports charging from a USB port! It works great with my T429. My carrier wanted to charge me $25 for the same cable.
1534	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my third Bluetooth headset, and I'm quite satisfied with it. The first was a Nokia which worked well, the second was the Plantronics Voyager 510. Both were small enough that I lost or misplaced both of them!  I liked the Voyager 510 well enough that I replaced it with another.

~ Ana Mardoll
I'd certainly recommend this and it's much better than a thing stuck in your ear making you look like something from the Borg in Star Trek - that's unless you want to look like a Nerd!
4914	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works as advertised
The bad:
3229	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this prodct for my blackberry pearl, it is wonderful and fit perfectly in all the right places.  I no longer have to worry about finger smudges.
- Very portable retractable cable reduced cable tangling.
8063	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this product based upon the excellent reviews it received.  Unfortunately, in the real world its just not even close to what you would expect.  The volume is just too low, even when set to max.  I could not even tell when people answered the phone.  If I had to do it over again I would get one of those units that work through the car speekers.

679	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice and big. I use it to set a "take out" container of dinner on my dashboard when I have to eat on the job. It's doing the job just fine. My food hasn't spilled yet!
If you call them today, July 15'th 2008, you will get through the prompts until you are given a wait-time and then the systems tells you to call back later and hangs up on you. I'm not surprised at all. They got rid of 80 % of their customer service workforce.

Features:  I have always liked Nokia. This phone is no exception (except one which I will discuss later).  It is a clam (ie. flip) phone and is almost as slim as (but slightly lighter than) my Motorola RAZR. I like the menu layout of the Nokia. The camera is up to 1.3 Megapixel resolution (settings of 1,024x1,280, 960x1,290, 600x800, 480x640, 240x320, and 120x160).  The photos are decent in daylight, but not too great in poorly-lit areas (but that goes for every camera phone I've ever encountered).

Thanks.
The second layer is a hard case that snaps around the phone holding the first in place and the third is a silicone shell that covers the second layer and keeps the whole package together like a suit of armor. On the yellow phone you are seeing the yellow is the hard case and the black is the silicone case. The black case is identical just all black.
72	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this is a great product, product shipped extreamly fast, no problems or defects with product, recommended buy for anyone. A+
Tip:

7484	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Nokia 5310, aka "The Music Xpress", is one nifty little phone! Sure, it's no iPhone, but if you want something that got just about as many bells and whistles for a little less money, you want this phone.
I bought this instead of a car charger because I am not always in the car long enough to get a good charge.
Hello guys, up for reviews today is a phone I once used for tracfone the motorola c139.
6939	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I needed some batteries for 3 different watches that ran out of batteries.  Luckily they used the same type/size of battery (I guess it's quite common).
5812	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product saved me from having to purchase a new phone years ago. I'd still recommend it today!
9755	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great deal
4567	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The older reviews seem to regard these screen protectors as a decent product but the new ones they seem to be sending out are absolutely horrible. You get three pieces of flimsy plastic and when applied there are hundreds of little bubbles that are impossible to push out. Wiping it down gently with a microfiber cloth causes dozens of light scratch marks that can easily be seen. Horrible quality, horrible product. DO NOT BUY.
docked a star because the cable it came with was faulty out of the box. used one of my own cables and everything's great.
2. The lights are cool
- Blue-tooth headset interaction required rebooting after every third call.
2678	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Poor quality. Waste of my money
Ipad - 3rd Gen w/ Retina Display
I'd like to note its keypad that you have to get used at first.
Sound quality: Like a normal cell phone. No echoes, boominess or any such thing.
So while I would not classify this car booster as plug n play.... with a little pre purchase diligence and possibly help from tech support, the product delivers as advertised, with the added safety benefits of reducing RF exposure to yourself!  Hope this helps with your buying decision.



My friends are now going to buy this for themselves.
-Uses Sprint Vision (Not Power vision - EV-DO) so I didn't need to change my plan. -but this may be a con for others-
8228	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Fairly easy to assemble, and not too bad to take down and put back up as necessary. Could be better assembly instructions.  Had to use some trial and error on where to place the nuts and bolts to allow proper extension of the panels.
  Initial pairing was flawlessly simple, but if you lose your connection while driving on an expressway, for example, trying to reconnect turns you into an accident waiting to happen.
2240	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A vital add-on for my mirror mounted dashcam (ZeroEdge Z2). Works great, no issues after ~3 months.
So basically, if you have full bars (a strong signal) outside of your home, then the boosted signal inside your home will be greater. I want everyone to know this. DO NOT BE MISGUIDED!!!! This system is only as good as your signal outside your home. If you have FULL strength outside your home and have no signal strength inside your --- a basement for example, then, you will have good coverage in your basement room ONLY.
* Plenty of volume.
I'd buy it again and would recommend it to friends that are trying to avoid putting in a home phone or to those who want to get rid of their home phone but aren't sure they'll be content with their service.
And maybe it's just T-Mo or the phone/T-Mo combo, but the Dash has great service.  In my twelve years of cell phone usage and different local carriers (PrimeCo-Verizon, Sprint, AT&T-Cingular, this is my first time I will say I have GREAT cell service.  I was so used to dropped calls with Cingular, it feels weird not having dropped calls anymore; sometimes those dropped calls came in handy when the conversations lagged, y'know?

I would have taken a flip phone over this huge brick phone in a heartbeat... But there is none, so, with that said, the Treo 650 is okay.  More steps back, a few steps forward, but no other choiuce.
*It looks cool
A helpful device for all Navigon GPS units; intend for those users who wish to have their unit mounted to the dash. 5 Stars


Attention engineers.. thanks for the foresight in giving the user the options to disable the flashy blue lights.
703	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was going to buy a new PlayStation 3 and a few games when I stumbled across this offer for Regulatory Fee! I really couldn't resist and in fact next to being torn with the temptation of ordering a Rolex, ordering the PS3 or pulling the trigger on this one, I found an uncontrollable urge and my mouse going crazy to do a left click.
855	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my first review of a product. Anyway, here we go.

No case is perfect, but I am very pleased with this one.
6725	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
9524	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We live in a rural area in a mobile home and can get a signal standing out in the pasture on one leg holding our mouth just right... LOL  In the house, we would often have no signal at all or we would have to have our ear to the window facing south to be able to talk and then we still had a lot of static and cutting out.  Once we installed this, the signal inside went to -61 (-60 is supposed to be near perfect, or so I've read online) and my phone has a max of 4 bars and it is sitting at either 3 or all 4 most of the time now in most every room of the house.  Even with an ice storm the last couple of days with high winds, we still have our signal!  YIPPEE!  I would highly recommend this booster!
7303	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered a unlocked cellphone because one of my phones was having problems when I dropped it. It toils not work the same however THE phone Amazon send me was a prepaid phone but I just needed a unlocked phone too transfer all my info to. When I ordered my phone I was very thorough in telling the agent what I needed. However I'm reading this service unsatisfactory because of what they sent
For some reason I cannot change the # of stars I originally assigned, but it should be a two-star product, not 4 stars...
8886	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this unit (along with the NT135 and IMP120D) as I travel a bit internationally and needed back up power for my two iPhones.  This unit has proven to be useful and reliable for recharging my phones when and as needed.
1602	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great sound, great transmission. Lightweight, comfortable.  Maybe not the easiest to get on as it curls around the ear...or I'm just challenged.  However, once mounted, it's pretty secure!
Haven't noticed any decrease in charge capacity over more than 10 cycles so far.  I'm purchasing another one for my GF to keep her phone powered for the gym after work.

6300	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my iPhone but as most people know, their battery life isn't the best.  I didn't want to buy a semi-permanent fixture to my phone to extend the battery life either.  I found the IMP500!  It is the perfect iPhone companion.  It is small enough to fit in my pocket or briefcase, it's capacity is large enough to charge my phone from almost being dead to full charge more than few times, and with its' USB port, I am also able to charge my bluetooth headset.  When you're done charging, you simply put it away!  One cable charges the device itself, then is used to charge your phone.  I love this thing so much that I don't leave the house without it.  I even got one for my brother-in-law for Christmas and now he tells all his friends about it too.  Trust me, THIS is the external battery you want for your iPhone.  Now I want to buy their external laptop battery.....
5306	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I ordered this thing to use for my smokes when I am at work. This thing has held up pretty well and keeps them dry. I would highly recommend.
7574	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I picked this up to use with my Galaxy Note 3 and simply have not been that pleased with it.  Everyone has their opinions and I am just not crazy about it, but it does hold the phone well.
The design of the cradle is flexible to use other phones of different sizes; however, I don't have one of the newer large screen phones.
3820	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very nice. I got them because my wife is somewhat careless with her Bleckberry. The soft case has protected it from short drops, tosses to tables (yeah, I know)

1121	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
The first call I received was fairly important, and I told the caller to let me know if they had ANY difficulties hearing me.  During the five minutes we were on, I drove on different surfaces (some quite rough) and was up to 60 mph approximately half of the time.  Towards the end of the call I asked the caller if they'd been able to hear me OK; they wondered what I was talking about and stated that everything had sounded GREAT on their end.
 Then I asked about their product warranty - I even have a product warranty card - he said, "call the seller first or return it to them!"....
1) Quite possible the sexiest phone around
The cons FAR OUTWEIGH the pros.  I was extremely disappointed by this phone because I heard such great things about the previous version, the Pearl 8100.  The 8120 is flimsy, has manufacturing defects, and is very unreliable.  I'll never buy another blackberry again.
6533	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Love the idea. But the metal connection to the amplifier from the antenna is RED HOT. I'm not saying it's warm, it's hot enough to burn me by barely touching me. I want to give 5 stars. I just want to do it painlessly. Please contact me ASAP
  2.  The instruction manual is very awkward.  I couldn't understand how to turn the LED light on.  I also didn't like the labeling of the included cables.  Makes you think you can only use them with the Android devices.



9529	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I installed the device and it works.  Only one shortcoming and that's range.  Though I didn't get anything like full bars, I did get excellent reception near the indoor antenna.  I called the help line at Wilson and they said what I was getting was good as the DT denotes Desk Top, it's meant to be used in a limited area.

5388	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The item itsself is fine.  Quality is OK.  Problem is that it does not fit the Motorola Razr V3.  The case is 3/4 inch too long and the phone flops around in the case.  Also, it's too deep.  Once down in the case, the phone is hard to get out.  Quality is fine - just doesn't fit the phone.  I'll have to find another use for the case.
Good battery life
7187	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast Shipper.  Battery came fully charged.  It has been in my phone for about 36 hours.  I have talked about 100 minutes and it is still showing a full charge.  Manufacture date is 2009 and seems to be a new old stock that I have NO issues with.  I would recommend this battery as well as the seller.  Great price.
9088	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP52D portable charger is just that, portable. About the same weight
4347	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
3122	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These things are great.  For smaller devices, they go on well.  Although they didn't fit too well on my EVO 3D since it was too big to cover the entire front device.  However, it fit on my digital cameras without a problem.
4684	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Since buying the Lunatik protective case, I needed a larger carrying case, this fits perfect, may need to buy a back up one.
7844	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this audio dongle for the sole purpose of using it in conjunction with my iPad Mini's LifeProof Fre's deep recessed headphone port & my Monster iSport Victory right-angle jack.  The jack's housing fits & passes Left & Right audio channels but I can't control a fully-functional in-line controls of my Monster iSport Victory in-ear earphones.  No matter how much I twist the connection to make it connect, I couldn't use the in-line controls.  The cable seems thin & I'm concern that it might not last as well.  iPad Mini on iOS 6.1.3 while the iPad 2 is on iOS 7.0 if it matters.  I'll update this review once I get the chance to try it with my Beats MixR headphones (in-line control cable also have a right-angle jack).
The only problem I had was not placing the mount in the correct position on my Droid.  I just had to remove and reinstall and it works fine.
4697	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does the job no matter in what country you are. A little bulky but that is to be expected to be able to adapt to any kind of outlet
2811	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This battery is worse that the one year old battery that I was replacing. It only lasts about 33 to 40% as long before it needs to be recharged.  I am going back to using my old battery.

4817	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product fits perfectly. Easy to install and fits snugg to phone. Exactly as described. Will be ordering from again.

- gently squeeze the nipples to clean
The quality is great as it doesn't feel like cheap plastic. It has a nice solid but smooth texture to it.
  3.  Quick charging.

1241	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had these in the past, lost the last one. Works great, I would recommend, wife like the smaller one though.
I liked the shape and how it fits in my hand. High quality look is a plus.  Pouch provides protection against scratches.  Light weight & small size makes it portable.  It makes pocket bulky and depends on the pocket size, but wasn't too bad to carry both phone and iTorch.  Flashlight & laser pointer are nice and they could come handy, but I didn't find them useful.  Flashlight wasn't that bright, but could be used in emergency.  I'd rather not have flash & laser pointer if it can be cheaper.
7335	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	finally got the phone after waiting 3 weeks...remember this seller is from china...and no the phone will not take a charge...the battery upon closer inspection is cracked...nice..i haven't even been able to use the phone yet...will order new battery...this seller is suspect...the phone looks good but the seller shipped the item with the battery in the phone>>>not to thrilled about this purchase...
Case is good, slim and stylish. Just enough grip on the side to hold secure in your hand, but still slide in your pocket easily. Front is raised enough to protect the screen when set down.
7711	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I wanted something to protect my investment and this product did its job perfectly. The iPhone is snug in its case and has easy access to the buttons and does not block the service signals.  The only con is that it may be a bit bulky at first and if you want to take the iPhone out to dock it, it takes awhile to get used to. But once you get used to taking the iPhone out and putting it back in, it is a great case overall.
3 - No builtin WiFi. Need I say more? You'll have to spring for an expansion card. Ooops, there goes your storage!!!
My Sony Erickson Walkman phone lacka a standard head set adapter, so Bluetooth was the only practical solution.  I read most of the reviews and tried several bluetooth from Plantronics, Motorola, and Sony.  I purchased and returned a mid range Motorola and the high end Plantronics. All except the high end Plantronics were barely audible and the Motorola was very hard on the person at the other end.  The Plantronics high end had good volume control, but it had a very poorly designed ear attachment and an equally hokey charger.  The high end Plantronics did have a barely noticable higher clarity on the other end in poor reception situations.

3396	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked as advertised. OEM Quality at a super low price means great value. If you need a component cable look no further. Have fun!
5646	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My old charger stopped working, tried just replacing the tip and sure enough it works well again!!  Fits perfectly and sends a good current.
Item was better than expected! Great design & feel of leather.
5517	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This NO is exactly what I was looking for - This NO is exactly what I was looking for -
7233	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The razor is the one and only phone my husband will use. This one replaced the one he wore out. He loves it!
7706	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK!
6376	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this case because the Samsung phone is quite a bit larger than my last phone, and I needed a convenient way to carry it around without it being in the way.  I am always sitting things down and forgetting them - I never can find the TV remote.
- Voice dialing is sketchy without MS Voice Command

- good volume makes for easy listenin friends on the other side of the line
8880	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After browsing through all kinds of portable battery chargers, I chose the New Trent iTorch battery charger. Not because it starts with an "i" but it looked attractive and ultra portable. It is a little heavy, but it was expected with a 5200 mAh battery. The day I received it, it came with more than 75% charge, which I used on a dead HTC one. After giving it a full charge, it was still not off, working like a hero! I like how the indicators show you how much charge is left on the device. Plus it comes with a USB cable which you can use to charge it and then to charge your phone. You can just put it in your pocket with your phone while charging it and you won't even know it's there! I don't really use the laser and flashlight on it but it's a must have while you're out camping or just when you need to use your phone without having to worry about a dead battery.


CONS:
1149	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	With USB 3.0 on the horizon, I didn't want to spend a lot for a
9689	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted
This basically negates whatever need I had to carry a laptop unless I'm on an extended business trip.
-simple to pair and operate
7598	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is Small Compac and this job I am very happy with it and I will use it a lot thanks Amazon this is just what I've been waiting for
4600	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Cutest salt/pepper set ever!
9105	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm starting school at Berkeley this fall. I have iPhone 4 which I use A LOT in college. However, it's impossible to charge my iPhone on campus. So I bought this portable battery. Then my phone last all day long!!! From 8:00am to 7:00pm, still have 60%. And the iTorch? I just use it to charge my phone for 30mins. It stills shows a full battery. I charge this iTorch once a week or every two weeks. It really holds a lot of juice.
1590	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My wife bought me this as a birthday present to replace my Motorola H605 which was very comfortable, but picked up every single sound with-in a 20-foot radius.  So much so, that is was nearly un-usable in a car with a loud A/C.
Pros:
I'm not sure why this phone isn't much more popular. I feel so much more at ease now that she has it, with a firm understand that it is for emergencies only!  *So much so that when I was calling her, she told her sitter she wasn't going to answer since it's only for emergencies. lol
** USAGE ** Turn water on to your favorite temperature and insert your glorious naked self under the shower head. Look up at the nipples. Yes, there are 90 nipples up there. Very supple nipples that can be squeezed for cleaning. With so many nipples I don't think I'm ever leaving the shower ever again. The 90 nipples provided me an even pressurized rain all over my smelly carcass.
One key feature was it's ability to handle more than one device.  This means you can create a connection to two different phones.  So if you have a second phone, you can use the same headset with both without re-establishing the link.


1689	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it is work well,  good designer, I like it
5069	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Like skeptical lawyer said... The only 2 * on this phone.... Be careful they will charge you... Anyways... Now onto the review... I have had enough time with it to figure things out and gotten used to my phone...
1) Voice isolation doesn't work even with the latest upgrade (v4.3).  I've tried it INSIDE my car with the windows UP and no radio, and the receiver actually told me that it was picking up A LOT of background noise. In fact, the receiver wanted to hang up because it was THAT BAD.  Even at voice isolation MAX, it would pick up a lot of interior noise when it was DEAD quiet in my car, could this have been a defective unit? MAYBE.
6259	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When I purchased my iPhones, the first thing that I found was that the battery life ended around 10:30 AM.  This was NOT good.  So I began my search for a batttery backup assist.  I looked on the web at all of the then advertised external battery cases and external batteries and found the IMP500 at then IMAX, which was since bought out by New Trent.  I chose it because it had a 5,000ma capacity and was about the same size as my phone, which made it more convenient to carry arround.  It came with attachments that allowed me to also connect my BlackBerry phones as well.  I really like the retractable cord).  The only problem that I had with it was that it would periodically get turned on in my pocket, but they very quickly modified the unit with an automatic shutdown to prevent that from happening.  I have been very satisfied with my battery pack since its purchase when they first came out with them.  My co-workers, friends, and family members have used it on several ocasions when there batteries died, and I still had backup for mine when needed because it allowed me to charge up 4 1/2 to 5 phones before I needed to recharge it.  I have since purchased others, but I still like this one the best.  I don't have the version that automatically shuts off because I purshased mine before that time, but it doesn't create a problem for me, but if you purchase one today, it will have that functionallity.  I take mine with me on horseback rides out in the country over the weekends and have plenty of extra power when needed.  I have considered purchasing another one because others keep borrowing mine to charge up their phones.  Great product!
3345	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GRACIAS!
7023	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	According to the specifications this headset supports Bluetooth 1.2, as well as the Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) and the Audio Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP). I could not get any sound to come out when connected with my Sony Ericsson w600i in phone or Walkman mode, and people could not hear me when I called them. I tried every setting possible, read the instructional booklets for each device and the thing still wouldn't to anything when connected. I am guessing that this headset works fantastically with any Motorola device, but as far as I'm concerned this product is guilty of false advertising. After this experience I do not plan on buying any Motorola Bluetooth devices.
My only gripe is that I'm not overly fond of the dark brown color.  Would probably have preferred the light brown, but it's not worth the hassle of exchanging.
1472	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great wind noise reducing headset.  Works well in any condition. Light weight even though it appears to be bigger than some units.  Most comfortable fitting headset I've ever used. If I had one negative thing to say it would be that sometimes people tell me that I need to speak up while using the device but that is very rare and could possibly have to do with me and not the device itself.
I received this product for an discount in exchange for my unbiased and honest review.


1) Price:  You will not be able to find an unlocked phone anywhere near this price.  If you did, it wouldn't be nearly as good at what it does.
Reception poor

7603	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I plugged it into an outlet in Singapore and low and behold electricity came out the other end.  It's not crafted like a swiss watch but it's also not $200 so I'm more than happy with my experience.
Initial pairing was a breeze and the 700 connects to my phone flawlessly on virtually every call.  In the two weeks I've owned it, I think it failed to connect on two occasions and I make well over 50 calls/day.  This compares to the 75% connect rate I realized with other BT headsets.
4281	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this to replace my original Roadster...which had lasted 5 years or so.
2513	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install and it works!!!  I received this product at a discount or free in exchange for an honest review.

8050	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, very good quality. At an affordable price. 100% recommend the product, is all that is expected, it meets my expectations. Thank you very much.
bonuses for me. :) ~Dawn W.
RESULT - installation was simple
* Well-built
3658	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Can tell a difference where I live. Back in the hills. Actually receive a little better reception. Helps out!
3444	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this from New Harbor here on Amazon. It arrived 7 days from my date of purchase.... and that's an East to West coast shipment with a weekend thrown in. The screen arrived in a bubble envelope with 6 tools and a guitar pick! The screen was not protected from the tools in the envelope but the screen was in perfect condition.
5100	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised. There is a similar cable on Amazon that is a few cents cheaper, but this cable supports charging from a USB port! It works great with my T429. My carrier wanted to charge me $25 for the same cable.

If you're a PDA power user, you especially should steer clear of the Treo 700w if you wish to stay productive. It will not only hold you back, but it will aggravate you, break trains of thought, interrupt your workflow and make you wait in line at the Verizon store when you finally decide to abandon it and get something else.
This mobile charger is small and compact and will provide multiple charges for your USB device.  Also note that this charger has one USB port, where some chargers have two.

The laser pointer and light are ok, but not outstanding.  We didn't buy it for those features, anyway.

2992	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I hung on to my old v60i in the hope that Motorola would fix their user interface, this one is substantially different, but the bad features of the v60i remain. The side buttons.

6608	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am pleased with this product!  Without it, we'd have to stand on a corner of our driveway to use our cellphones, but now we can do it from the convenience of our home.



-Ability to onboard video to the camera...but if this is important, go with a 240x320 display phone (like the Cingular 2125). Res is too low on this phone to be pleasing to the eye.
  3.  Quick charging.

Either way, love it, very useful, and totally worth it!
-Takes quite a while to recharge (I usually leave it charging over night).
We had the phone on AT&T and it was for a 11 year old. Simply by plugging in the sim card it was working. No set up required. The phone could be used to send or receive texts but because the screen is basically a calculator, it was not pleasant and the kid didn't use it at all. She lost the phone once and it was easily replaced without costing us more than re-purchasing it from Amazon. Going to ATT for a new sim card was all that was required.
That's what one looks for in a Bluetooth headset, and the Cardio 700 delivers. What more need be said?
-speakers sound fuller and not teeny
Galaxy or any similar size
3671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I figure I saved 90% by ordering this product and I'm quite happy for it.  Product arrived exactly as expected in a timely fashion.

2810	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is the 3rd "OEM" battery I bought via Amazon Marketplace -- as with the others, it was terrible. I ordered form the OEM shop a BR50. They sent a BR56 which is supposed to be even better with 3 hours talk time. It did not last 30 minutes after a complete overnight charge. Nowhere as long as the battery I am trying to replace which lasts over an hour instead of the original 2 1/2 hours.

I ultimately kept the BT8040 and returned the 510 because of some shortcomings of the 510.  First, it is tricky to get on and off.  It took me a long time to figure out how to put it on using one hand, and it takes some fumbling.  It's far easier and faster to use 2 hands to put it on, but this is a hassle, and frankly looks stupid when you're doing it.  I don't like wearing it all the time because it is big and the darn blue light flashes all the time, grabbing the attention of others around you.  I feel like I'm on exhibit when I try to wear the 510 around others.  Finally, the 510 is not a good shape for keeping it in your pocket, and it's large enough that the phone and the headset in the same pocket isn't usually workable.  Which brings us back to the dog and the chewed up headset.  Because of its poor pocketability, I would tend to leave it on the desk or table when not in use.  Doggie finally figured this out.

I was at the Seahawks game and talked with my wife on the headset - she could hear me clearly (although it was so noisy I had a difficult time hearing her). I switched it to "voice isolation max" while I was pulling some noisy toters over rough asphalt while speaking with a friend and was told that my voice was totally clear.
The lines you can see on the picture do 'fit in' with lines on the bottom, so if you have two of the same size they will stack and will not slide side to side, though they will slide front to back. The carabiner attaches to a protrusion only about 1/4" wide, which seems like the first thing that would break off given any abuse, and the latching mechanism is easy to use but secure.
- Durable
On the plus side, the flip phone style makes it small enough to fit into my palm.  The sound is good, and the international capabilities (check with your plan) make it more versatile than some of its competitors.  I love that I can create my own wallpaper and screensaver with just a few intuitive key strokes.  Eventually, the sound features, with Motomixer and personalized ring tones, will also be great - as long as I find a driver.

the phone is kinda bulky, and a bulge on cam cover, but it's pretty comfortable and firm to hold, making messaging is a good pleasure
1415	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for years now and not one issue. Great product!
On a far lesser note, I wish the interface was more clean or, at the very least, allowed the user to change it more.  For example, on other phones things like alarm clock, calculator, etc. will get group together within a single folder.  Here they all get their own menu choice.  This creates unneeded clutter.  I'd like to be able to group them together.  And speaking of alarm clock - for a business oriented phone, this function is poor at best.  It completely lacks a timer function.  For example, if you want to take a quick 15 minute cat nap you have to go in and program the alarm clock to go off at a specific time instead of just setting it for 15 minutes.


Comes with 15 amp fuse on opposite side of inputs.
5130	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I long resisted getting a cell phone simply because I don't like making myself available to the entire world at all times.  I like being a bit inaccessible.  But too many incidents where having a cell phone arose and so I decided to get a Tracfone package with the Motorola W370.  I've had absolutely no problems like catalogued in some of the other reviews.  I do live in Chicago, which like most major cities is heavily blanketed with relays for cell phones.  Not once have I not been able to get service (except, of course, when the EL goes underground).

7668	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got my phone a few days ago and didn't read the previous reviews as i should was in a rush. But here it goes you don't get the 2gb which is not indicated by amazon but 419MB exactly. this really isn't an issue for me because i have an 80GB ipod and i wouldn't use the phone as a media player in most situations just for custom rings for some of my friends. If the average song you put on is 5MB u could out about 89 songs on it which is unlikely for me. and let alone if you gonna cut the songs for playing custom address contact rings anyhow it is enough. But it has surprised me i do get a better quality signal and physically a beautiful phone. Just hope amazon are more clear on some of their labels for items you would have a less customer dis-satisfaction ratio. If you tell the customer exactly what to expect then why would they be bothered sometimes amazon is too vague. But all in all a good phone and the no warranty sucks but that can't be helped it is from aboard

But remember, it's just the Stand alone, NOT a Stand-plus-Charger.
5423	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks for the service, is very good!
I spent less than $2 a cable and now can't return them. I know the saying goes, "you get what you pay for" but I didn't realize that I COULD NOT return defective merchandise!
7022	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am extremely happy with this headset.  I have purchased numerous others, including the Aliph models.  This is the best headset for listening, especially with my loud car.  People can hear me very well when I am driving in my convertible with the top down.  No other bluetooth has performed like this for me.
It seems that phone manufacturers are finally standardizing their charging ports.
Wonderful product!
7166	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this on a recent road trip when I left my mobile phone's OEM AC charger behind.
Comfortable to Hold

Although marketed for Apple products, there wasn't a Apple USB cable provided for me. The iTouch might break if I drop it. I wished there was some sort of cushion like rubber to protect it but I understand that rubber is an insulator and that may cause the battery to overheat. The minimalistic design looks great but it forces the user to read the manual to understand how to turn on the laser, flashlight, and the charge function. It takes a long time to recharge the iTorch to full capacity. I wouldn't buy this to use with an iPad or any other tablet. It's just not worth the charging times.
7333	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	won't buy this product again. It worked for a month then stopped
3) Do not expect to get 4G reception. It is not possible with this device
9700	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent fresh batteries that last a long time. Price is hard to beat, a 5 pack here will cost you less than one battery in the store.
iPod Touch (4th Gen) as Bluetooth Source

I have received compliments on the sound (so much better than the wired headsets I used to use), it is great not to have to constantly fiddle with a cord that gets stuck somewhere, and with the jabra gel it stays in even when my 1 year old is banging me on the head :)
I use it with a T-Mobile Dash phone. It is easy to pair up and the initial code for set up is 1234. Before this phone, I used it with a Razor. It connected well with both phones. Occasionally, you have to turn the ear piece on and off a few times before the phone finds it and connects, don't know if that is an issue with my phone, the ear piece, or just bluetooth in general.
Overall, this is a great headset at a good price.

7807	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It feels cheap and a bit too flexible, but for just over a dollar, I'm not sure what I expected. I'm don't know about in-line pause buttons, but the mic on my headset works through these. The only issue is that the 3.5mm cutout on my iPad case is particularly small, and I actually had to cut off a little more plastic off this (easy with scissors or a razor blade). Once I did that, it worked. The seller I bought from (cellularfactory) also included a cheapo stylus - I wish they'd not bother with useless things like that, and spend the money making the product I actually ordered a little higher quality.



Looks good

230	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	it does what it promises. normally I'd start charging when it's 50% left, and it does the job. it won't give 100% if the phone dies, maybe 70% charge. it doesn't have much grip, although it's not as slippery as the phone. and it adds extra length to the phone. not too much bulk.


  3rd. Problem, any time he touches the screen the music and or the Camera comes on.

Things I don't know about:


In short - if you're shopping for small, sleek, light mobile phone with all the basic functions plus some added musical ones, this is your perfect choice. It's hard to get anything better for the money.

2007	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this one because i miss the old slim fones and bored of the big tablets and phablets of noawadays but i regret wasting money on this product because refurbished can never be as good as new or even close to it: many functions not working, buttons jammed, speakers damaged,,etc
20	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	really pretty! ive had a couple gems come off, but it comes with glue, so its easily fixable. i like it
Battery life is excellent; I estimate about 5 hours maybe 6.
It's real cool that the 1-press keys for Calendar, Contacts and Email have different modes.
IT HURTS THE EAR.  The part that fits in ot the ear is large and hard edged and after about a 1/2 an hour it starts to hurt.  There is no option fro a smaller piece and it is quite hard.  It was this that prompted me to replace the head set finally.
4663	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Poorly designed. I won't use it because I worry about losing my phone.


7344	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Got it new and stopped working a week later:(
The letters are blocky, so how do you send and receive text messages?  2 years later, and I'm still haven't found out.
9401	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work at all for me. You have to have a minimal signal first. What's annoying is that they don't tell you that anywhere. It took three emails to support to find this out. Very disappointing. For reference, I get one or zero bars where I was trying to use it.
6020	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch IMP52D External Battery Pack is an Awesome product! I love that
Recommended!

4468	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A long-time Motorola phone user now converted. Not only is this phone lightweight and amazing looking, it's feature packed.
I have had good reception; it has worked wherever there was any cell reception.

2447	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Small, cute with a clip that you could hurt someone with.  O yes, H500 headset fits very well with a retaining strap and Velcro to make sure it stays there.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-BLT-04-Bluetooth-Headset-Carrying-Case/dp/B000GAZPZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola BLT-04 Bluetooth Headset Carrying Case</a>
Further, once you set it up, you can only use it on one ear. Other headsets (like Plantronics ones for example) allow you to swivel the earloop to switch ears if you get tired of using it on one ear. The Jawbone doesn't do this.
220	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	sorry i'm not super exited, it is just a "phone charger", seems like a quality product though,
holding a charge like it used to and Johnny wants to finish watching his
Sure there are things that a smartphone cannot as yet do without some difficulty or impossibility...but that is the same with ALL current models.  Do some SERIOUS research into what you want vs. what you NEED and make an informed decision only AFTER you have had the chance to go into a store and test a specific model PERSONALLY.  Do that and no matter WHAT you decide on, you will most likely be happy.  So far, I know I am VERY satisfied with my choice.  Good luck on yours.
I got my phone with the $10 extra bluetooth headset (kit).  It was well worth it. The bluetooth works very well and the ear piece is nice.
9928	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It was fine and I probably would have kept it but I sent the Bianchi duty belt back and this is mated to it so I returned it.
-charges my Galaxy S3 quickly
I was just really disappointed that something like this (for the price I paid for it) would just stop working for no good reason.
Now, probably one of the most useful features of this device is the size. It's relatively small and if it fits in my little hand perfectly, then it's going to fit in big manly hands or small bags.
1463	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	If you wear glasses most of the time like I do, this headset will not be comfortable for you. In fact, I couldn't keep it on without constantly adjusting it. So the sound was not good. I sent it back for a Sony over-the-head headset.
5452	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	cheap and small usless



- Still need to hook up your phone/tablets respective charging cable
9608	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	PLEASE, PLEASE READ MY WHOLE ARTICLE BEFORE BUYING ANY BOOSTER SYSTEMS.

1667	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	If you're a female, or if you have long hair, you might want to think twice about purchasing this headset.  I bought it because it is small and light, but the hook goes on your ear is not designed to work with long hair.  My headset pops out easily, just a 2-3 minutes after I put on, it gradually moves upward because my long hair gets in the way.  So, you can imagine how painful it is to fuss with it, and trying to make it stay, so I can talk for a few minutes.  After trying to put up with it for a week, I gave up.  I am looking at other bluetooth headset that works with my Razer and my long hair. :-)

I think the range is decent. It's fine for me to go out in the yard, but it starts to come and go around 30 ft away or so. When it fully cuts out, my phone goes into speaker mode, so anyone around my phone will hear the music -- or my caller ends up talking to an empty room while I rush back-- but I like that it doesn't hang up on them.

The device can be recharged overnight for use the next day.
7001	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Blackberry Screen Protector / B0014Z1B80
*Some fans put off magnetic/electric energy that can be detected for 20ft through walls.

9763	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got these as a replacement battery for my Luminox Chronograph watch. As with most "precision" (I say that loosely only because most battery powered analog watches do this) I started notice it was losing time by a few minutes a day, and that it would tick a few seconds, wait, and then "catch up." All generally leading to a battery on it's end life. Bought these based off the number on the battery that was in my watch, swapped it out and now I'm back in business. Can't say how long the battery will last but I got about 5ish years from the factory battery so I'm expecting similar results from this. Plus for the price on a 5-pack of batteries I'll be able to have the watch going a long time, pending I don't break the watch first.
368	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product for the money!  It really came in handy at Disney World.  As you know your phone battery will not last a FULL day at Disney.  Using the PowerBear we had battery life for the full day PLUS.  The PowerBear is a bit bulky but worth it!!!
Cut it with the sim cutter, stick it in the iPhone and voila! It works!

8978	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch IMP52D is about 2 times the width of an iPhone 4S and about 1/2 inch short. It feels very well made and light enough to where you won't notice it too much in your pocket. I recently took a trip to Vegas and used this on the plane to keep my iPad charged while playing some Fieldrunners. It was able to keep me in business throughout both planes rides and while I was at the hotel. I never did a full charge from 0% so I can't speak to how many charges you can get out of this, but I can say it was very nice to be able to carry around with me just in case my phone was low while I was out and about. This does not come with a wall charger, but you can use any usb charger you have. It does take several hours to get a full charge, and you can use the laser or flashlight while its charging, although I'm not sure why you would. The flashlight is decent and provides enough light to get around. The laser is a lot better than I was expecting, just like a normal laser pointer, although I don't really have a use for it personally. Overall I prefer this over the larger IMP500 for quick trips mainly because of the size of the unit. If you need more power, for longer, I'd recommend the larger units.
* Built-in applictions include QuickOffice to read Microsoft Office files (DOC, PPT, XLS), Adobe Acrobat Lite reader (PDF), RealPlayer (most media files/streams), home screen "Search" applet to search the Internet and local content, various organizer apps (clock w/unlimited alarms, phonebook with unlimited entries, calendar w/unlimited meetings, todos, memos, reminders..), calculator, unit converter -- you get the picture.  Notably absent, though, is a Timer/Stopwatch application; however you can easily download a third party one (e.g. from Smartphoneware).

2299	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item is very good at charging the unit in little time and you can also use it to power the unit while you are listening to music through either your stereo or watching a movie on tv. You get about 2 hours of battery life without having this adapter plugged in so I recommend this if you want to watch any type of movies or videos for extended periods of time. Overall a very useful product.
7987	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been a fan of the Palm OS for, well, as long as I can remember.  Some criticize how Windows Mobile seems to update more frequently, or make things look way cooler or whatever...does the LOOK of the program you use matter THAT much in the REAL World??  Nope.  Sure it'd be nice if Palm made regular upgrades in their software, but to be totally honest, the system is ridiculously simple to use and since it needs so little in the way of upgrades, I guess it makes sense to leave well enough alone.  But again, I know many who find Palm old, outdated or just not sophisticated enough and so have decided to go with Windows Mobile instead, which is fine...go with what works for you.  Let's get down to business:
2951	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product works great, my phone died on a camping trip, and I had bought 2 of these. They charged it so I could talk on the phone and text on the way back. I use the Eneloop rechargeable batteries so I can recharge them after I use them.
-Video
The headband is almost a dealbreaker. If it wasn't for that, I'd be using these headphones all the time.
-Alan Reiley
Great GPS, Buy it now!!
Then I remembered Otterbox from storing my camera gear.  I went to the website and sure enough they made a case for the BlackBerry.  I promptly ordered it.  I also pre-ordered a case for my iPod Touch.


A specific iPhone/charging cable would be nice
1865	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are great comfortable lumbar support cushions. These are better than those supposedly plastic ones they make. This does not interfere with the blood flow in your back. Does not leaves marks on your back after using the lumbar support. Great

5. The speaker phone is very convenient.
- Easy to handle and hold - does not get hot when charging and fits in my palm well.
4046	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because after having a metal roof installed, my cell phone reception was awful. I had to practically hang my head out of a window to talk longer than 1 minute. After doing some serious research, I decided this was the most inexpensive solution that didn't require a physical connection to my cell phone.
3. The headset now attempts to use a "handsfree" profile at all times, unless the phone does not support the "handsfree" profile.  In that case, the headset will default to a "headset" profile.  This is not user-selectable as it was in the BT250.  If your phone supports handsfree profiles, the BT500 will pair with a handsfree profile, no intervention required.

Own phone for 3 weeks.
- Makes the buttons more difficult to press so less accidental presses of the rocker or power key (some may not like this but I do)
8045	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	There are several things I like this cover for my LG 8550.
My note 1with a ballistic case will fit inside.
I looked on Otterbox's site but did not find a replacement skin if it gets worn. I will have to email them about that.

9140	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have only had this charger for a few weeks, however in that time it has already saved me many times. As a business person, I'm on the phone a lot, and on each occasion, recently, I have been in the middle of important meetings that would normally tie me down to my desk or car, due to running out of power. With the iFuel I have been able to not be tethered and instead able to continue running errands. I really suggest this product, if you are in need of additional power without wanting to add continuous bulk to your phone with a battery case. It can easily remain in my pocket while walking around.

406	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy and very pretty.  Great product at a reasonable price
8122	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Way smaller compartments. Picture is completely innacurate. Neither of the side compartments are big enough for my iPhone (regular iPhone 7). The picture shows BOTH compartments with iPhones (and the right one looks like an iPhone 6, which is the same size as my phone). False advertising. Since I purchased this to charge my iPhone, my work phone (galacy s6) and my kindle in the middle compartment, I won't be able to use it. Nothing the only thing that fits is the kindle in the middle compartment.
This baby is going back!  I'm now gonna try out the Blackberry 8700.


6382	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I just return this case to the Verizon store. I liked the look of the case, but it make the phone too heavy. Now if you are a person, who wears the phone on their hip, you might not mind it. I put my phone in my pocket, so it helped to almost de-pant me serveral times. Try the rubber cases, this phone is already too big and heavy for a heavy case.
First of the good things:
It is simple awesome!
Sound from this device is head and shoulders above other bluetooth headsets I've used! It sounds GREAT!
BTW, I lost my holster one day and I sent an Email to Otterbox regarding purchasing just a holster.  A few days later, a wonderful lady named Jennifer in HR, shipped out a new one, free of charge.  Fantastic people.  I felt compelled to tell everyone.
2: Power


Wireless Phone Accessories and now
5471	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use the LiquidAUX with my Samsung Moment and it works great!  Each time I turn on the car it syncs within 10-15 seconds.  The steering wheel attachment is not too bad if you tighten it up well (can rotate a little if it's loose).  In the Moment you can select media profile and phone profile separately.  Since I use a Motorola H700 headset, I only selected the media profile; it will still stop the "radio" when a call comes in !!!

9162	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I highly recommend this product in terms of battery power versus the competition. For the size and price, this is the best extra battery on the market. However, the cable/cord and adapter provided with the product are substandard. The adapter piece does not fit in the phone port tightly, so it slips out when joggled. This makes it inconvenient to carry in one's purse or pocket while charging. It forces you to charge the phone out on a table or desk, which defeats the purpose of having a mobile battery. Eventually, the cable/cord I received with mine stopped working entirely. The company suggested I use my original iPhone cable. I needed that one for home AC charging, so I purchased a new iPhone cord from Apple to carry with the phone and battery pack. The Apple version is high quality and long lasting, but expensive and not as convenient to carry because it is not retractable. This would be a perfect product if a higher quality retractable cord and adapter piece came with it! I also would recommend that New-Trent consider offering this unit, along with the retractable cord and adapter piece, in different colors. They used to have it in white - now it appears to come in black only. With all the cool cases and colors people put on their iPhones and iPads now, the battery packs should be available to match.

Second update: Since I am having problems with my cellphone, I cannot say it is the cover's fault.
One of the best options (I know several phones don't have)-I turn off my phone for the night, but alarm still wakes me up, and Nokia asks for snooze or for switching to phone on mode. Awesome-it saves battery and no text or phone calls can wake me up).
There are other cases here on amazon and other sites that are exactly the same thing i recieved for less then half the price this one is being sold for.

1138	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-R1NTO2ORH82SN4" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B12k67as1KS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61S9PJpIfhS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Great little Usb Hub.  7 ports.  3 on each side, 1 on the front.  Powered by AC or usb.  Lights remain on at all times regardless of what are plugged into the ports.  A must buy if you need more usb ports for your comp.  Works on windows 7.  Have had almost a year with zero issues.
UPDATE: When I originally purchased this device over 2 years ago, I di have to replace it back in July. Why? Because I had it in a messenger bag that got stepped on. I used it just about every day, and the only reason I had to get a new headset is because it was physically damaged. Guess which headset I got to replace it? THE SAME ONE! If the previous one worked for over 2 years and only stopped working because it got stepped on, then this is the one I'm sticking with for as long as they make them.


5854	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	yes it's big number. letter are hard to read old tech. phone, black & white, no color. not easy to use. too much money for the junck.
4898	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this ear piece and then read some reviews saying it was terrible.  However, I love it and I've had no problems with it.  Take these reviews with a grain of salt.  I like the fast quick-connect to my phone and the small compact size that allows it to fit right into my shirt pocket.  The ear piece is a great improvement over it's predecessor.  I recommend it to everyone and this seller.  The product was just as advertised and works wonderfully.
So, here we have a device that sells for roughly $80 and -- it appears to me -- outperforms the Bluetooth hands-free system designed into my high-end German car by fanatical Teutonic engineers.  This is remarkable to me, and the Jabra continues to impress.
One peculiarity is that you can't charge the unit with a 30-pin (or Lightning) cord.  You must use the micro-USB cord supplied (or another one like it) and charge from any standard USB jack (computer or brick that you would use to charge the iPhone or iPod).  The reason is that the manufacturer would have had to pay license fees to Apple to use that jack, so instead they have one micro-USB jack to charge it from (power in) and another standard USB to connect to your phone (power out).  This doesn't bother me and it probably knocked a dollar off the price.  But, you do have to have that other connector handy to recharge this battery.
1242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	worked great with my nokia phone for a very long time.  great sound quality and probably competitive with more modern headsets if I still had it.  After a long time with a lot of use, i broke it.  would definitely recommend.
I will recommend it !

7419	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset is used  by most of our drivers , it work very well, light weigh and cuts out all the truck noise so you get a clear voice sound, going out an coming in.


6553	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I don't have very good reception outside, and no reception inside.  I've had this booster for two years, and as far as I can tell, it hasn't helped at all.  I've unplugged it, and plugged it back in and can't tell any actual difference.

Good transmit and recieve audio. Almost as good as 510 in audio response.
  and MP4 files from your PC for ringtones via an accessory
But my main complaint is with the Aliph Jawbone company customer service itself-they are absolutely horrible. They advertise on their website that the Jawbone has a 1 year manufacture warranty to the end consumer. But, my Jawbone broke and when I contacted them about getting warranty service on it, they rudely informed me that they only provide warranties on units bought directly from their own website. If I bought from some other retailer, it has ZERO warranty! I'm not sure whether or not this is even legal, but do believe it reflects very poorly on the company that they don't even stand behind their own products.
It's got the right dimensions, not too heavy in the shirt pocket, feels good in my hand, the keypad has excellent touch and layout with 1-press keys for Calendar, Contacts, Email, Bluetooth (on/off) and Silent/General mode.
5064	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've used a few of these for GPS' and ECU Tuners, and they work great! You can't find a slimmer mounting solution then this. It gives you the choice to use VHB tape to mount to your device and then either VHB or a vent mount to use on your vehicle. Gives you enough for two applications, in case you move the device to multiple vehicles. It's strong, I've never had the adhesive try to come off on it's own or shift (been about a year since my first use). I was able to remove one of them from my dashboard and it came up fine - at least no lasting residue or noticeable mark (use fish line to separate, then something like goo-gone to clean up). All in all for the price and quality you really can't beat it.
1773	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a replacement to a JX10 because I wanted to be able to use all the Jabra charger cords I had amassed over the years. This headset works perfect. Battery life is outstanding (I have never had this thing die and usually leave it on all day). Reception is of course dependent on what phone you are using it with. I am using a Blackberry Curve on T-Mobile, and am very satisfied with every aspect of this headset.
Only complaint is static which I don't know if it is from the phone or the headset.
3496	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A+
the way you turn on the LED, laser, and the product itself unless someone
  Does't matter if its in his pocket or touches the Sceen.
5218	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works Great
Cons:
Heavy
6536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this with the intention of using it in my camper when I am in an area with known bad reception. Being winter and here in Colorado with the snow depths in the mountains camping is not desirable. SO, I wanted to try this thing out so if it was a dud I could return it. Went up to a known spot where I get really bad reception, mounting the outside antenna just outside of my truck and plugging the unit in to a small power inverter in the cab. I was very pleased to see my AT&T phone go from 1 bar and not able to make reliable calls to FULL bars and very clear calls. So here is the downside (or upside) to the unit.
2- In my situation, the coverage area dramatically drops as soon as I'm out of the 3 foot radius of the base unit. As soon as I'm about 10 feet from the base unit, the signal will drop to zero bars on my phone (Palm Pre) and the phone will intermittently switch to Roaming. (This also occurs with an HTC Touch Pro 2 as well).
1226	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have some friends who use this headset with their Motorola phones and it worked great, so i decided to get one.... Unfortunately the VX-8100's Bluetooth doesn't work very good. I have to hold the phone a few inches from my head to be able to hear what people are saying, otherwise there's too much static. I might as well just flip the phone open and not use the headset. I have since tried a couple of other Bluetooth headsets and found the static problem with all of them. The headset works great on other phones, I tried it on a friends 8300 and it worked flawlessly.
A screen should last 1-3 months, depending on how you rough you are with your phone.
Inside the box are 6 pieces of gear which must be set up in a specific sequence for the units to work properly.  The main unit, the "booster" is designed to sit only in front of a window.  It's a bulky unit weighing a few pounds and the size of a large hardcover book.  Depending on whether or not you have old windows with old glass or new "low-e" glass you may or may not be using the exterior antenna which is connected to the booster via a cable.

-Bluetooth works well and has a strong signal
1877	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It really does fit my phone like a glove - looks good - I think it will last a long time.  Worth every penny!  Prompt delivery.  I recommend it to anyone with a RAZR.
538	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Ok this serves what purpose for the cellphone. I mean really there should be some research on this. How was it able to get patented?


4933	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Its has already had a wire broke some where inside the covering, had to throw away, not worth sending back
- Kickstand (see cons).



Some people praise or are hooked on the neat feature of swapping between two phones. I honestly don't see where this features becomes practical, unless you are one of those people who carry multiple phones for... who knows what for... But if this features speaks to you, then definitely, this  one is made for you.
Cons:

I have expensive sony earbuds also apple headphones and Nokia headphones supplied with my Nokia N95 8Gb, but this beats them all with the comfort and quality in A2DP.
415	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	like night and day. I installed this battery and boom now I don't charge the phone all the time. this battery will last all day and into the next day. I am on it constantly and the phone seems to be much more comfortable in my hands now.
5712	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Cellet is the best quality cell phone products. Whenever I need something I check first to see if they make it.
My only two complains are:
The WEP410 has a more comfortable fit, provided you don't mind an in-the-ear-canal design. Just slide it into your ear and it's all good, it's simple to work with and an easy, almost unnoticeable fit. The biggest drawbacks for me in terms of fit are that it causes me to hear my own voice in my head as it does plug the ear (it doesn't cut off all outside sound tho'), and my ear canal gets a little sweaty with this in direct contact. I also like the fit on the 410 because unlike the 200, I can quickly and easily switch from ear to ear - most folks won't tell you this, but ear canals aren't usually the same size, where my headsets fit fine in my right ear, my left is slightly smaller to the point of causing problems fitting the 200, while the 410 here slides right in (though a little more noticeable than on my right) and this is true of most folks I know.
7120	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I needed a replacement for my broken Plantronics BT headset but did not want to spend too much. As a coffee addict the name caught my eye and since the price was good and the specs seemed OK I ordered it. No regrets.
Overall, this Treo 650 has been good to me. It's fun to use, although I can't tell you how it holds up as a heavy-duty business phone. Hope this helps others in the same boat! Especially those who have had a hard time deciding whether to make the switch from paper planning to a PDA.
8934	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Powerpak iTorch comes in a solid yet sleek die cut package. The
7969	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Like skeptical lawyer said... The only 2 * on this phone.... Be careful they will charge you... Anyways... Now onto the review... I have had enough time with it to figure things out and gotten used to my phone...
To start off the Plantronics 655 didn't always perform well. Sometimes the caller on the other end couldn't hear me due to static. The phone was in my shirt pocket!
4986	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wonder why Steve Jobs did not desing the iphone with the regular plug...
nitpick - LED for being "on" can be hard to see - its visable at night but in full sun hard to tell.  Not an issue since the lighter sockets get turned off when the vehicle is off.




The flashlight and red laser are nice extra features, especially the flashlight. I frequently had this product by my side during the past week, and I found myself being happy that I had a quick flashlight on hand. Before I would have to pull out my cell phone and use the flashlight, and my phone is a little sluggish at its older age, so it's always a hassle to unlock it, find the icon for the flashlight, blah blah blah... it was nice to have something that could provide a quick light.
5433	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pros: xenon camera flash, 5mp camera, excellent reception
The standard Nikon cover seemed to start getting scratched right away. I always hated it because it was so thick and obnoxious looking. So I tried this and you can't even tell it is there. I just hope if I ever do need to replace it that it comes off easy enough because it is on there!
I cannot recommend this item at all.
3942	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I wasn't getting very good audio quality, and could not manage to perform the long duration hold of the answer button to get my Samsung SCH-A870 to enter speech recognition mode.
First, it fits extremely well. It snapped on and fits snugly; I don't think it will slip off easily. It exposes all the phone's controls and connectors - it even has an opening through which you can attach a wrist strap (not included). The feel of the material is very nice; it is a comfortable texture that does not feel cheap.

4589	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This bluetooth is NOT woth buying. It hurts your ear so bad that you will have to take it out often. The voice quality is NOT good and the person voice drops out often. The battery is also very bad. It does NOT last long at all even on a full charge. I will never buy another Motorola bluetooth again!
7213	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this as a replacement and haven't been disappointed.  Phone was quickly shipped amd arrived in great condition.  Set-up was very simple; install battery (it charged quickly), inserted SIM, turn phone on and it worked perfectly.
6631	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Tried this in the mountains and it failed to do anything.  We have Verizon - people with Iphones sometimes get signal at my house but we have Droids and there is nothing. The booster didn't do a thing for the Droid.  Disappointed & returned.
8658	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exceptional delivery by seller.  Item is just as described and very comfortable and light.  Thanks.
- No earbud going into the ear - this is a BIG positive because I can't stand those and, apparently they are not good for you.
5614	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This whole package does not work well. The charge is intermittent - it won't charge my phone. For a piece of equipment that costs considerably more than a standard charger the performance is quite unacceptable. To be clear, I'm talking about the charger and tips, not just the tip. I would not recommend this.
3)  It doesn't come with any kind of micro-SD card.  I know this might not sound like much of an omission, but when you've only got 64MB to play with, you'll start feeling that pretty fast -- especially if you're moving from a device like a Palm TX, that's got more memory.  on board.  Get yourself a decent-sized micro-SD card as soon as you can.
Camera
-Chad R.
5767	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	(final)
407	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just love it.  Had ordered several at the same time and this was absolutely my favorite.  Wish I had ordered a couple more.
142	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good product.
3.  the firmware has a few non-intuitive things.  For example, when you press & hold a button for fast dial, it'll beep & say, "no number associated with this speed dial." but it won't say how to associate it.  nor will it take you to the phone book.  It's probably in the manual but in this day & age I shouldn't have to read the manual to figure out how to use my phone.
4144	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This seemed to be the best headset ever.  It had the most crystal clear sound I have found in a bluetooth.  But it broke and so did my mom's and my friend's.  My mom and my friend went and exchanged it for the new jawbone, but the sound quality on that is horrible, no one can even here them.  Too bad, it was a great product except the flaw.
then got 2 more bars when I installed it.

The battery life seems a lot longer than the Motorola, so no more spare battery in the wallet and no emergency recharger units and no car chargers. The charging port is a smaller size than on other Samsungs so I have not found third party chargers or accessories.
That being said, as far as the prepaid market is concerned, I think the Wildcard is a great phone. The calls are clear (though the speaker function sounds kinda scratchy) the signal is strong and the ringer is loud.  Physically, the phone is attractive and a convenient size. (We, too, initially had a problem getting the battery compartment to open - OMG! Fort Knox is less secure!).
Seller, if you're reading this, I deserve a real 8350i Blackberry Curve screen protector.
Audio reception is great when you're close to the phone; after about 5-10 feet away, you start to get clicks and pops. (Also, there are a fair number of clicks if I use the headset in my right ear while keeping the BlackBerry in my left pocket; my phone and headset need to be on the same side of my body, it seems, for the clearest sound.) The headset is very loud, and I usually listen to callers at about half-volume.
9503	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My area of the office had ZERO reception. After using this, I now have good reception (including my 3 office partners who sit within 15-20 feet from me). My 3G doesn't always work reliably on this but phone reception is good. I would buy it again if ever needed
1)  QWERTY keyboard
I was already a bit leery when I saw the company had changed its name, as this rarely if ever spells an improved product from any entity.  Unfortunately my suspicions are confirmed, and what was once one of the best products I ever bought (I have 3  WIlsons) , the quality of these weBoost units seems to have declined severely. I'm returning this one for a refund, not a replacement.
 -I wear either glasses or sunglasses all the time and that's no problem with this headset.
**OVERALL: Worth the price, does the job it says it will, adjusts to fit basically any size interior, will likely interfere with a middle seat shoulder belt (if it comes out of the ceiling, as in Subarus), won't fall over if installed right, might scar your car's ceiling, will need ~monthly re-tightenings, and is generally a pain in the ass to take in and out.

1273	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I like the look of this headset, and I really like the fact that flipping the boom turns it on and off instantly.
5. Volume buttons on earpiece.
6 - Range stinks.  My whole place is 2500 sq. ft.  I had to carry the unit around or the call got too staticky and noisy.
1682	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	A nice looking phone for a cheapie, fairly easy to use (with some odd quirks, I'm used to Nokias and Samsungs), with basic features that are enough for those who mostly want to make phone calls.  The organizer works well and it's nice to be able to send text messages to multiple numbers, but the phone does have the annoying Motorola trait of only having one number per name entry.

Ordered 4, 2 were DOA.
- Possibly put the LED and laser on the other end of the adapter location, wires etc get in the way if you try to use them while plugged in.
2833	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful fit, for what I require in a product and I think this product is worth the price and when it comes to saving, Amazon is GREAT! ON A SCALE 1-10 the product rate as a 10, highly recommend, overall this is a great product.

8912	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The IMP52D took 105 minutes to fully charge of my iphone 4 from 34%. It costs half of the charger power(2 LED lights out of 4 were off). I would suggest that the battery pack should contain its own wall charger. The charger can charge iphone 4 two times only. As far as I know, iPhone 4 battery capacity is 1420mah so the itorch could charge the cell 3 times. So I would suggest to improve the battery power on this version. But overall, I like it and I will rate (4), if it could charge more times, I would rate it (5) stars.
The downsides are:  No video and I DETEST that the memory card is behind the battery, making it take forever to power down and access.  Beware, this phone takes awhile to boot up, but once it gets going, it's fantastic.
I use it for a Sandisk Cruzer fit, and that thing is so incredibly tiny, there's absolutely no way to get it out of the recessed opening in the tv without a leash.

Update - I used the 3030 for a while, and it always worked as it should.  I ended up not liking how long the earbud cords would be and that I still had an object around me that might as well have been my mp3 player/phone.  Since I typically keep my phone in my pocket, it wasn't that helpful for me to have the wireless distance from it.  Would be better for someone who keeps their phone in their purse or at the gym on the treadmill.

7182	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	battery holding up good,charging every 2 to 3 days,but don't charge on car charger it won't hold charge for a day,day and a half. After charging on house charger for a couple of weeks every couple days it will hold a charge 3 to 5 days. I use it alot,still a good buy.


I'd have to say clear as my Onstar in my Chevy truck.
2527	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great, went on perfect but then again I use a certain "dummy" proof method of placing 3-4 strips of scotch tape on the side of phone then placing protector on screen (perfectly) and wrapping the scotch tape around side to front of protector, clean everything up, peel off backing and lay down protector... Always a perfect fit.  Is it strong? Don't know, don't plan to drop the expensive device to find out....
The only thing one must watch out for is the bubbling if the screen is put on carelessly.  This is really annoying.  An excellent product that only misses 5 stars due to the price for something so simple and inexpensive to make and distribute.


Very fast charging
I'm using it with a Samsung Galaxy S2 (I9100) without any issue.
26	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	it is a beautiful phone case but its also hard to remove & also it the 3d ribbon came wasy darker than the picture shows & it also came wonky but its pretty

I've been using it for years, and it's still running well.

4.) Fuse on back of device, convenient to access.

- Touch screen is a blessing. The thumbwheel on the StreetPilots was fine, but the touch screen on these Nuvi's is much faster.
634	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This mount works great. I've ridden over railroad tracks and other rough terrain and my Garmin 60csx stays solidly in place. I do have the lanyard pulled over the handle bar just in case, but the GPS has never come loose. When it snaps in place it is held tightly. I don't understand why others are having to use rubber bands or anything else. I ride a lot and never a problem.

933	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset definitely comes through.
9291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This unit came right away.
The only reason I'm not rating this headset 5 stars is that I agree with other reviews, the earpiece doesn't fit that snuggly in the ear. This is a minor complaint for me though as the headset does pretty much what I want it to do and it does it nicely.
6435	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I chose this phone hoping to carry one less device, by installing a 4GB Micro SD chip and using it as an mp3 player.

Even though I like the sound quality very much, I wish that the volume level could be bit louder.  When I compared to other similar price range BT headphones, such as SoundPEATS QY7 or Mpow, the volume isn't quite loud enough.  It could go up one or two notch louder...


4962	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Sure there are three rings on the male end, but there are only two wires on the inside of the cable and female side.
The Buds have a tidy control arrangement and are easy to navigate. Play/pause/answer/end/track-skip commands (as well as EQ settings and voice dial activation) are handled by a rocker switch on the left, and volume adjustments are handled by a rocker switch on the right. The microphone is underneath the rocker switch on the left, and the power switch is underneath the body (center section) of the headset, next to the charging port. Play/pause/answer/end is done by a single press of the forward half of the left rocker switch, which has a little bit of texture to it for identification/grip purposes. You can activate voice dialing (like Siri or Samsungs S-Voice or Google voice search) by long-pressing this same button while no music is playing. Track-skip forward is done by a single press of the back half of the same switch, and track-skip back is done by a double press. I kind of wish skip forward/back were handled by separate buttons, but its easy enough to get used to. One thing to note about the mic being on the same stalk as the answer/end button: if you have to feel around for the end call button, the person on the other end is going to hear ALL OF IT since the microphone is right beneath it. Lots of loud rustling noises. Oops. Not enough for me to list as a full-on downside, but still... kind of annoying. They could have placed the mic on the right, which come to think of it is a whole lot less busy since it mostly only has volume control functions. Volume down is achieved by pressing the forward half of the right rocker switch, and volume up by pressing the back half. You can mute an active phonecall by pressing both portions of the volume rocker, and reject an incoming call by long-pressing either one of the volume buttons. EQ modes can be changed by a long-press of the Play/Pause switch on the left. There are 3 EQ modes, but there is no indication of which one you are in, or documentation of what the effects are supposed to be. There is a voice notification of EQ mode changed! but thats it. Youre on your own to figure out exactly what that means. My best guess is that the modes are flat, treble boost, and bass boost. As a general audiophile rule, flat EQ response is best since it doesnt meddle with the sound balance and you hear it as the artist intended. I can barely tell which EQ mode is bass boost, but cant tell the difference between the other two. And if I cant tell the difference, then I guess it doesnt really matter. Id recommend switching modes while listening to your general type of music, getting to an EQ setting you like, and then never changing it again. As is obvious from the pictures and literature, the earbuds are held magnetically to the ends of the control stalks when not in use. The magnets are pretty strong, and the earbuds have yet to bounce themselves loose. In fact, they are so strong that if I remove an earbud from my ear but don't attach it to the end of the stalk, Ill eventually find that it has connected itself at some point as Ive been moving around. Needless to say, don't get any of these parts too close to any of your credit cards.
7679	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The first phone had a defective microphone inside, however Amazon sent me a new phone next day air. Wow. I do love this phone. It is slick, functional and Nokia is my favorite phone for overall quality. This black e51 does everything good, maybe it tries to do too much. It could be a little bit louder on every phone. Headphone power is good but not my ipod. Speaker is ok, but not loud. It could use a 3.5mm headphone jack like the rest of the planet. The wifi works great, but the menu is a little confusing, and the mail section with yahoo won't let me go on wi fi. It must be just for cell companies. You can just go to the internet and go to yahoo but it takes longer. You can turn off the cell internet to prevent overcharges that's nice. Please understand I do love this phone I'm just being critical. Trust me you will baby this phone, and want it back in your hands when others look at it. Unless I'm just obsessive compulsive. Great screen clarity. The music is clear, and makes great ringtones too. It looks basic yet modern and is high quality throughout. Amazon's quick response made me a loyal fan. You will not get the same treatment from best buy or any other electronics big store.
1157	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have mac and this hub is great.  I like the front port for connecting items for occasional use.


Sometimes however it's a real hang -- the phone's waiting for the device, the device is waiting for the phone (probably some piece of the bluetooth protocol got dropped on the floor), and you can't disconnect, you can't power the device down, nothing.  You have to get your phone out and disconnect the device from the bluetooth menu, then recycle the power on the device, then you can proceed again.  I haven't figured out why this happens, or a surefire way to prevent it.  Doesn't happen a lot, but it shouldn't happen at all, right?

4975	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you use major headphones and want to use them in the 1st Gen iPhone, get this adapter, it's perfect and doesn't ruin the sound.  Buy several for work, home, etc.  Great to have at hand!
6258	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I honestly consider this a must-have for anyone with an iPhone. I got the New Trent iFuel about a week ago and have already used it to recharge my iPhone 3GS three times, and the battery pack still looks like it has a full charge. I wish I'd had this the whole time I've had my phone! It's so nice being able to recharge my phone quickly without searching for an outlet or a spare computer.
decent battery time

Enter the cell phone signal booster! I was skeptical because I had never even heard of this technology but I am so thankful I was given the opportunity to try it out. Setup was extremely fast and easy and I was up and running in under 10 minutes. My usual one (or none) bar downstairs turned into three and I was able to walk all the way around the perimeter of the level and the call never dropped nor did the other party have any complaints about the clarity of my voice. I had five bars in every corner of my upper level and didn't have to worry about hanging out near a window while on a call. Skeptical no more! It absolutely works and my only regret is that I didn't pick one up sooner.

1712	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	this was the wrong phone for the carrier that i have i had to return this as it was not compatible.
This is a great product and I highly recommend it to anyone with a smartphone that gobbles up battery power.  It's an absolute emergency essential and is barely the size of a deck of cards.  But having said that, I highly recommend buying the right cable for your phone and ditching the useless adapter plugs that are included with this kit.
1116	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We've slowly been upgrading the tree stands that we use for deer hunting and recently started dropping batteries in with solar panels to top them off.  The primary use has been to wire in some lighting to make it easier to get set up in the morning and pack up in the evening.  But, it gives the added benefit of having 12v DC power available for topping off phones, iPods, or even running an iPad or netbook like my uncle likes to do during the long mid-day hours when the deer don't move around as much.

Pros:
1328	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off. The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem. After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center, they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable "due to customer abuse." I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage (unless using it to make phone calls counts as "customer abuse"), but got the same comment, without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation. It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty. You'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works. After that, you're on your own.
during important times of need. No huge complaints here. I'd highly
2) Pairing - I've always thought this process to be a bit obtuse, but I guess it drives down costs to have the much-vaunted "multi-funtion" button. I find it annoying. That said, pairing was quick and easy with this unit and it **stays** paired for hours at a time.
But let me say this you do lose a little sound quality across the transmission of sound.
That's it; mostly all good except comfort which seems to be coming around.

I have been a Tmobile customer for three years, and while I can get better coverage elsewhere, I have been spoiled by Tmobile's customer service, so they keep my business.

5815	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fixed my own BlackBerry Curve, yeah, I did! Good little smart phone, I simply wore out... now, good as new.

However, the hard plastic case material, while tough, is slippery. I was immediately struck by how smooth the case was; there was no sense of tackiness or grippiness to the material. I used the ClearBoost for a couple of days, and had it accidentally slip out of my hands more than once. Also, there is no belt clip, so the iPhone will have to live in your pocket or purse.
- Easy to operate
8606	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked exactly how I wanted it too!
5059	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I don't use the factory iphone headphones with the built in microphone, so I can't comment on whether or not that aspect works. I recently got a new iphone case that wouldn't allow my aux input for my car to fit through it, so I got this adapter. Sound plays through my speakers loud and clear, so I couldn't be happier.

I first decided to order a no-name USB compatible cable, big mistake. So I went back and ordered the Nokia OEM CA-53 USB data cable, great choice!


Anyway, I'm still waiting on my ground loop isolator to see what issues that fixes - will try to repost when that happens.



 Weight: 95 grams
6658	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Firstly, Amazon sent me a damaged package (NOTE: The item was purchased DIRECTLY FROM Amazon and not a third-party vendor) .  The damaged package was not the shipping package but the item package itself.  I refused to even open the item (assumed very likely the package contents has suffered considerably) and immediately began the process of returning the it.  Having read about Amazon's diminished quality control online and customer service, I have to wonder if Amazon has gotten "too big for it's britches" that they would allow such shoddy merchandise to leave their warehouse and such poor quality controls?  Perhaps damaged items returned to Amazon are completely ignored and simply re-delivered out to the next online purchaser/victim?  I would imagine this to be a waste of money and imprudent as for return shipping costs that they are supposed to pay (more on this later) and damaging reviews of their company reputation - such as this one.  I am of the opinion that it may actually be better to purchase items from a reputable third-party vendor (presumably small business) --> who cares about maintaining a good business reputation as it is their bread and butter!  To continue, Amazon immediately scheduled a UPS delivery, however they were on days when anyone one was home to physically hand over the package to UPS.  I contacted Amazon about this and asked them to schedule a pickup on a different date during the week wen someone was home - however this fell on deaf ears.  I tried to reschedule a pickup 5 times in fact!  Each time, my request was ignored.  I have to wonder if this was by design as now I have to pay the return fee! :-(  I will be following up my return with a request for a refund on shipping charges!!!!

7042	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good replacement battery for an LG older phone.
All in all, it's a good choice for a modern slider phone, but has some limitations.


2243	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this idea and probably would work for most applications. Unfortunately for me it did not work. I needed a mini USB adapter to connect a OBD cable to power a dash cam in my car. Unfortunately when connected through this adapter the Dash Cam starts discharging. It looks like maybe the power pin on the OBD power cable doesn't align with the power pin in this adapter? Not sure. Otherwise well made little thing.
7594	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's a little big, but it does the job. It worked in France, Italy, Croatia, Serbia and Romania. Someone even tried to lend me a charge from Ireland and it worked so I would definitely buy it again and keep it for all my travel, wherever I go. That's another thing, buy 2, you think you can alternate between charging your phone and charging your laptop/tablet... but you can't. Just get 2.

I ended up going from 106 (on a clear day and if I was lucky) to 120 (almost non existent signal; borderline dead zone) before the WeBoost to 88 on a good day to 98 on a bad day. Either way it's a good enough signal to talk without dropped calls and without repeating myself constantly. But again, that's only in two small rooms. Between the number of variables along with different levels of expectation by the customer, I can see how someone would be thrilled or hate it or anywhere in between. The good news however, is that you can try it and return it if it doesn't work for you. I can't stress enough however, how much of the slightest change of angle or height can change the signal strength. So if you have the patience, I suggest doing a lot of playing around with it before you decide it doesn't work. To illustrate my point, my booster is toward the front of a small table and it's perfect. If I move it to the back of that table, back only 6 or so inches, the signal decreases drastically. So it's THAT sensitive. Once I found the "sweet spot" I was very pleased, all things considered (woods, metal roof, rural, etc).

4901	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I thought my H700 was great, until my wife washed it :-(, but the H710 outshines it's older brother. So what if it has adopted the mini usb connector design; they still give you a charger (well you end up paying for it too) and the adaptors are also on the market.
Great product

I still love Amazon though.

2163	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is a bit clunky..that is the bad news. All the rest is good.
4205	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The headset works well with my iPhone, but since I haven't used other bluetooth headsets, I really don't have anything to compare it to.  I have friends who had headsets from other manufacturers such as Motorola and I would comment to them their headset sounded horrible. I haven't had any complaints when I talk on the Jawbone. I've asked some how I sounded.  I've been told it sounds pretty clear, even better than my corded Plantronics one I had previously.  I haven't had any problems with getting a good fit or breaking off the ear loops.  My only gripe is that I paid extra for the 3-5 days shipping from Amazon, and it still took over 8 days to receive ... so save your money and go with the free shipping.
Filed claim for damaged item.  Seems to me a $1.70 down the drain.
194	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good charger and is perfect because it is also has a USB connection. Also love that it is original material it works like that too giving a quick charge when i need it.
8527	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good product and arrived on time.
I can go on and on about this phone. I just want to reiterate that this is a very user friendly, highly capable, extremely customizable phone and you will have no regrets! RIM has been making BlackBerries for ages now and they know what they're doing! Over the years they've addressed various issues from previous models and the 8120 being one of their latest offerings, many issues have been rectified in this phone.
the sync locked up and i could not get it back up until i disconnected the battery for a few days.

Works very well with blackberry voice recognition dialing except when radio is playing or others talking.
1294	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have had my Motorola HS850 Bluetooth for about a week.  It replaces a Jabra BT250 which died.  While I find the Jabra to be more comfortable the HS850 is far more functional.  The compact folding design, the seamless integration with my Motorola V551 phone all make it superior to the BT250.  The Jabra wins only on comfort and richnes of tone.


11 Strokes to read my email!!!
Cheap feel of the phone,
If you've tried a bunch and can't get a good fit, try this one,
Pros: one fully charged iTorch can recharge my iPhone (and iPad, and camera) numerous times before needing to be recharged. It feels well-made and it's light enough to carry with me. Also small enough to fit in my pocket.
3. The 15Amp fuse on the back is *impossible* to remove.  I tried my finger nails, screw drivers and needle nose pliers.  Finally I took my Dremel and carefully cut around the fuse so I can remove it in the future should it ever blow.  Whatever you do, DO NOT remove the screws and open it up in order to replace the fuse because you'll never reassemble it correctly again.  The 12V sockets are basically impossible to get just right.

Still perfect though!
9178	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I don't write too many reviews of the many (MANY!) things I buy on Amazon, but this one is worth sharing.  When my company offered me an iPhone or a Blackberry, I jumped at the chance for a "free" iPhone and like everyone else who has one, dealt with the short battery life as just a given.  It was frustrating having come from a number of phones, the last one an LG Dare, that had excellent batt life, in fact it was one of the main things I looked for.
The phone layout and design are excellent. Compared to other devices like the Blackberry and Treo, the keys are in a much better location (about  up from the bottom end of the phone) making it much less stressful on the thumbs to type. The keys functions are very similar to a Blackberry. Takes a little bit of getting use to but learn very quickly.
The Jabra also pairs almost instantaneously; it beeps to confirm this, usually within 2 seconds of me "waking" my iPhone.  It's almost exactly the same size as an iPhone, which makes it very convenient to travel with.
I love these chargers, and will always keep one in my car. They have saved me more than once.

3121	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been using these protection screens for years and years.  Started with my old Cingular 8525 when I couldn't find pre-made ones for it.  Never had a problem with the touch screen working after install on any device.  Last one I installed on Nexus One lasted through 5 months of heavy use and only came off because I was selling it.
-Battery life is good (about 2 or 3 days with moderate use)
If you set it to "magnetic 0-1," another EMF setting, you'd get a more precise reading using the middle line of the meter.  On the big meter setting (0-100), you might see that you have between 1 and 2 milligaus, but not know exactly what number.  But on the 0-3 setting, you could see if you have 1.2, 1.5, 1.7, etc.  For most residential/non-professional uses, you probably don't need to be that precise, but for people using this professionally, I suspect that setting would help more.
8037	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for working at home, communicating with customers. This is exactly what I needed and my life has improved drastically since I purchased it. I have had no sound complaints from the other end. I have found that I cannot even leave the room without the handset without hearing loud static, so I make sure to keep the handset nearby or clipped on. I also notice a very small amount of static (on my end only) when plugging something into the wall or using the microwave. The batter lasts me about 8 hours, so if I work an exceptionally long day, I have to find another source. Overall, this works exactly as I need it to. The headset is so comfortable I barely notice it, and I have never been able to wear over-the-ear headsets comfortably.
In sum, this is a remarkable headset.  It is small, light, affordable, and really does the job.  With a 2 year warranty and upgradable firmware (mine came with 3.4 the newest available), I'd say it is a pretty sweet device and worth picking up.


3974	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this after reading the positive reviews.  I should have paid more attention to some of the negative reviews that talked about the microphone wand that acts as an on/off switch.
Overall, I think the iTorch has a great physical design, more than adequate capacity for a single-user to get through the day, and the performance meets my expectations. The added bonus features of the flashlight and laser pointer may come in handy.
Side effects include: Clean body, wet body, hot water on cold days, cold water on hot days and tons of water squirting at your where you need it most.
But to be completely honest with you, after trying a number of `prettier' headsets that either break easily, lose their pairing with the phone frequently, or just plain don't work as well I am all for sacrificing form for function.
8035	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I guess I'm the first reviewer on this as I could not find anything on this myself before purchasing.  My needs are a home-based business and I'm constantly on a headset taking orders and dictation.  My wired headset got very staticky and annoying as each time I went to answer my phone and reach for the headset, the wires would pull at everything in its path!  I'd answer my phone with half my desk stuff on the floor!
This phone has a couple of minor annoyances: One is that it won't set the time from the network. Other GSM phones I've used lately have done that. You have to set it each time you turn it on. Also, the charger is unlike any other Motorola charger tip I've ever seen. I just assumed it was a mini-USB or the older style Motorola with the clip and push-button, but it's not. You'll always have to carry a charger  when you plan to be away longer than the battery should last. Finally, the headset jack is shared with the charger, and is therefore completely proprietary. That seems odd in 2008 in the age of Bluetooth and 2.5mm mini jack standards. But, then Motorola seems to be on a proprietary-everything bender the last few years. Ok, so the iPhone has a proprietary jack (4 connector stereo 3.5mm) but it's excusable since it's a music player, includes the head set, headsets are readily available and supports Bluetooth.
7499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We have had several window mounts for our GPS and this one is by far is the best.  It is solidly made and holds the GPS well even under challenging conditions described below.
I would never recommend buying this headset or any other made by Aliph.


8031	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Unless you need a $40+ a month plan, Tracfone does it fine for me.
149	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This charger works perfectly.  It is the official Samsung charger so I was sure it would work just fine. I highly recommend it.
The winters in the Midwest can be brutal, so driving and parking in a snowstorm with a magnetic antenna on the roof is asking for trouble, in my opinion. So I decided to see how well this Drive 4G-S booster would work with the antenna inside the car. After a visit to my local electronics store I purchased a flat metal, 2" wide L-shaped bracket. The backseats in my car have a double fold-down design which allowed me to turn the bracket upside down and slide the long end down between the back of the seat and rear deck. With the foot of the L-shape facing toward the rear window the antenna fit my makeshift bracket very nicely; but would it work? The boost wasn't quite as strong as with the antenna on the roof, but it was still pretty impressive. Now I can leave it connected all year round.


7639	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best headset I've used so far. Years ago I experiented with inexpensive motorola headsets and got no where. Eventually I purchased a Platronics Voyager 510, and it was great. I heard people's conversation well and it was extremely comfortable. I was perfectly fine with it, but my girlfriend wasn't so happy. She said she often have trouble hearing me speak. I hang on to my 510 for almost 2 years before taking a risk at something new, the Jawbone. I was pleasantly surprised. I purchased it at Amazon for about $80 dollar, about what i would expect for a top of the line product. From my end, there was pro and cons. It was more stylish and more comfortable. Unfortunately, the volume button is next to the end button and it was hard to deal with at first. Another problem was that my now 2 year old phone would randomly disconnect from the Jawbone. I was still optomistic and it was time for a new phone anyway. I then purchased the Razr 2, and my connection problem went away. The best part of all this is that my girlfriend tells me that she can hear me, even when i'm outdoor and event next to a concert hall. I think the noise cancelling technology really works and I would recommend it to anyone who is willing to pay between $50-$100 range. Althought I really don't know if you can get a better headset if you pay more...
I just love my purchase, i always end up as a happy customer, of course i mostly but from sellers fulfilled by Amazon.
6793	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought for the price and these batteries worked out fine.
bumped out buttons are great

*use the navigator or the stylus...i use the stylus the most often
Here is my feedback:

7860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It works but not for what I needed it for. The female end is thicker than the picture. This does not work where I needed it, where only apple size jack would fit.
4079	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Well I love the RAZR, if it was genuine. I think this was a fake one.
6. Options
-Ergonomically questionable-- it fits very well once you get it on, but it's a little hard to adjust, especially when it's on your ear. It also feels very flimsy. I wouldn't mind having a little more weight so I could feel safe just putting it in my jeans pocket.
It's been about 100 days now since I used this battery and it's strong going strong.  I never have to worry about running out of battery within a day and it almost gets me through 2 days even now.

6263	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well I'd like to compliment Trent on this product.  It fits my needs very well.  With one of the large screen cell phones (HTC EVO 4G) I run through my battery very quickly if I do any extended usage.  I'd have to find a PC or carry a wall charger with me all the time.  Now I don't need to do that, I get at minimum one full charge and some more out of this unit.  This will get me through a heavy use day no problem.

Some of you probably want to know about how it charges.  I use mine quite a bit for both personal and business, and it isn't rare for me to wear out the charge before the day is out.  I've only managed to drain my Jawbone twice, and it charges so quickly that I was able to use it again within an hour or so.  It comes with a cable that can charge through an electrical outlet or a USB port on a PC.  It does not have a car charger, but since I have a power inverter for my car, I can simply use it to charge it while driving should the need arise, so this isn't a deal breaker for me.
The main cons of the unit is that it does not come with a AC adapter if purchased from amazon and you will need to have a spare iphone cable in order for it to be of any use to you which can sometimes be a pain.
7439	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	No one could understand what I was saying! This was a used headset, so perhaps something was wrong with just this unit. The reviews on the H700 were okay, but THIS particular one was useless. It also looked somewhat beat up when I received it. Right from the start people were saying that we had a bad connection. Most people said that they just couldn't understand me. With some, I would end the call then call again with my friends Bluetooth and they would say "That's MUCH better!". I explained this to the  BooksExpress610 rep and was told "This unit was tested by our trained staff prior to being listed on Amazon. The report we have that it was in perfect working order. If you would like go ahead and return it to us however a restocking fee will be charged by BooksExpress610."  I then asked how much and was told "We will not know how much the restocking fee is going to be until we see the product and the condition of it. It also depends on if you return the provided accessories with it (USB cable) restocking fee is between 5%-15%."  So, I shipped it back in the exact condition it was shipped to me in, with the USB cable, and, of course, they charged me the full 15%! I will avoid Books Express610 for anything in the future! They were not in the least bit concerned with customer satisfaction. As I told them, I REALLY wanted to love this headset! Now I don't know what to get for a Bluetooth headset as I had really high hopes for the H700.
3113	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I haven't used these screen protectors for screens of any electronic devices so I can't review how it performs on phones, iPods, camera diplays, etc.  However, I can say that these are awesome for putting those city stickers or parking stickers on your windshield that need to be replaced annually.  Using these Fellowes screen protectors has made it less of a hassle to remove and replace those pesky stickers year after year.  It applies cleanly to your car windshield and removes harmlessly in one piece with a box cutter edge.  No more having to use a blade to scratch away the stickers pieces at a time as it breaks apart.
As a reference, most phone internal battery rated 1100mah to 1500mah. With IMP500, you have 3 to 4 times capacity to power the phone.
8175	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works fine

- The "OK" button is small and even after I've gotten the hang of the "touch" buttons, I frequently need to push "OK" 3 or 4 times before I get it to register.


 Great device for keeping your smaller devices charged up!
First, the good.  The sound from this headset rocks!  The noise mitigating technology is great.  I work in computer data centers the noise level often fluctuates.  The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.  It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.
35	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is so cute!  Love the bling and love the pink!  It is such a cute case and I get many compliments.
Some of you probably want to know about how it charges.  I use mine quite a bit for both personal and business, and it isn't rare for me to wear out the charge before the day is out.  I've only managed to drain my Jawbone twice, and it charges so quickly that I was able to use it again within an hour or so.  It comes with a cable that can charge through an electrical outlet or a USB port on a PC.  It does not have a car charger, but since I have a power inverter for my car, I can simply use it to charge it while driving should the need arise, so this isn't a deal breaker for me.
Last, the cradle itself leaves a lot to be desired. To fit it to your phone, you have to take out the sides and slide them back in, and they only have a few different configurations. I have an iPhone 6 with the Apple case, and either it was too small to fit my phone, or so loose that I thought it would fall out. Just bad design IMO.
So after getting my HTC Thunderbolt from Verizon, I thought I'll give this booster another try and see if it'll enhance my reception.  Instead, it killed data reception.  I lost 4G and even 3G connection.  I should've known not to mess with the internal antennae of the phone.  Once I peeled off the booster, my 4G was fine again!  Buyers/Users beware!
9277	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I received my phone case about three months ago and couldn't believe that it was real leather!  I kept smelling it and joking with my kids.  The clip was a little tight and fitting my LG Voyager was a little snug at first, but after a day or so of taking the phone in and out of the case, it loosened up just fine (that's what leather does!)  The fabric came off of the clip about a month ago, but it doesn't affect the performance and the case hides the metal clip, so no one can see it.  I really couldn't be happier with the case.  I bought a cheap vinyl one at a mall kiosk a year ago that cost four times more and wasn't half the quality. If the belt clip had a better cover it would be a five star rating!
2756	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The battery does not charge the phone properly. I t takes like 5 hours to charge. The cell phone drops the battery charge after one hour of use. The battery is very weak.
7280	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked good for 1 year
Also, the LED light and the laser that are built are nice little bonuses I wasn't aware of when ordering, they've come in handy several times now.
cant make the phone ring and vibrate (bad for noisy places)
When we wanted to try to "white list" (unblock) the Verizon servers on our anti-spam server, their technical support and Verizon representatives refused to give us the IP addresses of the servers from which email messages are being sent. This was probably refused by their network administrators for security concerns and I don't blame them for this. I'm sure they will agree with me that the problem should be instead resolved within Verizon's system software solution.
2004	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	like it
1319	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect slim close fitting case and is well worth the money. The razr remains very thin since this case is wellcrafted. No bulk here and extremely stylish. Krusell makes the best cell phone cases in the world.
2. I had an easy install since I already had a hole in the ceiling from installing a network cable, so it was easy to thread the cable up to the first floor. If you needed to create a new hole in your ceiling and floor, maybe not so easy.

5)Purchased used from an Amazon seller, came in like new condition with all accessories and instructions for less than $200

3266	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Don't buy this cheap ugly product! Worst mistake in buying a case for my phone. EEW! Never Again! NO! NO!
I have also had no problems making calls, but remember, I'm comparing this to a Sidekick, and that was a crappy phone. I think you do lose something when you have a PDA phone, and that's when bluetooth headsets shine. If you talk on the phone a lot, I would suggest you get a dedicated clamshell phone as I have yet to fine ANY PDA phone that Excels (and that includes Treo, Blackberry and iPhone).
 D) Suctions well to a "Clean Windshield"

3.  Automatic power-down when charging - A *really* annoying aspect of the Jawbone is that if the unit is charging, and you get an incoming call, when you pull the Jawbone off the charging cable the unit usually powers down.  I cannot tell you how many calls I have missed cause I could not get the Jawbone to work quickly enough after disconnecting it from the charging cable.
8091	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for about 2 years and it is the best. Range, battery life, durability (I accidentally washed it) are terrific!  Dogtag IS geeky but I  usually keep it in my pocket with my iPod in my purse. I just recently tried it with my iMac and it paired quickly. I have found that iPod/iPad headset ports tend to "wear out" so this avoids wear and tear on my expensive gadgets. Latest use...iPad sits on kitchen counter playing video or Netflix while I roam around the kitchen listening and watching while making dinner.
All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.

The firmware is now different.  Most people did not notice the change, but obviously I did because the phone I had was not working properly.  Now that the phone is working properly, I feel like I can give a proper phone review.  Lets start with the look and feel.  The phone is fairly bulky, but it is not heavy.  However, I wouldn't carry it in your pocket unless there is nothing else in your pocket.  The screen is larger than the original N95 and is nice to look at.  This however leaves the buttons a little small, but not to a fault for most.  The phone slides in two directions and feels sturdy in both positions.  The media position is nifty to quickly change songs without exiting applications you are using.  The battery life is good.  I have used the phone heavily for an entire day and still had a few bars left(listing to music all day, using gps, and making calls).  The camera on the phone is appealing at 5megapixels, but the poor flash makes taking pictures indoors or in other low light situations difficult.  The camera also makes a fake shutter sound that is a little annoying(can't make it silent in USA), but by no means is a deal breaker.  The camera also doubles as a video recorder which works at 30fps.  There is no lens cover for the camera and this can lead to scratches and having to clean off your lens before you take a picture.  If anything, it makes you feel a little uneasy when holding your phone.  It makes the phone look more sleek than the original N95, but i'm not sure it's worth it.  The internal phone GPS works, but connectivity can be spotty.  Once you get a signal it works fine, but this can take a while(5-10min.).  It's also important to know that this phone is only GPS "ready" in my opinion.  I say this because voice navigations costs about $150 for a 3 year subscription(Some third party GPS software is slowly becoming available, but is not quite ready yet).  One strong point is the large number of third party applications available.  There are literally hundreds of programs that allow you to do pretty much anything with your phone and the phone won't lagg out as long as you remember to exit applications after you are done with them.  The phone will work with Att and T-mobile, but as others have stated the 3G will not work and most likely will not work in the future(even when T-mobile USA expands their network).  If you need 3g--I wouldn't bank on it(USA).  This review might sound a little negative, but I just want to point out the things people need to know about the phone before buying it.  There are reviews of this phone all over the internet praising this phone and I just want to point out the things I wish I knew before buying it.  The negatives are not deal breakers.  I really do like it a lot and I am not going to return the phone.

9630	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've used four the day I received these. 2 batteries in two different Invicta watches and 2 batteries in my Casio protek. All three are back working great. I'm quite happy with this purchase since big box wanted 8-10 bucks for two.
6444	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Love the way it fits and the reception is pretty good. I have had other bluetooth headsets and this one is definitely the best.
It also has a voltage range of 100-240v and that covers practically 100% of consumer electronic devices and all nations provide electrical voltage within that range. Most likely, you will not need a separate electric converter to use your consumer electronics device.
348	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with this product. No more charging mid day now.
3. most vivid clear screen I've seen on a cell

I would purchase this one again FOR SURE.  I've had mine for about 18 months and I'm sure at some point I will trash it and need another.  I'm really happy with this headset.
Further, once you set it up, you can only use it on one ear. Other headsets (like Plantronics ones for example) allow you to swivel the earloop to switch ears if you get tired of using it on one ear. The Jawbone doesn't do this.

7051	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exact replacement part for the OEM battery, charges quickly and holds a charge just like the OEM battery did. The price was unbelievable too! If you are one of those people that is rocking the good old flip phone and the battery is marginal, this is the one you need to keep on ricking the retro flip phone!
1164	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Over 100 reviews all rate the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CyberPower-High-Speed-7-Port-USB-Hub/dp/B0006TIA8Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CyberPower High-Speed 7-Port USB Hub</a>&nbsp;a good to excellent product for adding usb devices to your PC, Mac; desktop or laptop.  I don't disagree. I think it works as promised, and is well-built by a reputable company that backs its product with a lifetime warranty. I like the solid base and the layout of the device. It's powered (AC) and adds 7-ports to all my computers with plug-and-play compatibility. No driver disc or software to mess with is great.  Mine is already full and it makes me wonder why I waited so long to get it; swapping things out instead of using a hub.

I'm happy with this purchase.
I would like to play songs in a Music folder in the order they appear when sorted (my songs include a track number), as I can do with my Zen, so I can play an album in its intended order, or arbitrary mp3s in an order I have chosen. The only way to do that is to create a playlist for each folder. Without a playlist, you can play by Album and by Artist only.
The pod is heavy for its size and very attractive.


One minor note of caution - use the USB/Micro cord that ships with the unit for best results. Beyond that, you can't go wrong with the iTorch for backup power. 5/5
8391	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didnt work

3210	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is good, but I don't know if really block identity theft. size is better my old one. fit your wallet better.
*Pros *
I barely got to use the Jawbone three times before the earplug into which the earhook slides came loose, exposing the wires.  I have cases for all my headsets to protect them and gingerly care for them.

I was never comfortable with my $500 (now $300) 60CSx just sitting in the cradle so I loop the wrist strap around the handlebars.
Be aware that iTorch itself doesn't come with a wall plug but if you shop around on the net you can get one thrown in the deal for practically nothing.


6212	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Review for IMP52D (iTorch)



70	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	my daughter liked it for a few days and then i didn't see it anymore on the phone. Use your judgement on that one.

1678	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my 1st BT headset.. a good product.  It works well with my Razr V3 phone.  I'm a little hard of hearing so the loud volume of this unit is great.  Comfort is fine for hours long wearing.
7618	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had my Blackberry 8800 since May of this year and I already dropped it several times but I am still lucky that it did not create dents on my phone but only very very very little. This case for my phone will help me protect it from dropping on the concrete and create a big dent or even break it to the nearest extent.  I consider this casing very reliable and absolutely incredible and good price.
59	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this cover makes an old phone look and feel new. I like that I can order covers for little money and snazzy up my phone.
940	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Best Bluetooth earbuds I've ever used. Just as good as any wired earbuds. The only times i've had problems with them is when I go into the house and upstairs while my phone is in the car or when working under the car. Great earbuds!!!
improved mine by sniping off the metal clip, filing the edges smooth and friction taping the area at
1561	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	VERY COMFORTABLE BUT CANNOT KEEP A CONNECTION TO MY RAZOR WHEN IT WORKS IT IS GREAT SOUND QUALITY BETTER THAN MOST. AMAZON PRICE GOOD, AND DELIVERY GOOD.  TO BE FAIR REVIEWS HAVE TOLD ME THAT MOTOROLA IS A PROBLEM CHILD TO PLANTRONICS IF THEY SOLVE THAT ISSUE THIS WOULD BE UNBEATABLE.
8301	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	the case came in a good condition, fit my cellphone perfectly. the only bad thing was there was no protection for the screen. overall the case is strong because i have dropped my cellphone a couple of times by accident and no scrash on the cellphone nor the case
But, even with it's minor drawbacks its a phone I use in many




last winter storm knocked out power to my house! Great build quality, great

1) The unit itself is very cheap.  The adjustable arm used to clamp your phone has a major weak spot.  Mine broke right out of the package.  I made some repairs to strengthen it, but first use showed that this device does not work well with any smart phones.  I have an iPhone, and it's too wide and tall for this device.  You can't clamp your phone very well because of the cheap design, and the bottom ledge is too small.  After 5 minutes of driving, I had to remove my phone before it fell out.
5573	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price and features- Just what we needed on the lake!
All in all I think this company is on the right track and I hope the newer units are better and they have fixed some of these issues that I have read other reviewers have also complained about. I just can't afford to pay the prices for these units at this time.
I highly recommend the H700!
Pro:
9922	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am extremely happy with this headset.  I have purchased numerous others, including the Aliph models.  This is the best headset for listening, especially with my loud car.  People can hear me very well when I am driving in my convertible with the top down.  No other bluetooth has performed like this for me.

- Holds a solid charge - I was able to get about 4 full charges on my Samsung Galaxy S3 without any issues.  My tablets do take a little longer, but maybe I am just used to my IMP1000.  Exactly what I expected from a 1a output.
2504	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Yes it matches my phone.  Excellent head set, I hear them and they hear me.  What else do you need.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H500-Headset-over-the-ear-wireless-Bluetooth/dp/B000AQCBU6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H500 - Headset ( over-the-ear ) - wireless - Bluetooth</a>

Other stuff:
The Good,

3458	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was skeptical at first, some of the reviews said it felt wobbly or flimsy, etc. but it was a good price so I took a chance. I am very impressed so far! It very sturdy, in fact the flexible arm is very sturdy & strong feeling, once you put it in position, it STAYS there. The suction cup is great, really locks into pace easily. The mounting unit comes off easily and can be rotated fully, very very handy. I am using it with my iphone, at first I had it mounted to the windshield but I didn't like it obstructing my view. Now I have it mounted literally on the clear plastic screen that covers my instrumental panel. I have it off to the right side so it doesn't cover anything & the iphone sticks up just to the right of my steering wheel but not higher than the actual dashboard so it doesn't distract.

Pros:
Quick click - this one is easy - it always turns the laser light on or off - although at first, I was mystified at why this red light kept coming on & off -

9973	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Did not keep a good charge.  Was stated as proprietary, but my other one held a good charge and lasted a long time.
1065	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Am I glad I bought this?  Oh yeah...now that I know my paper shredder, which sits right next to my desk chair, is creating the highest electro-magnetic field in the house.  The needle spiked up to the highest red level and stayed there.  Scary.  How does one shred paper from a distance? And the simple fans that create a nice cooling breeze?  High.  And the microwave?  Unstable...high, then backs off, then high. I won't be standing in front of it waiting for my hot drink anymore.  But my large plasma TV?  Almost nothing. I had to put the meter up to within two inches of the screen before it even registered.  And my cell phone, surprisingly low.  I like that it has meter levels for different EMF's, electric and radio waves; a replaceable 9V battery; and it's light and simple to use with one hand.  Very glad I bought it.
The battery life is very good, the sound is great, the part that wraps around the ear is comfortable. This bluetooth is PERFECT in every way. It's the absolute best one I've ever used. Don't hesitate to buy this. Get 2. Get one for yourself and one as a gift. Whoever you gift this to will love it. Once you use this bluetooth, you will not want to use any of the others on the market. I'm so spoiled now, I can't imagine ever go back to using any of the others out there. This one is a keeper!
4540	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like this. Comfortable to wear and people say they can hear me better than on the motorola I spent over $100 on
9603	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this product months ago but had to wait until we moved to review it; our previous house had excellent cell coverage throughout.  Our new house, however, is a split-level with the living room (where we do most of our, you know, living)on a lower level.  Cell coverage down there is 1-2 bars with occasional dropped calls if you move around.
217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it works and the cool blue light is neat and helps to show its on. It does work and well... i just want an instant change from 9 percent to 100 percent in 5 minutes... but hey, thats just not gonna happen with any charger.. for the money this ones a keeper!
-  White color version would be good choice if available.
8084	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The otterbox superbly protects the iphone, and the looks are awesome. The holster holds the iphone pretty secure. The only drawback I have is the sound. Movies have almost no sound from the tight encasing. Overall, I am happy with this product.
Usually when we take long trips with our friends and family, someone is always asking for a wall charger and then they have to find an outlet to use.  Now we can just keep this in our bag and plug our phone in and keep going.  It does come with a red laser pointer and flashlight, which are cool features. I haven't used the laser pointer for anything practical yet, but the flash light has been useful more than I had expected.

1- You will only get a boosted signal from the base unit ONLY if the receiving antenna has a strong signal. I have 2 bars in my attic, where the receiving antenna is installed, and the coverage range from the base unit is only anywhere from 2 inches to 3 feet from the base unit.

Multipoint feature is nice. I can use the same headset and switch between desktop Mac, notebook Mac, as well as of coures, cell phone (Nokia E61).
4761	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really like this bluetooth which I bought to replace my older Motorola model. I have no issue with static or echo's and I use it while driving 4hrs round trip for work.
The ONLY downside to it is that you need a usb to charge it and you can't continue using it while it's charging. But it's a minor complaint. I Also think it'd be nice if it had a user replaceable battery.
7819	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, great price, fast shipping, hope to buy from this seller again...
8546	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My old charger stopped working, tried just replacing the tip and sure enough it works well again!!  Fits perfectly and sends a good current.

8991	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Airport has charging stations, but it's hard to use when people are hogging.  The place like a theme park doesn't provide a convenient way to charge with AC nor can't wait around.  iTorch provides a convenient way to charge and has enough capacity (5200mAh) to support most devices to last more than a day.  This is a better solution than buying an extra battery since this will work regardless of the models.  Besides, replacing a battery is a lot of hassle.
5533	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just to let you know, there is a trick to doing this correctly. first and formost the package comes with a lint free cloth to clean the screen. Second is the "soft card" to squeeze and air bubbles out of it. it's a soft piece of cardboard to slide across the screen protector and not damage it and or to remove it, if needed. (if done properly, not required)

8639	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I don't know about you, but I sure do hate seeing dust and smug marks on my touch screen as well as my internal screen on my LG Voyager. So naturally, I looked and bought these screen protectors. And I must say these fit perfectly on the LG Voyager!

2802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Went to local stores to find this product.  It is an old product but they were charging people like this brand of phone had just hit the market.  I am so glade I looked up  this battery on amazon.
Anyway, it came with a little quick user guide that was in english and i charged it up that night and it was ready to use. So far my call quality is better than my old phone....wierd. i was expecting crappy call quality but what you know! it was easy to program (there are lots of program codes online for this fon including if you want your id blocked and what not). i inserted the sim wrong and it kept saying no sim with the blinking x so i called t-mobile and after the customer service took the mobile id number, She said the phone should be ready to use. Of course i realized the gold plated end of the sim goes in last, the clear part goes in the slot first. Battery life seems good for now. i dropped it in the gym and somewhere else and it still works great. the little user guide was helpful in terms of knowing how to send text messages, know how to find the last numbers dialed and what not.
Fully charged, the New Trent iTorch took my iPhone 5 from 17% to 100%.  The second time I used it, the iTorch recharged the iPhone from about 36% to 100%.  The third time, my phone was about 17% and the iTorch charged it to about 46% before the iTorch itself was drained.  Based off of this, it seems that the iTorch may charge my completely empty (0%) iPhone twice.
7614	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery has worked great. After installation I usually get 5+ days of standby with regular amounts of talk time. The price was very good, shipping was quick and the battery arrive in perfect condition. I would recommed this battery to a friend.

1752	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy. Not made out of cheap material. Is still standing after most of the storms that we have. Serves it's purpose very well. I would buy it again if I need another one.  Bought this for my husband for his birthday. Our 5 year old son loves to play as well now.
*****  Besides credit number and you cell phone ID, give them all FAKE information.  ****

Cons: Video time is too short, a little to wide, could not hide numbers secretly, no flash feature for night camera shots.
can suppress all noise. Brother has " Jaw Bone ", hear noise when he calls me.
7021	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been usings Headsets for years. My job is tech suport/Customer service and I am on the phone all the time.


FIT:
Reason #1 to go with it: Since it is no longer available at Palm's Official website, and with the newer models coming out, chances are you can find some pretty sweet deals on the older 650.
244	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received this case very fast.  Looks and feels great, much more sturdy and heavy duty than others I have had.  I have now used this battery case on 5 rounds of golf.  After 4-4 1/2 hours of continuous iphone 5c use I have 100% of the battery on my iphone and still have about 50% on the PowerBear.  Great unit
Apparently, you need to have the cute little blue sticker on the outside of the box for it to work. To their credit, Jabra offered to cross-ship the unit, and Amazon is going to send me a pre-paid return label and will refund my purchase price and shipping.
4618	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Still using it!
Configuration, took about 2 minutes, 1 minute reading the manual and another minute doing it.  The manual is about 2 pages, pretty quick and easy, just follow their steps and you are golden.
MP3 Ringtones

6560	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am pleasantly surprised by how well this product works!  I've only had it up one day, and I may update depending on the system's longevity, but so far so good!  We are fortunate enough to have a home with a Radiant Barrier and Dual Pane Windows.  Unfortunately, both of those disrupt cell service.  Just outside, 3+ bars.  Inside?  Some rooms with No Signal (kitchen, bedroom), and other's with 1 bar and spotty coverage.  Mounted antenna outside, ran cable (the only hard part), connected, powered on, and 30 seconds later 5 bars within 2 feet of indoor antenna.  Now, we have cell signal of at least 2 bars, if not more, in EVERY ROOM of our home.  Worth.  Every.  Penny.
Plus, I really love that Mobal is helping communities in Africa. What a wonderful thing to do.


4872	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had the H850, which was one of the predecessors to this model. Loved it, but this model is much improved.  It smaller, sturdier and has much better sound quality. However... It's the folding boom that makes this a 5 Star product for me.  The H710 is more compact and comfortable than the old Moto folding headsets. This one is a much nicer fit, and nothing goes into your ear canal, so you can wear it without blocking out the sounds of the real world. The folding boom turns the unit off when it is closed. This saves battery, but best of all:  If you've ever accidentally dialed someone while carrying your headset in a pocket/purse, this is the headset for you! The retail packaged product includes a mini-to micro usb adapter to convert your old Moto charger.
2. Turns on and off with the swing out of the boom mike.

6737	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Had been stored too long...little energy left in it, only enough to power my watch for a day or two.
484	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	ok
8167	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Extremely cheap design, guess you get what you pay for. Lucky for me, I won't have the phone for very much longer.
I bought this phone because I work from home 4 days a week.  I make a lot of international calls and I had trouble hearing on my previous headset and land line phone.  I chose this phone because it had all of the features I was looking for and included the headset - meaning I would have no configuration problems.

6442	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Actually I really like this, price not withstanding. My 2 year old just broke my 2nd Plantronics 510 Voyager so I figured I'd get a cheap one the 3rd time around. I'm really surprised how much I like this. Sound is great! Distance signal not. I can go about 30 feet before hearing bad static. It's either crystal clear or loud static. Volume up and down is a little irritating as when you change the volume setting, it makes a little beep which blots out for those brief seconds what the person on the other side said. Comfortwise amazing. The 510 Voyager is bulky around the ear but light in the ear. You really felt the weight which got painful or irritating after a long talk time of 1 hour or more. With this one, the weight around your ear is nothing. The "bulk" of the weight is what goes in your ear and it's quite light at that. It's a little different to get used to, like there's water in my ear that I need to shake out but I'm sure it's just something to adjust to after time. I'm not on my cell phone all day for business meetings or anything but I spend long times on the phone as a mommy who is trying to do a million errands or phone calls while taking care of a toddler and infant. Ever tried crawling on the floor picking up Cheerios or running after a toddler to get him dressed while trying to schedule doctor visits at same time? For all the running around I do while talking/waiting on the phone, this thing stays PUT with no problems.
-Regarding surcharges people have written about, I believe that may be provider specific.  The only surcharge her provider, H20 Wireless, has is .15 per week.  Not even close to the .35 a day I've read.
887	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely excellent!  Has made using my phone so much more pleasurable!  Easy to connect and battery lasts a long time!  Were delivered ahead of time in great packaging!  Would buy again!
7388	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I use to drop my phone at least once a day. I got this case for Christmas, and I've only dropped it twice since!
913	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	best headphones for any occasion
The 1amp output is generally recommended for cell phones and Bluetooth devices.
Seems like a no brainer to order from the IMAXPOWER website when you get more for less,  plus you can pay by credit card or PayPal.
3427	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this strictly for the Belt Clip, and I use it with a "Bumper".
3864	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nothing remarkable, but well made and has been holding up very well now for over 2 months.
My best signal strength using a Razr, Storm, and Omnia was two bars on the west side of my rural property.  The YX510 would *sometimes* show a boost to 4-5 bars but it would almost always drop within seconds.  And it wasn't the "set-up" either.  As a last resort, I set this up in a pasture with no obstructions nor interference and was unable to achieve a consistent boost in signal strength.
The battery came with an almost full charge so I played with it for a while before charging. The laser pointer goes about 1/4 a mile before not being useful. The flashlight is very bright and very handy. The carry bag holds the battery and included retractable usb cord. The instructions were easy to read andnunderstand.


7478	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was expecting this phone from several weeks, and the final date arrived.
nitpick - LED for being "on" can be hard to see - its visable at night but in full sun hard to tell.  Not an issue since the lighter sockets get turned off when the vehicle is off.
* Sound quality:  At first I wasn't sure.  I dutifully charged the unit fully then paired it with my Moto phone (easily!) and made my first call.  Hmmm...some static and the volume seemed a bit low.  But for whatever reason, since then the volume is perfectly clear and loud and I have yet to have any problem hearing anyone else nor them hearing me.  I do think the Jabra defaults to a mid-volume level when turned on each time, but I turn it up and it is plenty loud for my needs.
Could be better:
4398	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I chose this card even though it had mediocre reviews because it was the only one I could find that charged by use, not a prepaid amount.  I went to europe and never used the card/phone and was charged for 3 text messages that I never got.  For $2.40 I didn't fight the error very hard but the fact remains I was charged for services not rendered.  Further, they were were after me for the $2.40 before I even got back from the 8 day trip.  (emails when I got home were already in my inbox)  Its not the money, its the principle, I don't like disingenuous companies.  For a lousy $2.40 they should have just said sorry and written it off.  I would have used the card on future trips but its in the trash now.

3275	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Price, Great Value .
A minor complaint would be that the sound quality could be a little better. But not bad though.
1887	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Bought these headphones (and the Sony transmitter) for my wife for Christmas. I have issue with the seller (DBROTH) as the item arrived in a plain box as opposed to Motorola retail packaging and looks like a factory refurbished item with no warranty card.

This phone has probably made me a Moto customer for life.
I don't use the volume or the mute button on the headset, so I cannot comment on the buttons.
Negatives
EDIT: The vent mounted clips broke after a couple of months. I miss my phone holder now.
I've no complaints about battery life yet - though I haven't pushed it to see how long I could go without re-charging it. So far, it's been getting semi-nightly charges - I don't tend to talk on it 'all day' though.


277	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Seems to work well.  No issues so far
i got it to sync back to the PC software database. i will have to look for an alternative.
Update: After owning it for 5 months, the above still stands, but I have found one small annoyance. Every once in a while, when the phone starts to run slow, you have to pull the battery to reboot the Blackberry. This involves pulling it completely out of the case and then re-inserting it into the case, which is about a 5 minute procedure to get it perfectly lined up and with no dust under the screen protector.
i had to buy another when a power outage (and subsequent power surge) fried the first one.  this newer version works much better.  the range is now about 40-50 feet with a stronger signal strength (according to my android phone).  i now have it plugged into a surge suppressor in case i ever have another power outage.


3867	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Poor design, cheap parts, and bad manufacturing.

I'm not sure how it would work with a FM transmitter attached as I'm using a cassette adapter, but I do know I have to take it out of its case to work with it, which has been a bummer. The mount does hold the iPod pretty securely, almost too securely because it's a bit difficult to get it out without taking the mount off the window. That may change over time as the device breaks in.

5. Great for conference calls.
since it's unlocked, I can use it right away with Wataniya in Kuwait


7433	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Never worked
** POINTS OF INTEREST **


Hopefully this will clear up any confusion with the product for your future reference.
4530	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had this bluetooth for about three weeks.  And it does not work anymore I had the motorola headset which was great.  Just wanted something new and up to date I will be taking this back two radio shack tomorrow. To get another plantronics another try.  But if you buy make sure you keep your reciept.
I put my little case on it to keep it clean and it snapped right on. I put my SIM card in and it's been nothing but go! I'm foreseeing good things with this phone, I even signed up for a Media Net bundle. I think I made a good choice.
No background wallpaper: Because of the deaktop icons, background image isn't available

7119	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The product works as advertised. It has no problem pairing with the iphone. I have minor problems setting it up at the beginning but it was fixed after I turned it off and on. Unfortunately, I lost it within a week.
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.
So anyways onto the repair...  Even if your headband has broken in two this will still work.  It will only take a little patience and $5.00 of materials from a local hobby shop.

9799	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed and they work.
6826	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great batteries!
Next feature:  Noise Reduction.  Aliph makes a big deal about their noise reduction technology, and having now used it with amazing results, I understand why.  They DESERVE to tout their success in this arena.  Yeah, it is that good.  Watching the videos they have on their website demonstrating the quality made me curious, but I admit to having my doubts that it could really eliminate background noise to the extent that they promised.
The OtterBox case fits amazingly well. The only part of the phone exposed is the trackball. Please note, this is not a slim case... it adds about 3/16 of an inch to all sides of the phone. But it coddles your cellular investment in a nearly indestructible shell of plastic and silicone.
6380	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Fits the LG Voyager nicely but it is made of poor quality materials. I have been using for less than 2 months and mine alrerady show significant wear. At the 59 cent price you can afford but a dozen and throw the old one away every month or two.
3006	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I lost the original case so was in desperate need of another one.  Perfect match to the one I lost - just like one I bought from the phone store.

The indicator lights could be brighter; in the daytime, they are too small and too dim to be useful. For this level of function, the price is right, though.
2710	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The sound is very good for both people that hears you and you that hear the other party, is very easy to handle the buttons (volume, on/off, etc) I completely recommend it
The phone would constantly lose cellular reception, and it would not automatically pick up.  I would have to turn the phone on and off.  This alone gives this phone a 0 out 5 stars.  But that's not all.
693	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thus far, I haven't had any problems.  Everything went smoothly, I could have ported number if I wanted (After puchasing) I got two numbers 1 digit a part all in my area code.  Everything went well, would recomend.

I've re-assigned the 1-press key for Email to start the Messaging app, and long press starts the CryptoGraf Messaging app to encrypt my messages.
Live TV, (Daily Show, et al.) Sirius Music, email, youtube, whatever you can imagine.
then same issue.  I was only offered a refund and not a replacement.  The product in my book is suspect.  Be advised that you may have to go through multiple purchases and shippings in order to receive a functional device.
7883	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I thought I would need one of these for my iPhone in order to use a headset with a normal 1/4 inch jack. WRONG! my Sony's work just fine without this convertor. Don't waste your money, not that it's a lot, you just don't need one....
  -Pretty aesthetics

If a device is connected to the IMP52D to be charged AND the battery pack is turned on, blue light 1 will illuminate, whether or not the IMP52D is itself being charged - if the IMP52D is not itself being charged, the blue lights 2, 3 & 4 may illuminate depending on the battery pack charge level -
Some flaws: Bluetooth pairing is simple and intuitive, but I am a bit confused about when it automatically pairs with my phone and when it does not.  A visual indication on the tag (it does have a colored lcd and backlighting on the tag) showing connected/disconnected status would be a nice enhancement. Also, I get occaisional drops when playing music if I am active and the phone is in my pocket. Also, having the tag and earbud wires draped around your neck can lead to some tangling when it is not in use.  Some wire management innovations would be nice.
4939	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my morphine juice pack, lost the adapter that came with. I turned out this fit better than my original one. But lacks in sound quality a little not by much like when you listen to some Bluetooth speaker. Seems little tight on female end, but no big deal. Make sure not to focus when you insert/pull. So far works well with iPhone earbud, beats studio, and my Audio Technica. Oh yeah delay respond on attached remote on both apple earbud and beat studio...\


1338	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This device is very portable. It could be a little louder, but it is marketed at 4 watts, so be forewarned. I can barely hear people over my exhaust. If you have a normal quiet car you will not have any problems. Otherwise it is easy to setup and use, it is very portable. Just remember to shut it off to conserve it's rechargable internal battery. Also remember to turn it off so that you won't be dropping calls while you are near your car (like washing it).

to listen to classical music on my Sony Ericsson Walkman cell phone.
The box talks about noise-canceling technology, but I think they're referring to something useful for phone conversations.  I can still hear sounds in the environment when I'm listening to music, but it's not intrusive, and the music comes through loud and clear.

8475	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	WORTH THE MONEY

6288	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We bought this external battery pack in anticipation of a LONG (28 hour) trip with our 2 year old to see my wife's family in Singapore and Malaysia. It was the best purchase we made.

The Parrot has some thoughtful ergonomic design.  Very functional.  For example, when you turn your key ignition off while on a call, instead of going dead and dropping the call, it continues to to stay on and asks you if you would like to transfer the audio back to the phone!  How cool is that.

pointer. The flashlight isn't incredibly strong, but it comes in handy
- Available apps
  -It has decent screen savers.


This radio comes with a headphone jack, an antenna that unscrews, and looks like it will be waterproof.  Thanks Cobra.

3562	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works well.  I thought the small cradle had a lock mechanism on it but it does not so when you use it make sure you are not moving a lot of your phone will fall out of it.
I am taking away one star because of the weird format - it extends another inch or so off the T60 frame. It may be worth to note, as a positive, that the battery shape does not prevent attaching the laptop to the T60 docking station.
 * After about 8 hours, blue lights 2, 3 & 4 are continuously lit, presumably indicating the IMP52D is fully charged
8857	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	charges quickly, is small and is s very attractive device. does exactly what it's supposed to do.

7682	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After researching many other phones, I purchased the Nokia E51 and I am delighed with my choice.
Con - This one is unfortunate. Look at the band. The black watch can be classic. Look at the Moto version with its own black metal band. Looks very elegant - surprisingly so. The stock leather band also has completely black buckles and straps holders. Blends in without being obtrusive. Unfortunately Tylt didn't see fit to cover the very shiny silver buckle and end bolt the same black color. As a result, what looks like a very sharp and somewhat sporty silicon band looks more like the stock plastic bands you'll find on digital watches like Casio, Timex, etc. And since the buckle is so high up, don't expect to put a classy watch face on the top and have it be mistaken for anything else with the silver buckles present. I hope they take this into consideration for what is an otherwise great watch band that I think justifies a more premium price.
Design: A-, flip-boom works well, but not as advertised (see below). Buttons are few and easy to use, main button is a bit sensitive. USB charging is a real plus.

Con's-
9122	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had the iTorch for about a month, and it provides peace of mind as a backup charger for my cell phone and tablet.  A full charge is able to charge an Android Ideos X5 phone more than once over (about 150% of phone battery capacity), but it's only used when I forget to charge the phone.  It's possible that the battery discharges over time.

-it's not free?
1. Upon restarting the phone it shows "startup failed, contact the retailer"

Another maddening problem with the Buds is no fast forward or rewind. I didn't think to even look for this feature, I assumed no one would make a headset without it. Turns out they do. Another thing I'm ecstatic about never hearing again is WELCOME TO THE MOTOROLA BUDS!!!!!!!!! DEVICE ONE CONNECTED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  literally blasting in my ears when i turn them on and forget that the buds are still in my ears. No way to adjust that and it appears they want to be sure deaf people know the headset is active. Loud beeps when you adjust the volume, too.
So I get my Z9 today. Menus seem clear and simple enough. I'm coming off 5 previous Nokias over the past 10 years, my last Nokia was a 6102i and let me say if they had put an SD card slot on it it would have been perfection for me. I really do love my Nokia and I like simple, easy to use phones with a hint of fun. But it's obsolete with its 4MB memory (I wish I was joking). The screen is beautiful. I put in my 4 GB microSD card...not nar a problem, it has easily been recognized by my computer and is ready to go (it's downloading as we speak!) The exterior is nice, the color really is not as bright red as you see in these pictures, it's very rich looking. I'm not having any problems with the keyboard (the Shine bugs me more with the lip at the bottom). I think this is a wonderful upgrade, really nice introduction to Motorola for me, the RAZRs just didn't catch my eye but this phone has a very classy look to it.
7620	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this case after dropping my 8830 a few too many times.  It was easy to use, goes on and comes off in a snap.  It even made it through a little bit of water without destroying my phone.
1554	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works flawlessly with my HTC TyTN, HTC Advantage and the HTC Excalibur S621.
My installation is in a steel-framed and steel-skinned building -- getting a signal inside was basically impossible. The outside antenna is on an old TV antenna mast 5' above the building roof, and the inside unit is sitting on top of a suspended ceiling in the center of the main area. Now I get 5-bars on Sprint anywhere inside the building, and 3-4 bars within 10 feet or so of the building outside. Our ATT data card gets a 5-bars signal also. (We are thus using both bands on this unit at once.)
That's been the only trouble though. Oh, and the thing is so small it's easy to lose in a purse for sure and easy to forget when you put it in your front jeans pocket. It's had a few close calls with the washing machine.
4145	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	After a few weeks, the back of the device broke off in the charge, exposing the circuit board and preventing from charging. I super glued it back on and covered the glue mess with black marker.
Next is ease of use. I like the placement of buttons. The main button on front has a definate click to it so you know you have pressed it and doesn't leave you guessing. The rocker volume dial on back is great for adjusting volume and can be reversed if placing on your left ear so rocking up is always louder and rocking down is quieter. Pressing the dial in also has function as well. Neat, simple design and easy to access with larger fingers. Again, 5 star.
the cut.

5796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	El celular Motorola es de excelente calidad pero lo unico negativo que tiene es la carga de bateria dura muy poco, hay que tener el cargador en el carro y en la casa listo en todo momento porque siempre se descarga muy rapido.
So even though I like it quite a bit, the H710 is going back. The one MAJOR minus kills all the pluses for me. They ruined one of the best features about the H700 in the "upgrade" process. So if you don't mind YET ANOTHER power adapter to keep track of, this is a pretty good headset. If you spend a lot of the time on the road and your phone is charged via a mini-USB connector, you might want to search a bit more. I'll likely look for another H700 again.
1. Slight crackling when I put my phone in my jeans pocket, or have it more than 5-6 feet away. Very clear if the phone is in my shirt pocket, or on my table within 5 ft, but that's about as good as a wired headset. I was very surprised by this, since my phone is a Nokia Xpressmusic 5800 and I thought the two would get along really well
Another reason why I like this case is that it easily fits in your pocket with no bulk :-) and I could never go with a silicon case it makes your iphone look ugly...
The battery cover.  Ugh, the manifestation of evil itself!  You have to take the battery cover off to remove the SD micro card.  You also have to take the batter cover off to reset the unit.  Now, I've only had one system crash in the first 3 weeks, but that was because I was trying to load some really old AOL software that wasn't designed for this Palm OS version--and I paid the price.  The cover isn't the worst thing to get off, but putting it back on sure is.  I've kind of gotten the hang of it, but man, total loss of a star because of it.  There is no inset reset button on the back of this phone like other Palm devices of yesteryear.  Having one of these small reset buttons in the back could have made me somewhat overlook the battery cover.  Bummer.  Palm, what were you thinking?
- Jabra Support is lackluster
8609	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Greatttttt
Update 6/9/07

1524	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Plantronics Voyager 510 is a great headset for the right situation.  I've owned a 510 for three years, this latest one to replace the last one the dog chewed up (literally).
8247	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a very smart looking case. Fits like a glove. I looked at this a half dozen times over several days when I was looking for a case for my Blackberry and kept coming back to this one. Excellent grip and the black and yellow really makes this stand out. Friends are very impressed at the looks of this OtterBox case.


2115	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Synopsis:  This phone is sexy, rugged and feature-packed, and highly recommended, if you can look past its few flaws.
The WEP200 is great for people who wear glasses because there isn't an extra hook that goes over your ear.  The tiny loop on the WEP200 earpiece is flexible and does a good job of hooking or bracing the unit in your ear.  You can also rotate it to fit it in your left or right ear.  I've been able to freely talk and move my head around without feeling like the headset would fall out.
I have been using this to make calls and listen to music for the past 2 weeks now.
Im actually glad they're dead because now I can replace them with a proper set and I was too cheap to do it while they still worked. Good riddance.
6789	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted
1269	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is light, easy to use and very comfortable. Before I bought this product, I did a research of my own and ask for suggestions. This item was recommended the most. I am happy with this product and I would definitely recommend it to my friends and my family.


6904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Happy with the purchase. These silver oxide batteries appear to be the original Energizer batteries, nothing much else to say!
a. hard to feel whether or not if you pressed the power/volume button or not, there's no tactile feedback when you push. They do work though.
If you opt for PDA like a Blackberry with any carrier, you will have to pay an additional $25/mo to be able to access the Internet. Nokia's smartphones are more expensive to purchase because they don't come with service in The States, but they are cheaper to operate because they can be configured to us the Net w/o hefty, monthly PDA fees.
JIS "1" Vertically dripping water shall have no harmful effect (Drip resistant 1)
4541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	**Using this with the iPhone 3G**  This is my second Plantronics headset and I'm very impressed.  I did get a cheaper headset inbetween the two and it wouldn't even pair with my iPhone.  So I went back with what worked.  It paired easily and has been doing well.  The one thing that I have a problem with is the distance.  They say I can go up to 10 meters away and still not have a problem.  I'm sure that distance is padded a bit, but I have problems if I even go upstairs.



5769	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Having lost/ smashed several expensive bluetooth headsets, I decided to go cheap. There wasn't anything cheaper on Amazon at the time of my buying, and I love Nokias, though I've only use their phones.

The GGS screen protectors were easy to apply. I sat near a window with bright daylight streaming through, so that I could see clearly that there were no dust, oils, or fingerprints on the LCD. You peel the protective plastic from the front of the screen protector, then peel the adhesive backing off, line it up, and stick it on. Press around the edges with a lens cloth to ensure that the protector has adhered well. There was one snag: When I removed the adhesive backing from the large protector, some dust appeared on the underside. I think this was due to static electricity. So I had to wipe that off with a lens cloth and make sure the underside was perfectly clean before I stuck it on the camera. It was fine, but make sure there is nothing on either side of the protector before you apply it.
2568	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you've been reviewing Bluetooth headsets, you've probably heard it all.  They don't fit your ear, they echo, callers can't undertand you, the battery dies too quickly...  I purchased this item about a month ago, and haven't found any of these complaints to hold true for this headset.


266	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my phone because i found that all the games and apps i liked to mess with were real battery killers. even with the abuse i put my phone through i can get away with only charging this baby every other day. took one star off because the plastic back that came with it was super weak and i managed to crack it in the first few days
6722	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Batteries are as listed and described, better than at the store.

Update 18 months later:  I've gotten to the point I don't notice the unit behind my ear but it is still noticeable when I'm wearing glasses.  Recently, I started riding motorcycles again and the headset not only works, but stays in place when I'm riding.  If you wear a helmet that fits properly, you'll never get it on over the Plantronics but, if you ride dangerously, this is the unit to use.
But, at first, I was getting audio from just one channel - Jiggling a bit the cable at the base of the male end, 2nd channel started working but was getting static noise by just moving the cable.
I contacted Wi-Ex and they told me that the max range of the boosted signal will be 15 feet. That's right, he said 15 feet. They why do they advertise full house coverage? And also claim a 2500 sq ft home coverage on this unit. I was also told that if my input signal is only two bars, that the output from the base unit is reduced to a lower radius/range. This is not what is advertised. As a matter of fact, while I was on the phone with the rep, he kept asking me to repeat myself because I kept breaking up. He asked me to repeat myself three times, yes, three times, and my distance to the base unit? About two feet at that time and the bar strength indication on the phone? That was at 1 bar!! Yes, 1 bar!!!

1087	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It arrived early than expected. The headset didn't look like the one on the picture. I was expecting to received the one just like in the one in the picture here with 1 earpiece and a mic with volume adjustments but instead they gave a a real headset with two earpiece and a mic with no volume adjustment. But still it does the job I just can't lower the volume down via the headset.
3376	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These cables have replaced the old cables in order to be played on a HD tv. The quality has improved 100% and is very enjoyable on a large TV
2275	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works exactly as described.  Purchased for my Yaesu VX-8DR and allows me to transmit on high with or without a battery connected.  That is exactly what I wanted as the stock AC adapter does not have that feature.  Highly recommended for anyone with a compatible Yaesu.
7565	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had pretty much this exact case for my Galaxy S3, and was DELIGHTED it was available with belt clip & belt loop in nylon, no magnet closure, for the Galaxy Note 3.
The other weakness is that the little eargel falls off very easily in your pocket or if it hits something, so its a pain not to lose it.  Otherwise it is comfortable and the sound quality is pretty decent on speaker and microphone.
Pros:
3217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very comfortable and works great with my old Samsung Rouge. When I upgraded to the Droid Motorola Razr M, it fit as well. It sticks out of the top a tiny bit, but after biking and hiking, no problems at all.
Pros:
Overall, if you don't mind the (slightly) larger size, I would highly recommend this device. Decide for yourself if you would prefer the home AC outlet charger (340 model) or the USB/Car charger and case combo (350 model)

Edit: emailed cyberpower and within a week they provided a new AC adapter free of charge! Great customer service.
5546	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This battery last way, way longer than the original ever did. The only reason I am not giving it that 5th star is because it sticks out the back of my laptop just a touch more than the original battery did. It is of no concern though as it does not effect the function at all.
7782	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Wish I had bought the H700.  Had one, lost it.  Bought the H710 because I thought it was the same with minor technical upgrade.  No discernable difference when using.
5990	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works just as described; charges our cell phones faster than plugged into traditional outlet; love everything about it; taking on our trip to Disney and have no doubt it will do the job
***UPDATE***

-Battery standby life on this battery is awesome.

6929	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Si, es muy buen negocio el comprar estas baterias que ademas de ser de calidad sus precios son imbatibles. Felicitaciones.

Only 2 stars since, I feel if a cell phone has certain features they should work.  Reception IS clear, however I'd ALSO expect less dropped calls for a 2 hundred dollar phone.

After about 3 weeks of use, my device would not charge anymore.  Then it started emitting a high pitched noise while it was connected to power.

FAIL

If this battery lasts, in good condition, for as much as a year, I will be completely sold on this product, and will likely remember the name "PowerBear" the next time I need a battery.
5675	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product was delivered in good shape and it works well i have no problems at all with this purchase
463	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Item works as described and love how the clasp is strong and also not made of plastic where it bends.
9699	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Works as advertised.  Fast shipping.
Among all these, I decided to keep the Motorola H710. It is _nearly_ perfect in all aspects, the only minor drawback compared to its predecessor, the H700, is that it has a micro-USB charging connector rather than a mini-USB one (I have tons of mini-USB peripherals, including my cell phone, camera, etc...)
Other than these, I like this phone much better than others.


6488	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works. This will boost your signal and sometimes even get you service were you would otherwise have none. I would rather have spent the extra to have a more seamless installation in my car. The antenna wire is tougher than it looks but gets it the way.
I've already recommended these to others so I guess I like them that well and at $35 they're a steal!
>>> Edit: Had this for less than a week and the case melted.
My main objections are two. The voice dialing function in the LG is markedly INFERIOR to the Samsung. The old phone almost always recognized my instructions and the internal voice responses were clear and useful. The LG has difficulty recognizing my commands, even after training, and it's internal voice responses are very hard to understand. This may be minor, but after knowing how well the function COULD work, it's a disappointment.
5659	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had an iGo charger for some time but haven't used it since they stopped selling the tips at the Sprint store; had absolutely no issues in the past w/ previous tips. Tried one of the $2 chargers and it stopped working in about a month so I got this tip compatible w/ my Blackberry Curve. Works great. Ended up getting another tip and charger for my wife since we have the same phone and her $2 charger stopped working too!
3593	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My primary reason for purchasing this case was undoubtedly for the kickstand.  Overall it offers minimal protection and gives me a slightly more "good" feeling about it's survivability when it comes to my children.  That being said, the case has a few pros and cons.  The cons being more nitpicking on my part and don't really amount to more than one star dropped from the rating, if that.
9526	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install if you can make calls out side your house

Have used it with both a Nokia 6230b and a T-Mobile MDA (HTC Wizard) - no issues with either.
I would give this product a 4.5 rating, with the 0.5 deduction from being a perfect 5.0 score being due to having to provide my own iPhone charging cable since one was not included due to a license issue, although two were included (one for Android smartphones and the other for a Samsung Galaxy).

The only difference between the Body Glove and this one was that the Body Glove had a piece that actually locked the kickstand in position.  Outside of that, no problems and no frustrations like I would find with Otter Box.

3002	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought the protectors because I liked the thought of the mirror. But Was very disappointed. The protector scratches very easily and looks unattractive. U need a protector to protect the protector.
Instructions are provided on how to work the multi-function button,
5314	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Texting keyboard, nice colors (I have a royal blue), it's a camera, it's a camcorder, it's an mp3 player, it has video options, you can get ringtones from [...] for cheap (you only pay for the minutes you use on the internet downloading the songs/wallpapers, whatever), after a a few seconds of inactivity, it locks so you don't waste the battery as much (just unlock/lock it by pressing and holding the back button for about 2 seconds), you can surf on the internet (it's free/or isn't free depending on the plan you get), tons of settings and tools to fool around with and much more.
There are a couple of things that you need to know. The signal is great, but drops off once you step away from the base unit. After about 30 feet away, I am unable to make calls, but that was remedied by putting the external antenna higher up. I bought some TV antenna masts in 5 ft sections from Lowes and the antenna is now 35 feet up in the backyard and that helped a lot. I am also going to purchase the directional antenna. Even though the signal is fine for calling/ I want a stronger signal for using my Verizon Aircard on my laptop. (We are too far for cable/ DSL) There are people on here that had bad experiences with this product, and I am sure that was due to improper installation. The tech support is really competent, and answered the phone right away.

Ear-gels are LARGE or Small... no in-between sizes, so you have to "trim" a large one if you want Medium size to fit
6738	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really good quality for the price.
things on or off. The iTorch also comes with two charging cables, a USB
Luckily, I do not live in NY and the nuvi200 seems to work most of the time in my area.
battery packs to try to extend my usage of my gadgets but they have never
1229	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Should I blame Microsoft for it? Some friends think I should...
It works in the USA, Hong Kong, Korea and Mainland China (probably more)


I don't care for the "wave" effect on the back and I would prefer an all-matte finish as opposed to the combination matte/gloss finish
I'd definitely recommend this to a friend who was needing to have battery with them for emergencies or for short trips, as it is easy to carry and has the addition of the laser and LED lights.
While I have had it less than 3 weeks now, the battery has only been charged once.
707	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Yep, we (consumers) allow phone companies to charge us this 'optional' charge. ... It is obviously a government allowed ripoff that just goes to line the caughers of the phone companies.  They charge it for land lines AND wireless connections.  Just check ALL your phone bills.  I would not be supprised to see the cable companies be allowed to charge this same fee.
There are lighter bluetooth headsets on the market, but most of them are more expensive, less comfortable, and easier to lose than to use.  I've tried the earlier Motorola, the S9 ROKR, a Jabra and one of the "wire hook with tiny peg for the ear" models, and this one is my favorite.  Is it bigger than most bluetooth headsets?  Yes, but still tiny enough to conceal in the palm of your hand.  It it heavier than newer sets?  Not by very much.


9777	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They're Energizers.
I have an iPhone 3G. When you first pair, everything works as advertised. If you take you phone and go to the store, by the time you get back, the Calisto has stopped connecting with the iPhone. In order to get it to work again, you need to un-pair and pair again, a time consuming operation. I reported this to Plantronics and was told "Sometimes if you don't usually turn off your phone, it can lock the bluetooth link between the phone and headset to where you have to turn phone off and turn headset off and then turn your phone on and then your headset. We try to recommend that you at least turn your phone off once in awhile so that the link doesn't get locked."

While the Jawbone's noise cancellation does seem good that's about all it has going for it because your voice still sounds muffled, soft and digital-like. Further, the Jawbone is too big and bulky to comfortably put it into a pocket to take with you.
5) photos in jpeg form sometimes render wacked out thumbnails of random colors often pure green and or red.  (jpeg is supposed to be supported)
Second is the music and video players. The player that
There are only 3 buttons on this tiny headset.  The main multi-function button is a good size and the two volume buttons are very small.  The volume buttons are pretty difficult to press at first but after some use, you'll get the hang of it.  I was also dumbfounded as to why the volume UP button would be on the bottom of the headset rather than the top until I realized it is because I wear the headset on my right ear.  If I put it in my left ear, the UP button would indeed be on the top.  The multi-function button allows you to pair your headset, answer/end calls, redial, and activate voice-dialing.  Samsung unfortunately, decided to make the redial function activate with a single touch to the button.  Every headset I've ever used made the single touch be voice-dialing.  The problem here is that you will accidentally call the last person you spoke with on numerous occasions.  Even when I try to end the call, if the person ended the call before me, and I push the button to end, it will redial them.  I've done this several times already.  Samsung was not using their heads on this at all.  To activate voice-dialing, you must press the button and hold it until you hear a beep.
Nav of settings, utilities, etc. is a little complex.  There's a handful of ways to get at phone settings, for example, and there's probably a million little shortcuts you can use... and would probably not want to memorize.  Programmable front buttons let you choose oft-used apps (Camera and Bluetooth, for example) and it supports one-touch dialing... well, one-key plus the green "ON-Go-Dial" circle.

3769	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	would buy from again would recommend to friends and family
3740	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	so so...functional
Answer/End button on the boom, which is easier to use than BT250V's button on back
I'm not sure why there's such a discrepancy from one buyer to the next, but after reading some reviews that said AC chargers were not included, I was prepared for it to go either way.  Luckily, both kits I bought came with the AC charger, so I was happy about that.  And YES, I bought both of mine right here on Amazon and they were shipped by Amazon direct to me.

8977	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The iTorch feels nice and sturdy in your hand and also comes with a convenient carrying pouch to keep the battery pack and usb cable together. The built in laser pointer is definitely a handy addition to the power pack that is great for presentations. The added led flashlight is also useful. However, it isn't as bright as I would have liked. I like the fact that the battery pack charges by microusb. This makes it much easier to charge when you are traveling as almost everything has a USB port. When using the battery pack to charge my iPhone, it was very fast. The added capacity that the battery pack provides gave me more than enough power to be unplugged from the wall for the whole day and more.
- The 2.0MP camera is actually pretty good. It takes great outdoor photos.
I saw this case and thought what have I got to lose?  Even with shipping it came in under $10.00.  I can say that I was just amazed at how nice the case was when I got it!!  It does look professional, and I like the magnetic closure much more than the velcro closures.
1353	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked great.
Bottom Line
7836	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this for my original 2007 iPhone.  The one with the recessed headphone jack.  Remember that?  You had to use the then-new super-skinny headphone jack that came on the apple earbuds, or buy an adapter.  Well, the product description said it fit (it was later changed).  I contacted the company to complain, and they said I'd have to pay to return the item, which cost more than buying a new one.  So I threw it out.  Too bad.  Waste of time and money.

Also, the button doesn't give me any trouble at all.  It has a comfortable shape and feels sturdy enough.
Pro's -

Retailer Gizmoco shipped it Friday, got here Monday.  I highly recommend both this seller and the product.
-It would charge higher capacity devices slower, but then again maybe its because other devices have a high capacity storage.
3933	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The thunderhead shower head is awesome.  It is huge in comparison to regular shower heads.  It was exactly as described.  I had bought this for my husband and he loves it.  It's like standing under a gentle waterfall and massages as it cleans.  The nipples on the shower head are made of like rubber and if one of the nipples aren't spraying, you just squeeze it a little and it's totally like new again.  We have well water and the pressure was not very good on our old shower head, but with this Thunderhead, it's just great.  You could stand underneath it forever.  I would definitely recommend this shower head to everyone who wants a great, relaxing, cleaning and spa like feeling of a shower.  You won't regret this purchase.  Makes great gifts too.
-Large solid clip, easy to slide on and stays on to belt waist.

6104	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery pack just works and it works great. I have used several

1039	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	solid tool, even compact enough, very sensitive and measures all the common radiation types.
The V330 is a real winner!
Sincerely,
9562	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have installed several of these for customers in low signal areas, and I have to say it is amazing! My last install the customer was getting one bar and also used a Verizon mobile hot spot for internet. Not only did the cell reception improve dramatically, so did her internet speed! Easy to install and set up, I can't recommend this product enough!
- Carbon grey and anodized blue color is slick; nothing else like it. The back side of the phone, when in the up position, is where the anodized blue metal is. Amazon doesn't show a photo of it. It is stunning.

It's so well designed it surprised me at how well it functions too. You just don't see great style and functionality combined very often these days.

Observations:
2) A mounting bracket with strong adhesive on the flat back portion that will stick on the dashboard of your car if desired and will hold the cradle unit with phone. The thing I don't like about that is it's a fairly permanent attachment that might damage the car if you try to remove it.  I'm also not delighted with the moveable arm to which the cradle attaches as it moves around too easily so the cradle with the phone in it doesn't sit steady.
Compatibility: B+, no problems pairing. "Flip" boom connects / disconnects quickly, but only when your (non-Motorola) phone is in standby mode; the stated "RapidConnect technology" for answering calls appears to be a Motorola-only feature. Headset has full handsfree functionality that is very easy to use. However, it occasionally emits a soft beep that has yet to be resolved.


a decent buy
Aug/1/2008 update:

5897	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!
I don't know how long it will hold a full charge without using it. I've gone several days without using it and didn't see a noticeable degradation in charge. After the Sandy storm disaster, this might be a good thing to have and keep charged up. In an emergency, if used sparingly, the IMP52D will extend your cell phone capabilities by many hours.
1)  Very attractive shiny blue finish.  Downside is that it is very easy to get fingerprints on it.
2709	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This headset works ok. It doesn't hold up to everday use as some others have. Had problems losing connection at times as well. I used it with a Nokia 6165i. It's not great just ok.
Bottom line: I have continued to drop this phone and my heart doesn't even skip a beat. Considering the heart skipping price for the phone and how dependent I've become on the little sucker, this case is invaluable!
The battery life is also great - I used it for 5 days straight now, and I work in the delivery industry and talk a lot in my car, and charged it for the first time yesterday.


3707	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works great with Line 6 G30's
9516	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	At first this product did nothing. I installed it several places.  I was just ready to put in box to return and decided I wanted to give it one more chance. I told it out loud, "work or dump, you decide." Normally I don't talk to products but this time I really needed this product to work. I hooked  it up and it finally did it's job. I was thrilled.
Cost:  $25 to activate/prepay/load phone.  The $25 covered the activation and purchased her 200 minutes.  All that I have to do is add $10 every 90 days so that her minutes don't expire.  Now THAT is perfect!
My only suggestion for this product is a dedicated on/off button for the battery, laser pointer and flashlight.  This current product requires you to cycle and hold the sole button to get to the function you want.  At the very least, it would save time.  This is merely a personal opinion however, and I did not feel the need to drop off a star rating over this idea.
Two things to be aware of: 1) this is not a waterproof/sweatproof device. I have sweat a lot on mine without a problem, but I've heard other people complain about that. I just clean mine off after having it on my collar and it's good to go. 2) The volume buttons on the headphones control just the headphones, they do not control volume on the phone/ipod/ipad you are connected to.


9446	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Very disappointed in results. Did not amplify cell strength. Plastic should be thicker.
commuters and others who do not have immediate access to standard
==============
3929	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The water pressure in the house is straight off the well so it is not that good.
395	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is so beautifully made I am ordering every color it is well worth the money. I was looking for a quick replacement but this turned out to be one of my best purchase at Amazon. I highly recommend it to anyone.
The CPU is very fast at 350MHz, Bluetooth 2.0+EDR, Mini USB 2.0, 2.5 mm A/V connector. The BP-6MT 1050mAh battery gives me great talk time and standy time even with liberal use of bluetooth and WLAN.
3234	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was completely happy with my Motorola Razor.  However, it didn't have the option to expand the memory so it let me to this phone.  I'm fairly happy with this phone.

6620	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I live in a low lying "dead zone" which made it virtually impossible to reliably communicate with anyone via cell phone - am I'm talking on the major networks like Verizon and AT&T. Since I have installed this system, I now get FOUR BARS in the room where I've placed the antenna and 2-3 bars throughout the rest of the house. Yes it's a bit of work to install - you need to mount the receiving antenna on the outside of your house and then string the cable either through your attic or basement - but it works incredibly well once you've got it in place. I work from home a lot and needed absolutely reliable cell phone coverage and this device delivers it!!!

1313	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	All I wanted was a simple hands-free ... this one includes a button on the mic that answers (short click) and hangs up (hold for a couple of seconds) ... AND it also enables voice control (be sure to turn key lock delay OFF on your phone) ... I can dial by name, by number, check voicemail -- all from the headset. And ... btw, ear volume is great (I had to dial mine DOWN), unless I am just accustomed to junk. Finally, the thing is a little floppy in the ear ... but no worse than any other I have ever used. Phone is v3xx.
5361	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you're looking for the ultimate impact protection for your BlackBerry Curve, this is the case to have.  Yes, it's bulky and isn't for the pocket phone carrier.  But, if you are a business traveler, field tech, outdoor worker, etc. this is a must-have.  The case fits snugly to the phone all around, allowing normal access to buttons and great protection for the open ports.

1)  The Jabra JX10 has a squarish shape with fairly sharp corners.  I have had problems with the headset digging into my ear.  After a few hours of wearing it, it is decidely painful to remove the headset.

1363	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good no issues

5665	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Already had the iGo charger but needed a different tip when I got a new phone.  This worked great with the Motorola Droid.
5)  The sound quality is very good.  I can listen to music through the regular speaker on the phone and it still sounds good.

Con's:
The company told me I could "gently" bend the loops to fit my ear better.  They also recommended Jabra ear gels instead of the Aliph ear buds.  They also recommended a place that can make a custom gel earbud (for about $65 + shipping).
What's in the Box:
Conclusion:

The Nokia PC Suite software I downloaded (not from at&t) is a little buggy, though.
4570	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The description is for iPhone screen protectors. I got iTouch screen protectors which do not fit the iphone and and are larger. now i have to get the right ones again!
1094	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It says it's compatible with all Motorola handsets...  It doesn't work at all with Motorola/Giant Talkabout FRS/GMRS/CB 2-way radios having 2.5mm jacks.  Very disappointing.
Calls came in loud and clear (on T-Mobile), and the touch screen works great (with haptic feedback). The loudspeaker isn't as loud as my Motorola ROKR E6's, but it's good enough.

315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great
6818	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping great price, just super to deal with.
2466	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my first Krussel product and I got to tell you it won't be my last. No only the packaging was nice but the case itself is a great piece of work. Sturdy, nicely designed and atractive, it's worth every penny you can pay to protect your precious cell phone.
1044	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This stuff really works.
Charge is LONG (up to 6 hours)
Solution #2:
2843	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is really not for a 4gb or 8gb it is more for the 120gb zune.  Perfect for storing all your cords & zune in car or under seat in car.  Very durable case and great pockets for storage.
For its high quality, good price/performance, and ease of use and control, I give the H710 a "5".
Since the set up, we've been consistently at 3 bars, not the complete 5 that we wished we can have but it's definitely better reception than what we had before.  Would definitely rec!
1126	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	ok, so this is only a USB 2.0 hub, not a 3.0 hub, but if your computer only supports USB 2 then this is all you need. Plug count/location is as follows:



6843	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good

283	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This thing works fantastic! No over heating goes all day with no charge.
1950	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had a chance to purchase and try 5 different blue-tooth headsets for my Motorolla V710. This list includes the Motorola HS805, Plantonics Explorer 120. Tandystar G2, SOYO BTWLHS01; so far the Scala 500 has beat them all and is inexpensive too. Bought the siver one
Ability to take pictures,

The big "but" is, I'm an active guy; gym, running, and hiking. Most of the battery style cases don't offer much in the way of protection from moisture either from sweat, or the unanticipated rain shower while outside. I obtained an Otterbox Defender case, which I have found provides the best all around protection from both drops, scratches, and also moisture. Moving the phone between the two became a huge hassle just to get the phone charged up, and also I lost moisture protection when using the battery case.
3931	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had poor water pressure and really didn't think a shower head could fix it without fixing the whole plumbing. After some research, I cam across this and figured it was worth a shot. My shower is now AMAZING. Is it a little cheap looking because it's plastic? Sure, but my hard water can't destroy now either. Do they recommend you not putting in the water reducing thing-a-ma-jig? Absolutely! If you're looking for shower-power, why would you want to save water?!!?

around $38 this is well worth it and will last at least 500 charges!
2654	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This mirror screen protector is kind of neat! When my phone is off, I can see myself quite clearly and it has been handy at times.  However, putting it on, one has to be quite careful.  It is difficult to get rid of the air bubbles and what is most annoying is that air bubbles are almost inevitable because the screen does not perfect conform to the dimensions of the behold. It still is a relatively good fit though, and in conjunction with a case, it looks and feels great!
5728	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thank you do much for this belt clip replacement. Me and Mt friends clips Brooke and desperately need a replacement. And low and behold I found it here at Amazon. Thank you.
I also don't understand people's complaints about flimsy construction.  This thing feels really solid to me, almost more than necessary.
* GPS with Nokia Maps application and optional voice navigation.  Various third party applications (e.g. Google Maps for S60) support its built-in GPS as well.
1316	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This wired Motorola RAZR headset is better than a Bluetooth one for these reasons:
5199	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've just had this for a week, so I am not sure how long it will be this great, but is the best Bluetooth Stereo device I have ever bought.  The sound quality is great; the included ear buds are of great quality.  I use this with an AT&T Fuze phone for music and phone.
4082	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	i have t-mobile & ordered this phone (i live in northern california) & when i made phone calls, i heard a lot of back ground static. don't know if the phone was defective or what, but it was no good for me. i returned it.
This is fantastic as it doesn't clog your ear. Your ear can breathe.
5578	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	worked as expected and kept as a emergency radio for boating.
Looks good
Favorite features:
  - Status light is in the back behind your neck (not a problem if you have eyes in the back of your head).
4. Good battery life (but watch out if you want to use the wireless and Bluetooth together all day).
Key spacing and tactile feel
7708	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this cute model by eBay two months ago for my 9 year old daughter, and is excellent cellphone controlled by parents, She can just call the list of people I add to the contact list + 911. It has excellent reception with AT&T (h2o wireless pre-pay) $10 every 90 days. Good for my budget too.
2) The sound quality of the microphone is just so-so. My friends that hear me on the other end of my calls say it sounds somewhat muffled compared to my Plantronics 640. They can still clearly hear me and understand what I'm saying, but in a relative comparison the 640 has a better sound detection circuit.
3607	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am completely satisfy and overjoy with this Boxwave Leather Cluth for my Samsung Galaxy Note 2. I was totally
918	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	keep up the good work
1595	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've owned and used several different models over a couple of years, and the 510 is hands down the best I've used so far.  Battery life is excellent, fit is excellent, sound quality and mic quality is excellent.  Got mine when the price temporarily dipped to under $40, cannot beat it at this price.  Highly recommended.
4596	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have tried a lot of BT headsets with my BlackBerry and this one is the only one that (1) is loud enough for me in the car or other places with noise, (2) is loud enough for the other party with out me having to speak up, and (3) provides sound quality for the other party that they report is as good as the phone or a wired headset.
2928	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have always loved this phone
**** UPDATE ****
Finish easily scratched
5582	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Makes me feel secure on the sea. I listened to the Coast Guard perform a rescue. Excellent on my boat. No problems. No Installation required and easy to use. Easy to use and quick to understand. Paid for itself on first use.
(IMP52D):
9814	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I received very quick and just like others have said just plain white envelope.  I put it in the watch and seems to be working good so far it's only been about a week
9805	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THE PRICE IS LOW AND THE PRODUCT WORKS WONDERFULLY. I PROBABLY WILL NOT HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER WATCH BATTERY FOR YEARS.
-During a phone call, I can hear the other person just fine. However I have to speak loudly in order for the other person to hear me. And I sound muffled according to the other person (like I am talking with a cup in front of my mouth). If I speak in a normal voice, many of my words are cut off. This is with the engine idling, the windows closed and the car stationary.

The only improvements I could suggest is to have dedicated on/off switches for the flashlight / laser pointer features.  Using the same button for 3 functions is a little complicated and not ideal.  Also while not an issue for me, I could understand if some users would prefer for the device to ship with a wall charging cable.
All in all I still will give it the 4 and a half stars but since I cant give it that I will just give it 5.. Blackberry has earned it... I would totally recommend this phone to people of all ages and not worry it just being for teenagers or just adults.  I hope I gave enough information for you to get this phone or not to get the phone but I don't know... But just comment me to let me know what you think!
3477	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice finish, stylish, and perfect fit. I love the kickstand feature, so that I can watch YouTube without holding the phone.
Built-in Laser Pointer (great for presentations or playing with your kitty)



- Plays MP3's and allows you to make playlists


Auto-shut off - Once device is full, unit shuts off to conserve battery
my phone has been dunked, crawled on in dirt and gravel, splashed with mud, dropped and generally abused. the case is not water proof but is water resistant enough with the silicone sleeve to keep out all but extended water exposure.
Next, I bought one for my dad. But, he's one of those old timers that will never change. I can't seem to get him to put one of these 'new fangled things' on his ear. I guess these aren't for everyone! :)
-speakers sound fuller and not teeny

6318	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best bluetooth headset designed as of yet ever made. It's very comfortable, the quality of the sound on both ends is great, easy to charge unlike other bluetooth headsets that I've owned where you have to diconnect the ear hook and place the bluetooth in a small charging case which was a lot of hassle.  I have purchased four of these H710 sets recently for myself, friends and family! Fast reliable free shipping.

Screen: Auto rotation is somewhat annoying but it can be disabled.
4377	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This item is to small iphone does not fit in very well very tight.
1917	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently bought a new cell phone (Sony Ericsson Z520a) with Bluetooth. I spent a few days researching the various headsets out there, and soon discovered that only a handful appeared to be worth buying -- and all were between $100 and $150, which I did not want to spend. I came across these by accident, and couldn't find any of the negative comments common with headsets in this price range. Granted they're only Bluetooth v1.2, but they're light, have a built-in rechargable battery, are quite comfortable to wear, and have very good sound quality. In addition, the pairing process is quite simple.



Original review:
A little pricey but well worth it! Get it!
Buggy. Have to reset once in a while. 1st call sometimes dumps.

I was able to clip the speakerphone onto the visor OVER the CD wallet thing.  The clip is very flexible.  The face of it acts as a universal button for power on/off and making/ending calls.
SCROLL DOWN THE PAGE AND ORDER THE ADAPTER YOU MAY NEED.  Save yourself the aggrivation of ordering from HONG freakin' KONG!!!
I definitely recommend it to anyone looking for some extra juice for any kind of USB chargeable device.
4502	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this headset to replace a cheap(er) Nokia model that was taken when my car got stolen. And I'm glad I did; this Plantronics model works much better, at least for me.
I suggest you buy a MOTOROKR T505 instead, which is what I got for myself (it has better volume and can transmit the call to an FM station on your radio).
4318	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been using a cellphone for a long time and have used lots of corded headsets with varying results.  I had a few bad experiences with Bluetooth early on and felt that it just wasn't ready for the prime time.  A friend got an older Jabra headset and it was terrible to talk on--static, breaking up, muddy speech--I basically REFUSED to talk to him while using it.
4214	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought 2 of these...one for me and one for my partner. Unfortunately for me, I paid retail at BestBuy, but oh well. It stays on/in my ear pretty well. The different size ear loops have to be tried out to get the best fit. The sound quality is great in and out. Sometimes my phone answers and the jawbone doesn't  but I'm not sure if that's a problem with the phone or jawbone. Time will tell...
7298	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	My mom missed having a RAZR phone and I got this for her. But, when I got it I was excited but after opening it I realized how cheaply put together it was and it just felt so brittle in my hands. I don't recommend this unless you like having a crappy cheap phone or just for a backup.
5506	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Works as you'd expect, but is very flimsy and unstable.  The thing jiggles around on the windshield making it impossible to read without steadying it with your hand...  Owned it for 3 months now and haven't used it after the first day.
1070	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I played with one of these at Best Buy and thought the display was hard to read and the knob and buttons felt cheap.  When I ordered my unit I got the newer all BLACK version display panel and these things have been improved.  I chose the 3100 model because I realized I don't have a lot of space on my cars dash to put a lot of displays.
4362	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	these headphones are perfect for working out, bike riding and anything else that you may do actively.  no wires means no interrupting when performing outdoor activities.  Just remember you need a2dp software for your phone to get the full effect of these headphones.
Bottom line: I love this case, it's lasted 2 years and works as well today as the day I got it.  Buy it now.  You will not regret it!!!!
7114	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have yet to find an iPhone 5 case that will accomodate the plug from my Shure headphones, so I'm left using these kinds of adapters or going without a case.

720	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I tried this out because my old Bluetrek that I loved died.  Actually, I killed it when I forgot where it was and sat on it.  I was impressed with the advertised battery life, and took the plunge.  Shouldn't have.  While it is SUPPOSED to work in a range of 33 feet, I found that if I merely put the phone on the opposite side of my body, the connection gets fickle.  You get lots of staticy noise if the phone is more than 2 feet from the earpiece and in a direct line of sight.  Sort of defeats the purpose of the bluetooth technology, doesn't it?  And the static is NOT just in your end; my girlfriend complained about it more than I really even heard it.  So if yo get this, be prepared to anger your party on the other line.  On the plus side, the sound is nice and loud in th speaker.  That's about it.  Try something else, like a bluetrek or motorola or something.  I am trying the Motorola next.  This thing is trash.

-- Instability.  I have to reset the device 2 - 3 times a day; it constantly hangs.
238	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is absolutely amazing, more than doubles my battery life, so I can forget about carrying my charger all the time.
4639	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good

I have also noticed that if you use off brand iphone cables the unit does not charge fully or as fast as it would if you used official apple cables. This unit can be charged with your apple charger but its inconvenient to carry around and the fear of losing that cable is always there.
The manual that accompanied the phone looked water-colored. It looks so fake that I did not even bother to read anything from it.

That's not the case at all, I'm afraid.
- Does not interfere with daily use of the tablet in any way.
2477	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I'm sad because it came to me defectively,doesn't work. So I have to returned and now wait for my refund!!!!
1495	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am a moderate user, and this device will be charged long enough for me to go Monday through Friday at work.
542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Do not get this if you have an iPhone. I have a iPhone put this on it and did nothing this is not compatible with iPhone do not get is for your iPhone


All in all, I highly recommend it, for music playback primarily (in a car that lacks built-in BT obviously). For having long convos thru the built-in mic, not so much.
The earpiece is very comfortable to use and at many times I find myself placing my hand over my ear to ensure that my device is still attached to my ear. The sound quality of the H710 is outstanding! I have never noticed any "echo effects" when using this ear piece and I can hear my callers with crystal clarity. The boom-microphone allows you to swing it open when in use and to swing back to the closed position when not in use.
A piece of flexible metal - looked around my parts box and found some sort of bracket - strip of thing metal, and I cut it as it was a bit big. Bent it to cover the top and bottom of the band and gorilla-glued it. After 24hrs, put black duct tape around the repair job and it's lasted several months. I actually cut off a small part of the broken band near where it snapped because I have a thin face and wanted a slightly tighter/snugger fit - and that's what I've got now.
4040	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THIS CABLE WORKS GREAT AND HAVENT HAD ANY PROBLEMS WITH IT SO FAR BUT YET THE ONE IN THE PICTURE ISNT THE SAME ONE I RECIEVED BUT THE ONE I DID RECIEVE LOOKS A LITTLE BETTER BUT IT DOESNT CHARGE MY PHONE AT THE SAME TIME I HAVE IT CONNECTED BUT NO BIGGY RIGHT HERE STILL THINK ITS DESERVES 5 STARS!
1. Camera is slow and not very clear, but none of the camera phones I have seen are very good either.
3309	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	cool
There are negatives of course (two major gripes: short battery life, hangs sometime at menu button), but again, it's 5 stars considering price/functionality. Id be willing to buy it's next incarnation even if only the hangs/bugs (firmware update is useless) and some hardware (processor, battery) are improved, and everything else stays, incl price, the same.
3678	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This skin is very impressive. When combined with the screen protector, it is the essential protection for your blackberry 8800. It feels good, doesn't come off prematurely and fits the phone just right.
The dedicated charging case is also very small and has a dedicated charger with a unique charging tip (does not work with a mini USB connector or most other charging hubs)
Cons:
1057	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great
2005	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	it was ok to used
Also, this thing is built so ruggedly, that I don't think I could break it if I tried! Well, at least not from a simple drop this time. Highly recommended!
weBoost included a dashboard mount bracket in the kit. This mount secures to the dashboard with a peel-and-stick adhesive. This is where I balked. I've never attached anything to my padded dashboard and I didn't intend to start now. The instructions are very clear on how to mount the bracket on the dashboard, but this meant I would have to deviate from the instructions and try a different approach; which I did. Enough said about that.

3509	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Hard to find is easy here. just what I needed.

9871	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
Well, duhh, what about my silly SIM card - well, that's a great concept and all, but the SLVR defaults to save contacts on your phone, not the sim card.  So either I manually open 300 entries and click Edit then click Save To then click SIM card on a SLVR/RAZR OR...do the export/import from the Phone Tools program - the export was faster for me.  Also, back in 2003? or so my Pre-Cingular AT&T sim card would NOT work in my Cingular SLVR/RAZR so I didn't even attempt to see if my Cingular SIM would then work in my Post-Cingular AT&T phone anyways.
Now for the important part:  how it works.  The Jawbone was simple to pair with my cell phone (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HP-iPaq-6945-Unlocked-Cell-Phone-with-Wi-fi-GPS-MP3-Video-Player-SD-U-S-Version-with-Warranty-Silver/dp/B000ILDSLO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HP iPaq 6945 Unlocked Cell Phone with Wi-fi, GPS, MP3/Video Player, SD--U.S. Version with Warranty (Silver)</a>), as most Bluetooth headsets are.  More importantly, I've paired it once and it has maintained that pairing without issue ever since, unlike the previous headset I owned which lost its pairing at least once a week, usually while mid-conversation.  This is annoying, certainly, but for a user that won't use their cell phone while driving without a hands-free device, this is very unsettling.  If I wanted/needed to continue a call while on the road, I disconnected the call, pulled over to re-pair the two devices, and then started my call and my trip again.  This is a major issue for me, so I am extremely appreciative of Jawbone's reliability.
5315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	A word about Sprint: They used to be the best, and they are now the worst. The absolute worst.
1936	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Bought a refurbished phone to replace an original VX5200 with a broken hinge (5 years old, phone still worked but wasn't going to last forever).  Verizon was able to transfer contacts from old phone and we activated it over the air without difficulty (couldn't activate it on-line - not sure why, probably due to the age of the phone[?]).  The only glitch has been a message "Phone number has recently changed, please enter PIN" that appeared a couple of times but did not effect the phones operation.  If you need a replacement at little cost - this seems to be the way to go.
Without ECHO CANCELLATION the only reason to purchase this model is if you are trying to annoy the person on the other end of the conversation (e.g. ex-boyfriends, ex-girlfriends, ex-husband, ex-wife, or irratating teenage kids).
Apart from that, it's a very nice mount for my 1st generation iPod touch. With the extension arm, it keeps the iPod within reach in my 2001 Honda Civic so I'm not fumbling for it when I need it.

6705	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I read the reviews before I bought this product so I had an expectation that in my environment it would work correctly....and it did.  It's important that you can find a signal sweet spot...most likely outside of your house...that is within 30 to 50 feet of the area where you want to boost your signal.  For technical reasons you need a separation between where the receiving antenna is located and where you want to place the associated amplifier.  I was told by the tech dept you can locate the receiving antenna further than 50 feet away but there is a cost signal wise that is about 7db...appox 1 bar on most phones... for each 100 feet.  In my case the cable length needed to be 62 feet (I had to put a 12 foot extension on the 50 feet supplied) to allow my receiving antenna to be in the best sweet spot I could find on my property.  The sweet spot was a location that was between -82db and -85db which is about 4 bars on most cell phones.  The line of sight is about 30 feet away from my inside problem area but in order to run the cables I needed about 62 total feet of cable.  The end result was that although my cable needed to be longer...the signal strength at my sweet spot was way more than enough to offset the extra cable length signal loss.  The bottom line is I have a wonderful signal where I used to not be able to talk inside my house.  I placed the inside amp box near where I previously had no signal.  I recommend this product to those who have a sweet spot they want to "move" inside.  If you do not have enough signal anywhere then do not buy this product.  This product simply allows one to move the best signal to a new location...but that location has to be within a reasonable distance away.  One more note...it is very important to take a lot of time to find the best sweet spot you can find.  Most cell phones can be put in a mode where you can see the signal strength in decibels rather than bars....the lower the decibel number the better.  You need to know that it takes most cell phones 15 seconds or more to update those numbers so finding the absolute best sweet spot is not always fast.  Sometimes 1 foot movement can make a huge difference signal wise so take your time to locate where your receiving antenna should be mounted.  Also it helps to know where your cell phone transmitting tower is and point the receiving antenna towards that tower.  This might be a problem for some consumers to find but if you do know the direction of your cell phone company's tower you can fine tune signal reception in a fringe area.  I suspect that if you find a sweet spot of 4 bars or more the actual location of the tower will not be a huge problem but it certainly will help.  None of this is hard to do and it really makes a difference between getting a fantastic signal inside to just a marginal one.  The 30 day guarantee is great for those who cannot make this product work in their location.  Well worth the money.


4297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have not had been forced to figure it out yet but on initial use I could barely hear the conversation.  The people I was speaking to could hear me fine but I could not hear them well.
Price is right.
9307	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Ordered this case after reading the description that clearly and plainly states it's "leather".  Case arrived in a timely fashion.....but it is NOT leather.  It's some type of vinyl.  I sent it back and they did refund my money, so no problem there.  I just don't know how they can advertise it as leather when it obviously is some type of vinyl.
8244	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Case for my Blackberry, i have dropped my phone buncha times and no damage to my phone. The Plastic Sleeve works great keeping your phone clean and dry. I accidently dropped in some water i was able to hurry up and get it, i took everything apart and phone was fine. Belt clip is good and strong, its cost more then all the other cases but it Protects better then all the other cases.

I tried the little stubby magnet mount antenna that came with it, but ultimately used the taller magnet mount I had used with the old sleek, since I got 1db better signal with it, and the cable was already routed through my pickup to the dash. I'll keep the shorty for use on my other car if I go on a long trip, or just save it in case the other one breaks or stops working.
7261	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	this phone is the worse shapping i have done
The problem started when the people I was talking to couldn't hear me.  Only 4 months of use and the microphone already stopped working.  Since I had bought two I figured I would be fine, I would just use the second one while I search for another bluetooth.  Unfortunately, the second bluetooth didn't work.  I didn't even get the opportunity to use it once.  I could hear the person clearly but they could not hear me at all.  I tested to see if the bluetooth was on mute and that wasn't the case.  I noticed for the other motorola bluetooth reviews (h17, h20, h21, h500 etc) the complaint is the same, the microphone doesn't last long or doesn't work at all.  I think it is terrible that such a great design could have such a major flaw.  There is no point to a bluetooth if the person cannot hear you.
3097	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product.
The next and final reason for the 4 star rating is because I think it's an awkward idea to just have a person tap the brown wire to ground in order to get the Onstar level louder or softer. Why didn't the makers of this unit simply put a push button on the unit and label it the Onstar volume button so one could just simply push it momentarily to adjust the volume? Currently I am not signed on for the Onstar service anyway so I guess if I get in a crash I'm out of luck by them.
4574	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I actually never used it but here is why.  When I finally got the package it was folded in half with tire marks all over it.  Like the mail man folded it, laid in on the street, backed up right on top of it, and proceeded to power brake and burn out on top of it.  needless to say the screen had unfixable creases and was barely still in the wrapper.
1. Very flexible and can fit as u like.

Milton
We liked this enough to buy three...one for each driver in the house.
Regardless, it seems like they should last more than 30 days even with the hygrometer reading always on. Say, 90 days with daily use.
9967	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has totally revitalized my husband's old phone. He's happy with it that old phone and I'm happy because we don't have to change plans and I get to keep my unlimited data awhile longer.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-Mobile-Freedom-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B00069IQG0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech Mobile Freedom Bluetooth Headset</a>
Awesome price.  Would have paid double if I'd bought this at an electronics superstore.
324	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Luckily my fianc&eacute; had the Galaxy S5, i ordered it for my Galaxy S5 Active. IT WILL NOT FIX THE GALAXY S5 ACTIVE. She loves it too bad i ended up ordering a replacement original battery instead for mine

495	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a lovely purchase the gift went over very well The item is still being used Love it Thank you

The good: This is a very durable headset (mine went through the washer and dryer and still works after it dried out for a few days).  The multiple options for ear pieces, flexibility of the design (switching ears without carrying extra accessories), compatibility with lots of phones, antenna design solving cross body communications for some phones, charging options with USB and power (you can wear it while charging comfortably), and battery life all are great. It connects to 2 devices at a time though you can obviously only answer one of them at a time.
9469	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Went from no bars at home to a minimum of three.  Can now actually use my cell at home.  Works on clear or cloudy rainy days,  Glad I found this solution.  My cell provider is AT&T.
990	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Not work
1131	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this product thinking I was going to be able to have all my USB connectors in one place. I was wrong, not sure if there is a capacity max or the item is defective. I was out of town when it arrived, sonI never returned. Don't waste your money.

I also discovered that the earpieces from the ICON and ERA also fit the older Jawbone perfectly and I don't have to use that silly ear clip (which is uncomfortable after a while).  Much better.
9. Any extra applications or help you need is probably already on the internet.
8369	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is the best... I can now play my music from my iPhone and Sirius without and cords to the aux port.  The sound quality is also very good.  I did have to request the manufacturer send me a filter to prevent some of the "hissing".  This only happens in some cars and specific to some hybrids, in my case a Prius.  They sent it to me for free and now the music is crystal clear.
Having the ability to switch to an "Airplane Safe" mode is also a plus, as you can still use the games and MP3 player while on a long flight.  Obviously, however, you won't be able to send or receive calls or data while the phone's in this mode.  The switch between these two modes, however, takes less than half a second.
3283	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This case is priced well but don't expect to be metal or aluminum, its plastic looking like aluminum. its a good cover overall and will protect phone.

FITS SNUG OVER THE PHONE, YET NOT BULKY. STAYS PUT. I HAVE HAD SOME BRANDS THAT ARE THE FULL RUBBER AND THEY KEEP MOVING AROUND WHEN USING AND HOLDING THE PHONE.
the design is decent - wish the silver bezel was just black instead and the volume slider recess makes the product asymmetrical.
4645	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product! I highly recommend it.
3095	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to add some screen protection to my old handhelds ranging from a few Nintendo Game & Watch games to Game Boy to Game Boy Advance to DS to Neo Geo Pocket.....  Each of the 10 sheets measures 4 1/8" by 3", the diagonal measures 5 1/8". The screen protection film appears to be of the last generation, not one of the new Japanese PET film types which leave little bubbles and are easier to apply. This one requires some effort and pretty much always leaves bubbles which are difficult to get rid of, but they don't both me at all. The quality feels solid and you can feel you're protecting your LCD screen. Each sheet is also easy to cut with sharp scissors but i'm sure if you have a paper cutter that's even better. Easy to trim.


The phone camera is not top-end but decent for daytime use. Of course the speakerphone quality is high quality as usual with Sanyo phones.
Overall this is a very well built charger and gives peace of mind when


This unit is going back to the manufacturer buy one check it out and return it if you agree.
4777	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exacty what I expected and wanted! I am very picky when it comes to cell phones... I don't want flip phones, I don't like full keyboard phones and I wanted a flat and compact phone with business applications and tools. For decades I am a convinced and happy Nokia user - It just never dissapoints when you know what you want!
1356	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was looking for a sims card for a phone and I put that and here I get. Sims for a tablet . Not happy
678	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought a compact car with little storage for my cell phone, sunglasses, and garage door opener. So for the first time I saw a need for a product like this, enabling me to use the dash for stowing things without having them slide away. I found it to work well, and it is reasonably priced. It can be easily trimmed with scissors to fit a storage compartment. It appears that one side is "stickier" than the other; thus some folks may have problems with it.(No mention of this in the directions)

I would recommend this product to anyone.  It works just as advertised.  Its easy to use and easy to store.  Backpackers, campers, teens, adults and devise geeks would love this battery.  I'm not often impressed with everything I get, but this device.  4.5 out of 5 stars.
9310	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Apparently,  most of these reviewers got a glass screen protector.
7251	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have had 4 phones since this flip phone.
950	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works well with the iPhone 4 sounds clear on both ends when making calls. sounds amazing when listening to music. Glad i switched from the LG tone + to this.
3470	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good
(5) Receives and transmits better than your cell phone;
I have yet to use my iTorch while traveling, but I normally spend a good bit of time airport hopping, and am always baffled by how an airport designed to handle millions of people a day will only have 13 power-plugs in the entire building. Knowing that I can watch videos all day on my phone without hunting down a place to charge makes this device worth it alone.

i purchased the cheapest i got it.


But these are niggling complaints.  This is perhaps the most beautiful and beautifully constructed phone you can get that is not a Vertu.  Yes, the glass front is going to get fingerprints, especially when you use it as a music player, but if you keep it in your pocket those smudges will be buffed out.  The phone is just heavy enough to feel substantial without being too heavy, the keys have good feel to them.  Nothing on the phone feels flimsy (except maybe the cover on the charger) unlike my V710; this baby really raises the bar for mid-range mobile phones (and at this price, it's mid-range).  Reception is extremely good, even better considering that analog is left off this one.  Battery life is amazing considering how wafer-thin the battery is: I get about 3 days between charges with moderate use of the music player and bluetooth connection in the car.  If you are more popular than me (and who isn't?), you'll be charging more often.
The manual identifies 3 button clicks
3770	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned many cigarette lighter extension sockets in my 40 years of driving and these are by far the best that I have ever seen. I have installed 4 of these in my cars. One of them is in my 2013 Lexus ES350. The installation is easy and the setup is so beautiful that Lexus technician asked me if I had it professionally installed. Be sure to use large industrial grade Velcro. It is expensive but it's worth every penny. Get it!
1# The Treo's have large color screens with full keyboards, but are still small enough to fit in your pocket.

9803	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these batteries because I needed to change batteries in 4 watches. The batteries did the job and I should be goof for the next 4 years.

Cons:
1224	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This has been the third bluetooth headset that I've owned. It seems that there really is no PERFECT headset, every one has something that might not please some people. After being completely dissapointed with my last headset, Motorola HS850, I started shopping around for a new one. I got interested in this one, but at retail stores I never found it for under $100. I did my research, and after I found it on amazon for about half the price, I decided on this one. I'm very happy with it so far. Have had it for about 3 weeks. I use it with my Cingular 8125 Pocket Pc. Pairs easily, and have had no problems with it. Great sound quality, all my friends and family can hear me perfectly. This is the first behind the ear type one I've owned, and I love it. I can wear it comfortably for hours. THe range on it is consistent with the 33ft advertised. I havnt had any problems with "bluetooth static" at all. Now, the one downfall to it I might point out is wind noise. I drive a convertible, and sometimes the mic picks up the wind noise a lot. but other than that, Love this headset. Definately recommend it


While not cheap, it is the least expensive alternative available, and It Just Works(tm).
6251	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this principally for traveling but also for those days where I'm not in one place long enough to charge.  Overall it works great.  I have an HTC Thunderbolt and Rezound which are both not very nice to their small stock batteries.  While being subjected to constant gaming and video playback, this backup has been able to keep them both charged to at least75% at all times during 12 hour days in airplanes.


I've purchased a few battery packs in the past.  and this one by far is the best designed and the most sturdy.  The casing almost feels metallic even though I'm pretty sure its plastic.
This review is written with my iPhone 3GS which is fully discharged
You simply set your Blackberry on the pod and it immediately starts charging your phone.  (You need to use your old charging cable with this pod)
The only caveat to this service is that you get dinged for an entire minute even if you only used 2 seconds of it.  But with all the other good stuff that it does have, that little detail doesn't bother me a bit!
The reason that I had a palm phone because of the convenience to use the contact and dial the person right away. But now it takes lot longer for me to make call which take away this advantage.
My only issue with the H700 (and this has been fixed in the H710) is an extremely short range; if I left my phone in my pocked while talking on the headset, I would hear some subtle crackling; take the phone out and hold it in my hand and it was OK. While OK for "car use", I ended up returning it and getting the H710 mainly for this reason.
Only other gripe would be the charger that is dependent upon a USB port for power, rather than electricity from a household outlet....if you are far from a computer, recharging the earpiece can be impossible.
2) Random beeping noises when phone is idle.
That's it everything else is normal and great about this phone.
===========================
Be aware that both antennas must be facing AWAY from eachother to prevent interference, as my initial install had some trouble with this.  Once I re-read the directions and turned the internal antenna to face away from the exterior it immediately fixed the issue.  I am very happy with the product, especially after being told by my father (40+ years in the telecom industry) that all cell-boosters were snake-oil products.
7242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The seller did not realize that Its a Motorola RAZR V3a.  There is a difference.  It does not take sims cards.  It says V3a on the inside of the phone.  I wanted a V3.  This phone is not compatible with T-Mobile.  Its only compatible with  alltel.  I was also sent a cable to recharge with out the plug to put into an outlet.  very disappointed!
  There may be a removable multimedia card feature on LG's
About the blue LEDs on the side.  It may be nice if when the battery is charged, if the light turned off and maybe would turn on when you turned the unit on to show the power level.  As it is, that LED is bright in the bedroom, stays on as long as it's plugged in, and I had to put the unit in the enclosed case while plugged in to dim the light so I could sleep.  It is quite bright in a dark bedroom.
-ergonomic
For the majority of people, this is the only headset I would honestly recommend them. The only exceptions are for those looking for either a stero headset, an over the head model, of a model with the battery behind your ear for even longer battery life.
The Symbian OS is a dog.  It's a slow dog, that annoys me to no end.  The bootup time for this is comparable to Windows 3.1.  Really!  A PocketPC or Palm device, by comparison, has no boot time (well, the Palm OS has no boot time, PocketPC negligible for warm boot).  I'm not a big fan of this OS, or its abilities.
audio is fine, with GSPlayer and TCPMP, I get almost complete audio/video support, I also installed a2dp addon, but I found it just slow down the unit
3688	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product great seller
We had the phone on AT&T and it was for a 11 year old. Simply by plugging in the sim card it was working. No set up required. The phone could be used to send or receive texts but because the screen is basically a calculator, it was not pleasant and the kid didn't use it at all. She lost the phone once and it was easily replaced without costing us more than re-purchasing it from Amazon. Going to ATT for a new sim card was all that was required.
I use this for browsing,checking mails and everyday in Gym as a music device. Battery is really good, and reception exceptional.

2912	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have 2&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PlayStation-3-60GB/dp/B0009VXAM0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PlayStation 3 (60GB)</a>&nbsp;and was using with limited success a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PlayStation-3-Logitech-Vantage-USB-Headset/dp/B00008KXG5/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PlayStation 3 Logitech Vantage USB Headset</a>. My first Blu-Tooth for the PS3 I tried was the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H300-Headset-over-the-ear-wireless-Bluetooth/dp/B0017LMO0K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H300 - Headset ( over-the-ear ) - wireless - Bluetooth</a>, a most uncomfortable torture device that no one could hear me with. I decided to try the Jabra which Sony had shipped with one of its games. It fits and works GREAT! Very adjustable and soft. No problems synching or having to resynch like other headsets. I can hear everyone and everyone can hear me. The only thing is that the charge probably lasts 5 hours on the PS3, so I bought a second. I have been using them for a few months, still working great.
Overall, a little gadget no road warrior should be without.  Its shortcomings are minor compared to the functionality it provides.
Cons:
I've had the cable for about a year now and overall, it works great. The cable material itself feels much better than the generic brand I bought. For the most part, the music that I rip from my CD's are transfered flawlessly to my Nokia phone.


I've been using this almost daily. At the locations I travel to often times I can not find a power outlet and nor do I have time to sit around and wait for a phone to charge 5% at each corner. My iPhone 5 gets heavy usage on the go and with LTE, it naturally burns through the battery and I'm usually phone-less by the end of the day. That changed after buying the iTorch. Very happy with my purchase and the price point is truly reasonable considering how much of a headache it can be to not have a phone when you need it most.

use, and topped off my phone in minutes! Great product and the perfect

6959	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. It actually sticks... if you use it right. I bought it in the fall when it was cold and at first it wouldn't stick for any length of time. It would fall off at random times. I had heard great things about this product, and thought maybe it was a temperature-related problem. When I tried it again in the spring, it was somewhat better, but it would still fall off eventually. Then, I moved it from the side of the windshield to the center. Wow, what a difference! It has fallen once in the 4 months since, but I might not have tightened it properly. I think the side of my windshield is just too curved.
-Portablity, comes with a small black drawstring bag.

I have never written a review before on Amazon or otherwise, but I feel that people should be aware that the cool, hip advertising of the RAZR is not what it is cracked up to be.
7672	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I really, really love these headphones.  They are easy to put on, the are comfortable to wear, but they break very easily.  I had them only 5 months before they self destructed.  I'm VERY careful with my stuff.  I never put them in a back pack or did anything that was rough with them.  They were on my head or on my desk.
It might help some of you to know that I have used it to charge my Kindle Fire and I have switched out the cord and used it to charge my son's iPod Touch with no problem.
But first, it is somewhat tiny and so you either need to wear it continually in your ear (hardly cool) or risk it getting lost in a purse. And because it is so smooth it does not hang in a bluetooth carrying loop that I had on my cellphone case (slips out).
I had a USB extension cable in order to run it in back of my desk.
9055	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this!!!  I get "Low Battery Anxiety" and with these new smart phones that can do everything, sometimes my fully charged battery can drain in just a few hours.
Tells you what kind of seller you're dealing with.
9886	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	worked well, don't have the phone anymore tho.
1508	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a good product. It is very comfortable. Easy to use and battery life has been better then the specs have said. In comparison to the Jawbone I had the sound, mic pick up, distance is the same, but the 510 is soooooo! much more comfortable. In comparison to the Scala700 the distance in the Scala700 ( distance = headset to phone )is the only thing that was better on the Scala700. The Voyager510 was better in all other. Oh and don't forget it is so so sooo comfortable. I forget it is even there and I'm a mechanic with my head moving around in engines all day, it's never fallen off or bugged me once. I gave it a four because I would like to see the distance improve. It was nice to take my phone off my belt and leave it on the desk, while working on engines, when I had the Scala700, can't do that now.
Update after a couple of weeks:  No rattles, squeaks, or any other issues.  I'm very satisfied.
Laptop use I outlined isn't restricted to this headset alone, of course.  But it means I don't have to lug around a separate headset for laptop use only.  Not that it's heavy...  But it's one less thing for me to lose.
6858	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked fine no problems.
6874	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great batteries.  works well.

I got this phone and well...it is SOOO buggy.  I've e-mailed Nokia, but as of now, I would wait to get this phone.  Wait for some sort of firmware update.  I am thinking about returning it, but will wait to see how Nokia responds to the e-mail I send them.  I will update this review if these issues are resolved.
9158	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I honestly consider this a must-have for anyone with an iPhone. I got the New Trent iFuel about a week ago and have already used it to recharge my iPhone 3GS three times, and the battery pack still looks like it has a full charge. I wish I'd had this the whole time I've had my phone! It's so nice being able to recharge my phone quickly without searching for an outlet or a spare computer.
4770	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really like this headset and I have many!  This headset was very easy to sync and works well with the Apple iPhone.  The volume buttons are very easily accessible and the charge last for a lengthy amount of time  I love how I don't have to worry about having something stuck in my ear!  I hate those types of headsets.  This fits at your ear very comfortably.  I would have liked the volume feature to be a little louder, as I have found myself not able to hear as well as I have on some of the "in the ear" bluetooth sets.  The only other thing that I don't like is that the access the charge is not universal.  It has a different prong type, so I can't use the generic USB cables that I have used for several of my other headsets.  And, now I have misplaced the cord, so I haven't been able to charge it.
If you need a small external battery, look no further.
1. Bracketron Windshield Mount has incredible versatility and the holder expands and contracts to various sizes.  This turned out to be very important to avoid pressing on various buttons on the phone which doubles as a GPS when we drive. With the old mount either the volume button or the on/off button was pressed. This caused a variety of problems from inability to hear to the GPS being turned off during driving.  With this flexible mount it was possible to position it to avoid pressing buttons on the bottom and the top of the unit.


Disadvantages:  The blue lighted round keyboard. In low light it is hard to see. This can be a problem when text-messaging or adding contact details.
You'll get varying amounts of charge depending on the device you plug into it.

2029	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Once I received my headset and read the instructions, I proceeded to charge it using the charger that came with it. After 30 minutes of charging I heard a slight "pop" sound that came from the charger's plug. I quickly noticed that the light on the headset showing that charging was taking place, had gone out.  I didn't smell any smoke thankfully and I checked to ensure my wall receptacle socket was alright. No problems at my wall socket, I plugged in other items to ensure all was well with my wall socket.
7630	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I'm not one to casually buy a product, especially when it costs $80. I did the research and found the Jawbone to be the superior product. However, when I actually was able to use it, I was greatly mistaken.

_______________________________________
6869	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They do the job, would recommend.
9962	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	great product, great price

This radio comes with a headphone jack, an antenna that unscrews, and looks like it will be waterproof.  Thanks Cobra.
3602	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Had this case on my phone since day one and it rocks ... easy to take off but doesn't fall off on its own
 - call quality is great on both ends


The installation instructions on this device are pretty demanding. So I wanted to test it out before I installed it, to make sure that it worked. Installation does require a penetration through your house for the coax cable. This wasn't quite clear in the instructions or the description.
Some of you probably want to know about how it charges.  I use mine quite a bit for both personal and business, and it isn't rare for me to wear out the charge before the day is out.  I've only managed to drain my Jawbone twice, and it charges so quickly that I was able to use it again within an hour or so.  It comes with a cable that can charge through an electrical outlet or a USB port on a PC.  It does not have a car charger, but since I have a power inverter for my car, I can simply use it to charge it while driving should the need arise, so this isn't a deal breaker for me.
Well this one is a keeper.  Now that it has been a few days I have gotten used to using the headset with the ear hook and it works great.  Takes some getting used to and practice to put in on one handed but once you do, it's pretty easy.  Call quality continues to be excellent.  If I could rate it higher than a 5 I would.  By far the best headset I have used.
995	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	No real signal improvement
So if you're looking for a superb pair of ear buds that cut the cord and sound fantastic, I give these Motos my highest recommendation -- this is a brilliant product!
As I mentioned earlier, I bought the nuvi200 for a trip to NY.  The nuvi200 got me to my destination without any complications, however, it did not use the most practical route and took me the longer way than the one I would have taken.  Once I arrived in NY, I intended to use the nuvi200 to navigate me on foot (there is a pedestrian and bicycle mode), so I could find different restaurants and subway stations.  Unfortunately, the device did not work at all in the city.  It seems that when the nuvi200 runs on battery power, the satellite reception is weaker or almost non-existent if you are in an area surrounded by large buildings.  I tried using the device in pedestrian mode for 3 days and was not able to pick-up a signal even once.  What really bothers me is that the nuvi200 could not even pick-up satellite reception while I was at the Seaport Pier.  That made no sense to me at all considering that the area is relatively open and unobstructed.  I discovered that the only way to get it to work in NY city on foot would be a) go home to my sister's apartment and go up to the 6th floor and b) plug the nuvi200 in the car lighter socket.
1729	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this RAZR v3 phone in July to go with my 7-Eleven Speak Out Wireless prepaid service.  The phone I received from Amazon.com was made for the Hong Kong market, so it came with a outlet plug adapter for U.S. customers.  (The AC adapter itself is universal voltage, and the slim paper manual is in English.)  The phone is quadband and fully unlocked, so it can be used anywhere in the world.
8865	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My iphone was discharging really fast after a year of use. New trent changer is a savier. I carry it with me when hiking and when planning to be away from chargers for more than a few hours. It will charge iphone fully 2-3 times and will allow multiple days use without power being available.
8241	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've read reports of this case not fitting properly for the 8330 specifically but it worked fine for my 8330 example. There are some minor diferences between the other 8300 models and the 8330 but again my case actually fit fine. Makes the BlackBerry VERY Robust! Adds a little bit to the form factor but not enough to outweigh the protection. If you need the most protection available for an 8300 series this is it bar none. The clear plastic will blur the camera some I've noticed; you probably could cut out around the lens and get the clearness back without risking too much. I'm leaving mine sealed up the way it is. I need every ounce of protection this thing provides.
1052	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT METER FOR EMF.
So thats absolutely every observation about the Motorola Buds that Ive made since I got them. If youve read through all that, I salute you. I probably owe you 20 minutes of your life back. Sorry about that. Now on to the summary, which I promised at the start:
7467	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Can never have to many cables and this cable came in great use for not just the phone i had purchased it for as well.
The call quality is fine when paired with a RAZR, but not so good with the HTC Touch. People would complain about the echo while paired with the Touch, so I have to take it off when they're bothered by it.

7542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Do not get this If you plan on wearing. Protect is great.
694	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	do not get these
4706	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits the iPhone snugly but comfortably and will work great will traveling.
Most readings were zero even though I have wireless router, cell phone and cordless phones (DECT 6).

6475	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It gives me a 12-18dbm boost. But my device in the cradle was getting so hot that it would overheat and stop charging and then die. Well, I noticed open air vents on the back of the cradle and seen a usb out so i decided to buy a 40mm usb fan. I ran rubber bands around the top to bottom to hold the 40mm fan over the vents to blow air inward and plugged in the usb and the device now is always cool/cold to the touch and my device always stays 100% charged in the cradle. But places where I got 3 bars of 3g im now getting 3 bars of 4G Lte. I haven't tested the supplyed antenna as I have a 24 inch antenna I use as it is very strong at keeping signal out in the corn fields... lol
326	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this the other day, item arrived on time and is as described.  I use my phone a great deal during the day with this new battery fully charged I was able to easily go 17 hours without having to recharge and when I say I use my phone a lot I mean a lot. Well worth the money and the convenience of not having to charge my phone every 7 to 8 hours thank you
2586	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome screen protector, prevent miscellaneous scratches from appearing on my ds lite
7917	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Does not look like the picture, barly fits with my iphone case. The end came with some paint/whiteout on the end which comes off on your hands and on my phone case.
I HIGHLY recommend it!
Well worth the money!
Pros:
1.) It's very solidly built.
- Fool-proof setup.
9120	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an exceptional, portable battery. It is lightweight and provides optimal battery backup. A definite must have. I use my to use the hps function on my bike rides and runs.
features of the light and laser. It is very handy for multi-device
4)  Networking.  You have many options.  The phone can use the cell service to get around the Internet.  If that is too slow, you have the Wi-Fi feature to boot.  You can even use Skype over Wi-Fi, but I found this to not be fantastic.  And then you've got Bluetooth on top of that, which I loved to death.

Well this one is a keeper. Now that it has been a few days I have gotten used to using the headset with the ear hook and it works great. Takes some getting used to and practice to put in on one handed but once you do, it's pretty easy. Call quality continues to be excellent. If I could rate it higher than a 5 I would. By far the best headset I have used.
So, I decided on the iTorch Charger with LED Light and Laser Pointer and placed my order.  I placed my order late at night and listed two addresses on the order form...one for my home and a different one for shipping.  I received a call the next morning from New Trent wanting to double check and make sure of the shipping address.  REALLY?  That is customer service - - - a proactive approach to handle customers...wow, now that impressed me.  In three business days, my new package arrived and I tore right into it.
and finally on the left side there's a power input for the external power supply.
861	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've enjoyed these for well over a year with frequent use, including working out but mostly just around.  They are very convenient for switching between music, phone, or nothing (i.e., life).  The sound is good.  The controls are convenient and take only a little getting used to, as is the case for all such headsets.  My pet peeve is at start-up, when a voice that is way too loud and distorted states that the "device" is on and...paired.  It is especially bizarre because these otherwise never distort either voice or music. Fix: I simply keep the buds out of my ear until that awful announcement is over, then plug in.

5722	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	its ok it works. sticks out from the phone or what ever you put it on will buy it again.

6633	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchase this booster in hopes of boosting an already low signal it made no difference. You must have a fairly good signal in order for this to work. These boosters are intended for good outside signal and poor inside signal strength due to building materials. The quality of the kit seemed to be very good if I would of had a stronger signal.
Price is great.  I wish there were more colors to choose from and I wish the shipping wasn't twice the price of the cover.
3907	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Wow !  Looking for an indulgent new showerhead.  Reviews got me interested in the Thunderhead.  Various posting and snippets indicated you could easily remove the flow restrictor. I did.  My gosh, "indulgent" suddenly became decadent !  My wife, for whom I really purchased it, refuses to use it without the restrictor...and she's a true SHOWER SNOB.  For about $ 10-  I purchased a simple cut off insert and added it to the construct.  A little more noise, but,  now she can be either "conservative"..."indulgent"...or "decadent" as she chooses.  The flexible rubber spray tips are a great idea too.
9167	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this external battery to mainly use with my htc evo instead of buying a bulky extended phone battery but soon discovered that it also works great on my ipod. It allowed me to charge not only my ipod while watching videos on a 14 hr flight but also charged my friends iphones while still leaving enough charge for my phone after landing.  It can charge my phone up to 4-5 times before it needs  to be recharged The charging chord that comes with the battery is a good length and allows me to have the Imp500 in my pocket charging my phone while I'm taking on it. Its great to have around since you can pull it out whenever any of your devices starts to die.
7137	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Unfortunately the cable did not work for my LG Shine model CU720, it caused a power surge on my computer's USB port when the phone was connected. I'd strongly suspect, given all the positive reviews here, that it's simply a defective cable and not a design fault. But more unfortunately, the seller refused to reimburse return shipping on their defective cable, and the shipping cost is more that the item price. So I'll just have to toss it.
5) Now you can saturate the whole band of tape with CA. Use the saran wrap to press down the cut end of the tape as you glue and it will end up perfectly flat. This is an incredibly strong fiberglass patch similar to carbon fiber. The patch will have a very small profile (not that thick) and be similar in color to scotch tape, however it could easily be painted to match the color of the headband if desired.
I might have preferred a magnetic rather than velcro closure, but I suspect it will be sufficiently durable to last the use-life of my phone.
*The noise reduction is marginal at best. I tried "windows down on the expressway" trick and my listener was not impressed (both "voice isolation standard and max). My voice was audible, but so was the wind noise.
8261	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you're looking for the ultimate impact protection for your BlackBerry Curve, this is the case to have.  Yes, it's bulky and isn't for the pocket phone carrier.  But, if you are a business traveler, field tech, outdoor worker, etc. this is a must-have.  The case fits snugly to the phone all around, allowing normal access to buttons and great protection for the open ports.
1444	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	****UPDATED on OCT. 18, 2010

6477	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Almost all of the poor reviews have something in common: an expectation of plug it in and you're good to go. Those of us with experience know better. No, you will not create signal out of nothing. This will INCREASE existing signal strength and often make unusable but present signals into a steady stream of voice and/or data. Even the most powerful booster can only do so much.
9425	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm thinking that this booster would've worked well if we would've had an adequate signal to boost. After trying several times I called tech support at Wilson and they suggested that I check to see if we had 70-90db available to boost. When we realized that there wasn't a strong enough signal to boost we were able to repackage and return the booster. Great customer service!
8707	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works

3702	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this product works as advertised for the cost.
TREO PROS
2319	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have about 4 of these 8300 over many years. I like it for a basic phone.  Unfortunately the replacement I bought on Amazon *(first time) had problems.  The zero key doesn't always work and this week the voice microphone went out so I can only use speaker.  Furthermore Verizon doesn't not send OS updates to the phone so the new phone is several version behind my older phone.  Very disappointing.  Oh and I don't see a warranty on the phone,.

Months later, not a single issue so far.  It's leather, well made, and I'm sorry for waiting to purchase.

So if you are like me and depend on your phone to bail you out of the depths of boredom, you should pick up an iTorch for those extended sessions.
In conclusion, I am still of the opinion that the Plantronics Voyager 510 is the standard to beat -- good sound quality on both ends, adequate filtering of low to moderate background noise, and low cost. The VMX100 I got may have something defective in its Noise Canceling portion, but since I've only seen 2 reviews anywhere so far and they were both top marks, I have to assume someone is either misrepresenting them to spark sales or else no one is comparing against real Noise Reduction technology to see how bad this is. If this were my only headset I'd be disappointed with the sound quality on both ends, and the price, and the seemingly unimpressive noise canceling, so I don't see how this headset is getting good ratings.
2080	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I went from no signal in my (basement) office, to 5 bars just like that, with the antenna mounted inside my attic. Wireless Extenders' tech support was helpful, it turns out VZW is using 1900 MHz in my area so I did have to exchange the unit, but they were helpful and efficient and sent the new unit to me right away.
If add it from their website (most of time it ends up ERROR and ask you to call the service representative), the webpage asks a lot of unnecessary information, then sends hundreds digits you have to key in to your cell phone.
1728	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I thought to come write this review because it is the 2 year anniversary of me buying this phone. I have never had any protective cover or case on it and it is still not very scratched up and it works as perfectly as when I got it. I had to replace the battery at 18 months but it cost $10 with shipping online for a genuine Motorola battery. Every other cell phone I have had has broken in some way long before 2 years. I'm amazed it is still in such great cosmetic and mechanical shape. No reason for me to get a new phone anytime soon.
8659	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Seems to be long lasting so far, having used it 3 months, and the price was great! Looked new and genuine oem.
- Redial button too easy to activate accidentally
When I contact the seller first he didnot responed for 4 days and then after I claim with amazon, He make it like it is my fault that I donot know how to instal it.
- Would have been better if they could have built it without the cradle. Kind of annoying
2701	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for a friend of mine to give to his elementary age son to use with his Kindle Fire. He seems to really like it and has had it on the device evr since he received the skin.
-I just purchased this very cute starter kick for it that includes a case, flashlight and car charger.
If that still sounds expensive, just remember that there are no other fees and it's your phone number.  Additionally, remember that you'll not be yacking on the phone like you do back home (you're traveling -- see the sites!)  Even my 2 hour example is excessive for us; we rarely talk more than a couple of minutes when really traveling to get away.
The design is nice and the unit works well. Pairing with my phone is quick and reliable and both incoming and outgoing sound quality is good. Fit takes some work as it does not have the in-ear rubber plugs like the Plantronics. But the unit is quite flexible and adjustable so I was able to find a good position quickly. The ear loop is small enough that it does not interfere with my glasses. The buttons are big enough to operate even with gloves on although the volume buttons are in a slightly awkward position for that.

All in all, I now realize how much I had been missing my BlackBerry. I don't know you iPhone users out there. BlackBerry is with me for good!
Also, whenever I'm using the headset in the car, my first inclination is to turn up the volume because either the speaker on the headset is just too far from the ear or there is too much outside noise getting through, or both. But the volume will not go up to the point where you can carry on a conversation without asking the other person (repeatedly) what they just said. Indoors, in a relatively quiet environment, there is no problem with hearing.
786	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good price fast shipping and easy to install. I bought to install in a battery box on our travel trailer for the LED light on my RV flag pole. Appears to be good and water proof, we'll see!
Internet browsing is cool, but so slow you think it stopped working.  I think some of the fault is just the slow connection, but the other part of the fault is that the phone seems to take a long time to actually build the web page it's trying to display.

The yoke also has convenient controls at the front of both arms -- volume up and down on one side; play/pause, track advance/reverse, and EQ settings on the other.  The buttons are raised so you can feel and operate them with your fingers.  Excellent!
Pros:
5964	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like this product a lot. Feels like it is a solid, quality item, not cheap. Heavy enough to the point where it feels like it was well built, yet still lighter than the iPhone.  I am satisfied with how fast it charges and how much power it holds. overall 5+
8652	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Shipped on time;
4573	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this on my iPhone since the day it came in the mail. It doesn't interfere with the touch interface, and it even keeps fingerprints off pretty well too!
You can find it on most symbian forums.
4. It supports all the basics: voice dialing (who knew this phone supported that - but it only works, approximately, when things are very quiet. Speaking a short sentence is amusing - it brings up a ton of things), answering hand free, hanging up, and switching a call to and from the earpiece.
5919	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	purchased for my grandson which lives in Iowa, do not see him very often, so cannot say anything about the performance.
I've purposely stress-tested it in some pretty noisy situations.  First of all, my own vehicle.  I have an older car, and it seems to pick up all of the outside noise there is, even with my windows up.  If it is raining, my callers could hear the rain on the windshield when using other headsets.  When a semi drove alongside my car, the noise of the big truck distracted my callers from our conversation.
I had NOKIA and SONY ERICSSON before and used them for at least 2 years with no problem.

6363	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Yes, it does fit very snugly into the case - but that is about it for the good.  I also got a charging pod for the phone, but no cutouts in the case for that - pain #1.  There is no easy way to get the case off if you need to do the occasional "pull the battery" - first time dropping was trying to get the case off, pain #2.  When it dropped (see #2), the case popped right off and now there is a scratch on the corner of the phone...too snug to pull off but easily falls off when it hits just right...#3.  Typically when you holster a phone, there is a magnet that puts the phone into the "holstered" mode, no such thing here - #4.  When I read the description, it appeared as though you could easily remove the wheel that goes into the belt clip...not so, only a screw driver and pulling off the sticky pad will allow you to actually convert from belt to pocket (unless you don't mind the star thing jabbing you) - #5.  You have to really push hard on the release mechanism...to the point that you knock it off your belt (or miss the call being gentle) - #6...and it goes on.  At least I got a car charger out of the packaged deal - the case isn't worth the time or shipping.
1549	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	For me the sound quality is by far the most important factor when I compare headsets. Everything else is secondary. I drive a very noisy construction van so background noise is a serious problem. I have compared 8 different headsets and the Plantronics Voyager 510 is the only one that allows a clear conversation in this environment. I have used it daily for over 2 years and often for 6+ hours straight until the battery is dead. In a loud, dirty, construction environment, often lying on the ground, it's the only thing I've found that works. With the other models, either I, the caller, or both of us couldn't understand a word being said. For those of you that don't have background noise issues, I can add that even in quiet settings this unit has better sound quality than all the others that I tested. The way that I do my tests is to pair 2 headsets, put one in each ear and then switch between them while on the same call. This way I and the caller can compare the sound quality at almost the exact same time. The 2 cons I can mention are that the on/off button is too small and hard to push, and that when the battery is almost dead the buttons stop working (even though the sound continues fine) so you have to hang up using the phone instead of the headset. To be fair though, the "almost dead battery" symptoms happen in many of the other ones I've tested also. I don't care, sound is everything.
800	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent article
6044	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	New Trent iTorch IMP52D is just simply amazing. I have been charging my Iphone 5 for 3 weeks with this device and it still has power!! Not only does it charge your phone but it has a laser pointer that I use in my class room. The laser is very bright and can reach long distances( I used it in the cafeteria --with lights on and from back of the room and WOW it reached and still was very bright. Oh it also has an led light --Can't ask for anything more. My colleagues were so impressed they going to order the iTorch.  It is well worth the money and the peace of mind it gives you because you will never have a dead cell phone again!!
4579	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	awesome product. works well and I have 5 devices paired to it. It does take a toll on the batteries when you play music consistently...say like, 6 hours straight
4) Does not have easily accessible buttons like the LG Electronics Tone+ HBS-730
9071	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The New Trent iTorch IMP52D adds an LED flashlight and (red) laser
7118	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The cell phone case that I use makes it impossible to use certain auxiliary cables. This adapter solves that problem.  I would say that, compared to other brands of these kind of adapters, these are made of high quality materials. The connector does not feel cheap.

This phone came with the bonus "double minutes for life" and a rebate. I buy the 1 year plan, the minutes roll over and it all works just fine. The phone itself is quite fine. Compact, nice screen plenty of usable features but it's probably too basic and even laughable for the iPhone crowd. But I just need a phone, not a lifestyle statement.
SOFTWARE

9035	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this charger because I occassionally leave my phone in my purse overnight without charging.  It's nice having the iTorch in my purse as well so that I can just take out the cable and charge it while I'm on the go, in meetings, at the mall, etc.  I had my phone 25% charged, and pulled out the iTorch.  I fully charged the iTorch about three weeks ago, so I wasn't sure if it was going to work.  I was presently surprised to see that it charged pretty quickly and was at full capacity after 1.5 hours.  Totally took the charge out of the iTorch but I can easily charge that again later.
#reviewlife  #mizfits  #motorola  #sf500
MOTOROLA OEM BR50 RAZR V3 V3a V3c V3g V3i V3m BATTERY

5) Now put the lint free cloth over the rest of the film and screen (my cloth was bigger than the camera screen) and slowly and carefully squeegee the film towards the end of the screen which is not yet protected by the film.  Go slowly and carefully and you'll squeegee the film on and the protective screen with the grid will roll out of the way bit by bit as you move down the film.  MAKE SURE that you are squeegeeing with the lint free cloth between the squeegee and the film so that the cloth protects the top surface of the film.



Best regards,

8321	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	excelent
- joints articulate with a solid 'click' and stay in place
4356	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love the design of it, much handier than the original charger I received with my shuffle. I have had this product for more than 2 years now and it is still working. It arrived before the est. delivery date. Very good buy!


9144	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I go on a lot of camping, hiking, and backpacking/trekking trips where no electricity is available. For months, my friend brought his Energizer external battery pack to charge his iPhone, and friends' phones on our return home. The gadget person I am, I set out to purchase my own. However, reviews of the Energizer pack and other brands were not favorable, until I came across New Trent's products.

Comfortable in the ears, can wear it all day.
* Social Security Number!!!!!!!!!!!!!
7201	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Let Me Just Say That I Have Owned 3 Yes 3 Pair Of These And Always The Same Result. The Cheap Plastic That Holds These Together (The Head Band) Has Broken. So Unless You Are Getting A Great Deal...Don't Waste Your Money.. The Only Reason I Gave Them 2 Stars Was For There Sound And Ease Of Use.
But when I was using it actively for few weeks (after my primary phone broke down) it gave me solid 4.5 days of calling and texting time. Not bad... really... I can recomend this battery strongly.
5633	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good

With all of these caveats, you should note that you will absolutely be able to get usable cell data in places you normally would not. The cradle is also very easily portable from vehicle to vehicle or to take hiking. weBoost has excellent support for their products if and when you need it. Just go in with realistic expectations and understand that different carriers have different coverage areas.

3857	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works Great for Medtronic insulin pump!!!
Also, while it's a nice feature that this holster has enough interior space to accommodate a bulky case on the phone, it also means that if you don't have a bulky case the phone will flop around in the holster so you won't be able to feel the vibrator very well.
1525	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Plantronics Voyager 510 has been an absolute work horse for me for the past nearly 2 years. When I say workhorse I mean it. I put over 5 hours of talk time on this device 5 days a week for well over a year. I used it in a weekly 4 hour commute, during the day in the office, at night to talk to my family from the hotel and a number of other usages. I know this device and using it is as familiar as turning on my blinker in the car.
The Cons:
3318	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Delivery was quick and it works as expected
PS It worked with AT@T, cell Nokia 5800
2. The Price Tag (at some stores)
8364	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I only use it for a tiny thumbdrive that only ever goes back and forth from my laptop to my tv, and for that, it's perfect!
(7) Easy to install and use, and is affordable
This adapter also has a flimsy cord. The plastic on the male end is slimmer and will fit into a tighter spot than the 2 white ones I tested.  The hard plastic ends seem a little more durable than the ends of the white ones. I believe I can get some use out of this one, but wouldn't buy another one.
5995	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just purchased a new smartphone with lots of amazing features however the battery life runs out quite quickly so I needed some sort of external battery charger I could carry with me to easily charge my device with.  I decided to purchase the new I torch by Trent. This battery pack is wonderfully convenient and fits easily in my pocket or purse. I quickly charges my device fully and has enough power to charge my device fully about 5 times! Ive tried other external battery charging devices only to be disappointed by there performance.  Trent I torch will not disappoint!  Its extremely easy to use and is compact enough to carry anywhere with you on the go. It has a nice cable that's perfect length to enable you to still use your device while its changing!  It has a display that when pressed shows you how much power is still available in the battery pack which is a very nice feature. It also uses the same charger as my cell phone making it very convenient to charge. It comes with a handy flash light and a laser pointer. Its fairly light and feels good in the hand. This is a absolute necessity for Smart Phone owners. Whenever and where ever my phone needs a charge I simply use my I torch and pull it out of its handy carrying case  that comes with it. I plug in the provided usb cable and I'm good to go. This product has a very powerful battery and your devices will quickly charge no matter where you are! I don't leave home without it! It exceeded my expectations! I highly recommend this product! Now I don't worry about my battery dieing I know no matter where I'm at I can easily and conveniently use my I Torch to recharge my device.  This is a must have product ! Thank you trent for this quality product! It works wonderfully!  I no longer worry about my battery level. I know I can count on my I torch to charge my device fully without any problems! This is a quality device and its so convenient!  Five stars to the I torch by trent! Amazing product! I don't leave home without it! A must have for smartphone owners!
1750	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	his and the white version of wireless headphone for ipod is being clearanced elsewhere for a good reason. I got one and it really cracks just by being flexed often enough, which is really unavoidable no matter how careful you are. It is only a matter of time. Mine cracked within a week, and yes I knew about the problem beforehand and was very careful. Unless you have a really small head (maybe the size of a softball), don't mind a cracked band or enjoy going through customer service, don't get it. it looks and sounds good otherwise, and works with computer bluetooth adaptors provided that you have software driver support for high quality bluetooth audio (a2dp). it's a pity.
2644	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	While the sound quality is slightly less than their 500 model and they have ruined the ear clip (why do they do that, they had the best ear clip and to save a penny or two, they go cheap crap). But since i had a clip from my old 500, i just use that clip and it works fine (the clip that comes with the 700 works fine, it is just not up to the scala name).
6557	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great
Phone reception is fine - SF Bay area.
This review is written with my iPhone 3GS which is fully discharged
subsequent tests show that to be close to its capacity. I also own the

At full price the case would be too expensive for my taste.  At 2/3 the price it's just right.  At 1/3 the price buy two to stock up.
Battery life is fairly strong in that you can talk steadily for two hours and still have time left over for a phone call or two before having to charge.  Charging is also fairly quick, often completing fully in less than an hour.  However, charging is the real weak spot of this headset.  First, there isn't really much of a warning when the battery is low.  The lights don't seem to provide me with any idea, and once the unit starts softly beeping in my ear, I usually only have a minute or two left to shut it off.  Second, the connector for the charger is difficult to use:  the release button needs to face the underside, and you have to pinch hard to get the release to let go when charging is done.
3651	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is great for a Samsung A900/Blade or Samsung A707/Sync. It's a perfect fit a little more free movement for the A900 but great fit nonetheless. The case is made out of good materials, great soft yet durable leather and the price is even better. Best case you will find for any of these two phones for this price. Highly recommended

6319	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Neet little earpiece.
8260	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've never seen a phone my wife could not destroy.  She will hand the phone to our young children.  She drops the phone.  She places the phone in her purse with a variety of damaging article.  This cover is not for the tame.  It is as much protection as one can buy.  It worked for us.  A phone that survived ... yeh!
690	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this item a while back, but I remember that it was great item.  I would definitely recommend it.
If you are looking for a functionaly headset, This is the one.
First, the good.  The sound from this headset rocks!  The noise mitigating technology is great.  I work in computer data centers the noise level often fluctuates.  The set adjusts both the sound heard by the other listener and the volume that I hear.  It still has very poor quality in windy environments, but I don't know of a set that doesn't.
Update (12/31/09): Now that I've had this for a while, there are a couple things I'd like to add to my review and unfortunately, my rating is going down to four stars. I still like the device, but the low volume issue has gotten to be annoying- It is just barely adequate- and that's too low if there is any distraction or other noise in the car. Another issue is the one big function button- It has no "click-feel" so you don't know when you've pressed it "enough". And since the volume is low, it's hard to hear the signal that it's answered. I frequently hang up on people by pressing the button twice while trying to answer calls.
2890	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We bought this unit about a year ago and it helped.  We live way out in the sticks and are probably 3-5 miles (as the crow flies) from the cell tower.  Before setting up the booster we were lucky to get any service in the house.  Afterwards we could get 2 or 3 bars, but had to stay fairly close to the base unit.  Recently I added the dual-band directional antenna and our signal strength on both of our iPhone4's is maxed out at 5 bars throughout most of the house.  This product is worth the money as long as you remember to also purchase the directional antenna if you are in a far fringe area.  Adding the external antenna seems to increase the range of the base unit.
4743	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After reading the critical reviews, I decide I could live within the limitation of the Aliph jawbone. My main utility is for receiving or making calls while driving with windows up and the airconditioning fully on, not for making calls in the face of wind noise.  I was told my voice quality is a little muffled but is more intelligible in the car with much less road noise.  I made a call from the computer room floor next to the roaring blower fans of the mainframe and none of this racket was heard on the other side.
After about 30 seconds, all the LED's went out, the power button did nothing no matter how many time or how long it was pressed, and unit is totally dead.
* Address

I found a pair of Bluetooth headphones an amazon for $20 that came from china and took a month to arrive... But they work 100 times better than my Motorola's. I'd pass on this product.
4832	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset was the best I ever used and I used a lot of them, it worked great until I lost like all the others. This was my second purchase of the same make and model. Once you find something you like stick with it.
6394	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First of all, if you have the extended battery then this will not fit. That is not the product's fault though but is just a warning.
2368	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The size, sound is great,and it is compact.  However, this style did not fit well in my ear and constantly dropped while driving.  Bought two, lost two.
One more peeve: Snoop Dog makes a poor spokesman. This device deserves Katheryn Zeta-Jones!
8671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect...Fast Shipping...No issues
I've read that the USB connections go bad on these phones and when my Blackberry Curve 8300 stopped charging, I believed it.  But I loved it so much, I bought another.  I checked out the new Bold but was unimpressed by it's bulky size and the flat keyboard (makes it hard to type) - this phone is MUCH better!
Easy to install


EDIT: Change from 5 stars to 1 star...  I loved the features on the phone and the flip lid was great.  PROBLEM:  After about 3 months the screen would not light up --- took the phone back to AT&T and they sent me a reconditioned phone which lasted about a month --- took that one back, they sent another reconditioned phone,  Long story > short:  I had 5 phones in one year, the 5th phone finally worked and kept working for a couple of years.  Because of my experience with this phone, I will not buy another Motorola.


This thing works! I now have between 3-5 bars throughout most of my house (I have a small house with an open concept so the antenna really covers it well) I can reliably make and receive calls any time of day, any weather.  My girlfriend is on another carrier and had zero to one bar of reception prior to this, she couldn't even check voicemails, now she needs to be closer to the antenna than I do, but she can use her phone without any issues.
-average bluetooth range, this is the worst asset of this device, IMO.

triple wireless with quad-band GSM/EDGE
Hard to go wrong with this choice.

8438	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The original battery on my T60 started at about 100-minutes play time and it slowly degraded to less than one hour. I am happy to note that this replacement can give me up to 3 hours of laptop use - not DVD-watching.
Could improve: Have some sort of cover or cap for the usb ports to keep dust, lint, etc. out of ports. See if there is anything that can be done so products won't heat up on first charge.


LED Battery Level Indicator - tells you how much battery power is left on the iTorch.
8734	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Connects quickly and stays connected. Uses Ant+ so the battery is long lasting.
2689	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't fit correctly, had to return, fast shipping, nice color
3103	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fit just fine

421	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Waste of money,now
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.


GP
One odd thing - the receiver says to point a certain side of it towards the cell phone tower.  I want you to look around your area right now - do you see a cell phone tower?  Any idea where one might be?  Yah, me neither.
8266	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had ordered another case & holster & was quite dissappointed. Had heard many positive comments about the OtterBox Defender with Holster, so I bought it. I am very happy with it. Of course, it adds some weight & bulk, but small price to pay for protection. The holster has operated well allowing me to insert the phone facing out or in and providing an easy, secure & handy way to keep it with me at all times. The only slight drawback is that the film covering does not fit firmly against the keys contributing to errors in typing sometimes. (But I'm not a perfect typist anyway) All said, I wouldn't give it up & would buy it again in a minute if ii was necessasy.
So far the device has charged everything I threw at it.  Charged my iPhone 5 without an issue.  Note to iPhone 5 users...if you recently got one or are waiting for yours a backup battery is a necessity.  I haven't figured if I could change some settings on it but it chews through the battery much faster then my iPhone 4 did (and the 3GS for that matter).  I've been using the maps app quite a bit so that may be the cause but it's really taxing the battery.  I was able to fully charge my iPhone 5 and also put a decent charge on my iPad 2 and charge one of my cigarette batteries.
I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a short adapter to fit into a tight spot.
With the Apple earbuds, the headset's connector and too-short strain relief disappear almost completely within the bottom of the battery case, so that when you want to remove the headset you have to pull on the skinny cord.  Almost a sure bet the headset cord will fail if you use your headset a lot.

It all went together and set up as smooth as silk, and everything performs perfectly, with a range of 25-30 feet. Get one of these as an excellent saftey feature for use during your driving commute !!
9099	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery pack kept my phone and ipod charged during 3 days of no electricity at my apartment(I did charge battery pack at my office in those 3 days)
Enter the New Trent IMP500, which I found on Amazon.com and was intrigued by the large capacity given its' size. I purchased one, and also a Griffin coiled USB to 30pin Apple sync cable. I carry the IMP500 and coiled cord in a discreet runner's belt under my shirt which keeps it close at hand without committing the dreaded Fanny Pack fashion faux pas.
2846	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Nice looking but the inside has no real value.  No pictures or layout as to how to use the bag or how it was intended to be used.  A waste of money since all the items necessary to use the box for travel wil not fit.
3811	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This I a great product. Not found in any stores near me. But the package came quick. Positioning the product in the right spot is critical. The visor is the best spot and clear of obstructions on downfall is that you have to hide the wire that connects to the back of the deck. Other than that easy to use easy to connect no tools required a's long a's the deck is already out. Hardest part may have been finding a good spot for placement and hiding and routing the wire. Other than that I am very satisfied with the product. To save yourself some time and effort get the deck that already is bluetooth capable and you will be golden.
4018	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i use this pouch for my work its heavy duty work and protects the phone completely  def worth buying all i got
9487	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really didn't expect this gadget to work but it does offer some improvement.  Here's the lowdown.  I live out in the country where cell service is questionable.  I have both a phone and a jetpack thing for my computer.  Both are frustrating to use.  So far I haven't really needed a signal boost in the car as most of the area I travel is a lot more reliable than home, but I do intend a trip this summer through some mountains that could pose a problem.  I have tested the cell booster both in my car and in my house.  The boost in computer internet connectivity is great as long as you're careful about plugging it in.

UPDATE:
If there are others, I'm not aware of them.
just as well at home.
my gadget bag.
9148	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm a heavy power user when it comes to my phones and tablet. Unfortunately, my daughters are taking after me. I have not been disappointed in buying them this great little unit. We often take long car rides and this battery has saved me from quite a few rides where my kids have drained their phones. By way of stress relief alone, it has paid for itself a few times over. Great and reliable battery.
It is big enough that unless you put it in the middle of your visor, it will hang over on one side a bit...which I have to do to be able to use the visor mirror.

7167	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	WAY TO EXPENSIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Only reason for 4 star review is that it's made in China!
So if you are looking for a neat way to power and charge a modern smart device then this isn't it. For the 2c it would cost them for the resistors the manufacturers really should have done this. I may even try it myself since it looks like there is room to work in there and I have an electronics lab to play in.

8020	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am pleased with the phone. I bought this for my wife to carry to work. When she comes home it is usually very cold and I wanted her to have a phone to use if she needed to call for help. This one is priced right and came with No contract. I will buy minutes every three months, cheap  to buy, cheap to use.

112	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	1
I've had it for a few months.
If add it thru calling their service representative, the representative will try to STEAL YOUR IDENTITY by ask you all unrelated information. Besides credit card and your cell phone ID, they ask:

to charge my Android was the same cable to recharge the iTorch. The
Charging Time, darn fast with no fear of overcharging. After the initial charge, subsequent charges take less than an hour and I have talked for upwards of 2.5 hours non-stop without issue. Have gone a week before recharging
2035	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is the 3rd Bluetooth headset I've owned in the last year and my second H700.  The last one I owned was a Version B and this one is a Version C.  95% of the time, I am very pleased with the headset - the sound quality is fantastic, everyone can hear me well and I can keep my phone a fair distance from the headset without issues (I use both a Blackberry 8703e and a Sanyo SCP-8400).  In fact, people are suprised when I tell them I am talking to them on a headset.
3977	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this model, Supertooth Light, when the original Blue Ant Supertooth 2 was no longer available. I also have the original.  The original has better sound and a useful analog volume control.  This is next best thing and a big improvement over my Motorola blue tooth speaker
7881	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Apple, as usual, continued to display its stupid game-play attitude by creating a recessed headphone jack on the 1st Gen iPhone (which I own). I had other pair of headphones which are 200 times better than the stock headphones apple provides. I went ahead and bought this and now I listen to all my music/watch videos/podcasts, etc on my nicer in-ear headphones. It's been over 15 months now, and the adapter isn't showing any sign of wear/tear. Good thing about this adapter is - It's smaller in size, maybe 4 inches in length (end to end), Plug your headphones into these and you're ready to go! Recommend this to everyone.
I lost the first one, the Rottweiler ate the second one, and with the third one, the terrier chewed off the rubber piece that fits in the ear.
LED light may or may not be useful but why not. New Trent offers great deals if you purchase more than one of their products on amazon.
If you are going to clip the case on a shirt pocket, it might be ok, though even the tension of the elastic of the case is enough to push the headset button.  If the case will be put inside a briefcase or purse, then you should probably reconsider.
The case is big enough to fit my IPhone and IPod in their perfectly (with their protective cases), without them moving around in there.
8950	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I used this once. Now it doesnt see the charger unless I push it in hard - and when I do, or use a different charger, it never charges. Now its for the landfill.
50	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case was an extremely great deal. The color and design was perfect. This is a great going out on the town case.

SMALL SCREEN: The screen isn't as small as you may think. It's bigger than most and as large as some PDAs

5644	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They iGo system is so wonderful.  When your charger changes or the breaks or gets filled with dirty, you only need purchase a new one of these little inexpensive tips and you are set to go.  I've gone through a few different tips but have had the same actual charger for years.  This tip fits securely to the charger and in my phone.
3010	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really wanted to get something to protect my BB Pearl and did a bit of searching to find just what I wanted. I normally put my phones in my pocket which invariably leads to accidental phone calls or a ton of pictures of the inside of my pants pocket. Well no more! This holster is one of the neatest cell doo-dads I've found in quite a while. Very slick how it locks the keypad and puts the phone in to a sleep mode automatically. Plus the lambskin is nice and soft. Got a Pearl? Get this.
another typically great amazon experience...
* The N95-3 (a.k.a. "N95 NAM", RM-160) is the first model targeted for North America.  Most of the exterior design is similar to the N95-1 (Silver faceplate, 2.6" screen, SDHC slot), but like the N95-2, it has 128MB of RAM, a 1200 mAh battery, and no manual slider for the camera shutter.  The main reason for its existence is that it swapped the original UMTS-2100 (WCDMA) frequency for UMTS-850 and UMTS-1900, so that it would work with AT&T Wireless's 3G/3.5G network.  Until just a few days/weeks ago, this would have been the "best" choice for US customers.
Excellent sound
21	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this case is so cute it looks good on my white iphone its pretty good quality only one diamond has fallen off and its cos i dropped it on the cement. its kinda hard to get off but whatever its so cute and hot and everyone compliments me on it
7587	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Purchased the pouch for the Galaxy note II. Very roomy, holds Note II plus cover. The design is great. Draw back to this case is the belt clip which started to tear off after about a week of use. Material for belt loop and clip could be made stronger. This is why I'm giving only two stars.
I LIKE:
1)You need to configure EVERYTHING on the phone. Nothing comes preconfigured. This includes the default language, time, date, voicemail, email, IM etc. This can get rather tedious since Cingular does not support unlocked phones.
All in all, a nice solution (even if temporary) for a somewhat wireless solution for audio streaming.
4068	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works pretty good. no real problems with it so far. use it o listen to music from my phone while taking my dog for a walk around the neighborhood. have also used it while cutting grass and doing yard work. holds up good to the sweat so far. rarely had to adjust it. stays in place and comfortable so far. battery has lasted so far for my uses. phone call control works great if i get a call while walking. i would recommend.
I had a smile on my face when I was using this device because not only do I have a portable external battery, it also has a built in laser and Led light. (which are like the three things I always use and having them all in one device is a plus.) It is also very affordable.

433	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	There is a difference in USB cables.  On some computers, including mine, the USB ports are underpowered, and some poor cables do not transmit data well.  I have purchased some cheaper cables that would not transmit data between my computer and my Blackberry Storm 9530.  This cable works great, even with my underpowered USB ports.
6180	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is great for what I was looking for; a small power source that I can leave in my backpack or through into my girlfriends purse.  I have been using this battery pack for a few weeks now and the device does not seem to lose power when idle.  On average I can charge my iphone 4S FOUR times (usually at around 20% battery life).  They advertise this to charge mostly cell phones, but it can basically charge anything with a USB attachment.  I have charge my Nike Fuel Band, Plantronics bluetooth headset, Logitech Harmony Remote, USB Fan, and Ipad keyboard/cover.  All around this thing does a great job.  I also own another New Trent power pack, but it holds twice the power but is nearly twice the size...  So if your looking for something that will last you the weekend, and are using your devices with regular use, this is probably what you want.  Now if you want more power and are willing to lug around something larger, get a hire capacity power pack.
PROS:
For me this phone is a great deal even by the price $76.00 brand new!!  I bought it direct from Verizon, the discount I got was due to my husband's corporate discount, so in all, I cannot complain about the phone, but I keep reccomending people not to hook up with Verizon.  I am "serving time" with them for the next 2 years because I wanted this phone. There is no free lunch.
Fast shipping and I am very satisfied.
windows mobile 6 is a vast improvement although wish it was more responsive at times, but then again, it's checking email on 4 accounts constantly (outlook, gmail, yahoo and live).
1307	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Why all manufacturers don't use the standard universal USB charging adapter is beyond me. If you own a Motorola RAZR or other phone that uses USB charging then you will need another charger for this one. Also the earpiece doesnt fit well on your ear, infact i have had it blow off when I rolled down the window. I recommend going to a store and trying a few on before you buy. Plus the volume and reception is terrible. Any ambient noise and you can't hear your call. I also notice it may still have a charge but once it gets low it loses connection with my phone. So the total 'usage' time is about an hour. My advice, keep looking.

6296	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought my IMP500 several months ago and my whole family loves the product! The IMP500 can power many different products such as Nintendo DS Lite, Gameboy, or a Ipod Touch to name a few. This is a very long life solid power pack. It usually lasts for days of intermittent use without needing to be recharged. I share the power pack with my son who uses it for his Nintendo DS Lite and his IPod Touch and my wife who uses it for her phone. This is a very versatile product with a lot of power in it. The indicator lights tell you how much juice is left and flash when you recharge the power pack. The on/off switch insures you don't accidentally discharge the power pack. I have no complaints about this product and would highly recommend it.


If you plan on using this for a NOTE 2 or 3 it will fit with most 'pretty' cases but any Hybrid case may take time to stretch it in a little.
OEM sent a counterfeit fake battery --- not OEM. How can you tell? Because Motorola OEM batteries are made in Japan. These say clearly that they are made in china. I had the same problem and returned the same battery from Wireless Phone Accessories and Batteries4Less.
Soft, but hard. Thank you
8787	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
- functional sound quality and hearing ability on both ends - very, very good. My validation tests include talking to my wife and my aging parents on the phone. I carry on conversations with everyone without being asked to repeat myself or being told that my voice is too soft. I have a projecting voice, so any complaints about softness in the past with other headsets had to be due to the headset. I frequently got complaints when using my plantronics 640 - not so with the Jawbone.
This small power pack has plenty of power for my iPhone 4S, but fell short when trying to charge my Asus Transformer tablet. One charge on the power pack was enough to charge my iPhone twice from 2% charge to 100% (in about 3 hours each time), and there was still enough power left to take my phone from 1% to 28% on the third attempt. It did not do as well on my tablet as it was only able to take the battery level from 2% to 45% (about 4 hours) before the power pack was drained. Being able to give my tablet a full charge would be awesome, but Im sure the power pack would have to be a lot bigger to allow it to do that. The NewTrent power pack would be great for outdoorsmen that need to take their cell phones with them, or high drainage users that are away from a plug-in power source. I suspect my daughter will steal mine so that she can take a full day of school notes on her iPad.


highly recommend
Apart fromt his, everything is nice in the phone.. The display screens, the music and the video mode are all spectacular, but the Camera images doesnt come up to W810i. One slight issue is that you need tweezers to take out the sim card.
7670	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really like this headset and I have many!  This headset was very easy to sync and works well with the Apple iPhone.  The volume buttons are very easily accessible and the charge last for a lengthy amount of time  I love how I don't have to worry about having something stuck in my ear!  I hate those types of headsets.  This fits at your ear very comfortably.  I would have liked the volume feature to be a little louder, as I have found myself not able to hear as well as I have on some of the "in the ear" bluetooth sets.  The only other thing that I don't like is that the access the charge is not universal.  It has a different prong type, so I can't use the generic USB cables that I have used for several of my other headsets.  And, now I have misplaced the cord, so I haven't been able to charge it.
I think most people who complain are the ones who fall into the category who don't own a A2DP device. My suggestion to them try some Sony Ericsson or Nokia Multimedia phone and you will know this products ability.
5642	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	cool
1973	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this item from eComElectronics. It was quickly shipped and arrived without problems via USPS.

Cons:
6660	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After reading all the great reviews on this product I decide to buy one. I wish I could give it at least give one honest star, but my results are zilch nothing. It just doesn't work. I gave it five stars just so I could get the message out. Nobody reads the true results only listed in the bad reviews. I will sell it to those like thinking persons like me wishing they will get results.
1207	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have had this headset for 5 days now and have the following problems:
- Good looks
Four stars because it's a fairly good phone, and I've given up on persuading anyone under 50 that they still need a wired phone especially when you want to talk to more than one person at a time. Yeah, the speaker phone is great, but so sensitive that it'll pick up ambient noise so that I can hear people who are 15 feet away from it.
13	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is such a good case for a low price. I have it on right now and never had any problems with it besides losing about 2 stones since my purchase because I'm rough with it. I recommend it.
1190	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Was great send to neice for birthday on time and new

3952	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ok
I stand by my original review. DON'T buy this charger. It is being misrepresented and falsely advertised.
I've been wearing this thing all day and I can't even tell I have it on.  It doesn't feel like it's going to fall off like many others do.  I wear glasses, and I had a hard time finding a headset that could sit comfortably on my ear along with my glasses.  This one does.  The sound quality is the best of any I've tried.  It works perfectly with my Motorola V360 but it doesn't have a 30-ft range like the package says, more like maybe 15-20 feet.
I guess I just have wait for my contract to end and change carriers. Another company has much better signal in our area.

9299	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Worked great for about a month. I was changing out my cell phone battery and one of the little tit thing broke and now it doesn't stay on real good any more.  I'm so glad I paid like a few bucks.  I went to Verizon to price out another type cover and they made a lot better than this one, the little tits are much thicker and better quality...not [...] worth.  I'm in the search for something new that will last Hummm
- The battery gauge is simple and easy to read.
*lightweight


3879	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This shower head puts out a nice amount of pressure, even with the flow controller left inside.  It was easy to install and fells great, and at only $35 it's hard to beat the price.  My only complaint is that the shower head does not rotate to the left or right.  I tried rotating it before installing and it would not budge at all, though the instructions show that it should.  Also, I sometimes run out of hot water with it, but I tend to stay in way longer than I should anyway.
4813	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a black case that was as thin as possible. The crystal cases detracted from the unique stylings of the iPhone, making it look cheap. The thin rubber skins did not add any protection and covered up all of the nice shiny back of the phone.

After a few days of continuous use, I definitely have to say the
First of all, the 5 stars is based on this being less than $2. I wouldn't say this is the best adapter you can buy. This is however the best one I tested. The cord is stiffer and feels more solid than the others.  The female plug has a tighter fit and no play. The plastic around the male end is slimmer than all the rest. This cord doesn't meet my immediate needs because of the longer plastic head, but I would buy this again for use with certain iPhone cases that block larger plugs.
  -Pretty aesthetics
3843	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fits my husband's old style flip phone perfectly
My only wish is that it came with a cable or a somewhat, built it cable. Or at least a case that can carry both the battery and an iphone cable.
In summary, this is a great camera.  Oh, the phone functions are fine, too.  Reception is pretty good on the T-Mobile + Cingular networks (used by Speak Out Wireless).  Voice is clear and loud.  Really good.  5 stars.

2318	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my sis ,works great ,cheap replacement
5603	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a small gift for someone who got a "boring" looking Centro. It is exactly what I was looking for.  It slipped right on.  It fits well.  So far it appears to be durable enough.  It doesn't prevent access to any features on the Centro.
Back to the buds.  Because the buds come with the smallest ear pieces installed, I thought it might help to use the medium buds so I switched them for the small ones and they helped with the problem of them staying in my ears but didn't really improve the sound.  (By the way, they fit on the headset pretty snuggly so I don't think they will likely fall off and get lost.) While wearing them today, I found that the sound was okay with voices like comedy routines and wasn't too bad for normal music but I wanted more base.  I discovered that if I cupped my hands over my ears that I could hear the deeper base of the techno music I was listening to ... but I looked like an idiot so that wasn't a solution.  I was actually ready to send them back for a refund but when I got home I decided to try one more thing.  If I was covering the buds with my hands and they sounded better, maybe sound was "leaking out" so I tried the larger ear pieces.  In all honesty, that sounds like a stupid explanation but the bigger ear pieces do give me more base ... not nose bleed bass but adequate.  So, I listened to Southern rock to Techno to Classical and they all sound great to these aging ears so now I'll just have to see how the battery life is.
SPEAKERS: Considering this unit has two speakers and is an upgrade from the N80, the sounds isn't quite as clear, good or powerful as that of an N80. There is an equalizer, boost & surround feature, none of which improve the sound. The sound is good, but not what it should be and is an obvious step down from the N80. That 'said,' the N82 offers a 3.5mm jack. The headset sound is stellar.
848	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderfull product.  It is easy to use and its sound is beyond  my expectations. It is worth its price.


- Possible addition of a dual-port. One on each end. (I like that the iDual has this feature.)
It's great.  It's relatively light, recharges pretty quickly.
The Jabra also pairs almost instantaneously; it beeps to confirm this, usually within 2 seconds of me "waking" my iPhone.  It's almost exactly the same size as an iPhone, which makes it very convenient to travel with.


Con's: The button feels kind of cheap. I, personally, would sacrifice the flashlight (or laser pointer) space for a better switch like a toggle or slider. The indicator lights on the top are somewhat confusing. 4 lights, 3 show capacity 4th is if unit is charging something. They're placed together as if they are charge indicators. I would separate the 4th a bit, maybe put above the 3 and center the three left to right. On a user note, I'd change the order of the flashlight and laser pointer in the turn on sequence. I'll use the flashlight more. (Not necessarily a con, just an observation)
new flip phone models, so this is one of the best left before the dissapear for good.
Need to add an extra adapter cable before charging galaxy tab.
7029	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased an entire new rig, and this was one of the components. All work great and Bianchi makes a great product. Lighter than the leather gear I used to use, and doesn't need polishing. If something gets damaged or injured, just toss it and replace it. Also doesn't squeak. Very important if you know what I mean. I also love the Velcro inner belt. really hold things nicely. If you are like me though, you just don't have enough real estate to hold everything comfortably. I now have my taser holster sharing in the work, and it works well. Just don't put a lot of weight on it and you'll be fine.

5741	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it comes with two pieces: for the external and internal. it fits well, and it feels thick and slick enough where light stratches won't penetrate it. good buy for me
I purchased 10 cables and none of them work. I tried returning the cables and have received an email stating, "So-cool has closed the return request listed below" and the reason, "Solved a technical issue".

I used this at a local amusement park (think giant mouse), and was able to converse in spite of crowd noise, and noise from the rides. The noise reduction works very well, even allowing conversation in (moderate) windy conditions.
  b.  Not a real con but probably would be nicer if it was thinner profile
3271	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This case was okay... The rubbed edge is nifty but then the plastic was just thin and the kickstand is just poorly made... not to mention it's very hard to pull the kickstand out.

2121	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works as advertised and all that cord, normally in the way, does not get tangled. Genius solution. Why didn't someone do this earlier?
The volume is just loud enough with my Samsung phone jacked up to high - I just have to remember to lower the phone volume when I do hand-hold it, or everyone around me hears my caller's voice.

UPDATE: It has only been a couple of months since I wrote the above review. The plastic end of the Jawbone that the charger plugs into just broke and is stuck in the charger. I noticed the black plastic end piece was held on by two very tiny plastic hooks and one of them broke. If this is any example of build quality, then I can now only give this headset 2 stars overall.


6204	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just so you know, this DOES NOT come with an AC adapter. Use your Iphone/Ipad... AC adapter to charge it.
9614	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This desktop/small room cell phone signal booster amplifier kit came with everything necessary to install the exterior and interior antennas.  The installation was straightforward & easy. The easy to read, easy to follow, enclosed instructions give guidance on how to determine the best location for your external antenna. **
Pros:
My only issue is it was a little bit bulkier than I expected, it doesn't fit in my pocket with my phone too well. The external charger my girlfriend has is a lot slimmer, and fits very well. But that's my fault for not looking at the specifications.
4385	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its about time I found a case that will accept a shell case on the 3gs phone now. It has nice ports where you can pop you phone right out with your finger, nice loop belt options and card slots.
5256	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son's IPOD Touch.  It does what it is supposed to do, protect my son's IPOD from the occasional drop.  It does just that.  It protects the back and sides.  We have not had any issues and it has held up.  No rips, tears, etc...  He's had it for about two months now.  Great for the price.

4237	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Beautiful case, but the clip is just no good.  My iPhone jumped off my belt in this case five times before I gave it up and ordered a different case elsewhere.  I tried it on four different belts.  The iPhone is too valuable and expensive to risk on a weak clipped holster.  I recommend against this case.
8094	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought the Jabra over other stereo choices specifically because you can use your own headphones. I have hard to fit ears, and I've found over the years that little earbuds are extremely fragile. I usually develop a bad connection in one wire or another after about a year, so I thought it would be wise for me to get something that I could always replace the part that will likely break first-- the headphones. My primary use is with my phone for talking and listening to music.




Should I buy this one or the or the new Blueant supertooth light bluetooth speakerphone III?
4751	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	i bought these headphones and I am happy with it. The only reason why I bought it was because my ipod did not have a microphone. I wanted this so I can use skype and record my voice and stuff. Everything is great about it except the headphones always fall out of my ear no matter how I put them in.

3510	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Best protection
3966	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME. After reading many reviews about this unit I decided to purchase it. That was the perfect decision. The set-up took about 1 minute, instructions were simple and easy to follow. The unit fits snugly to my visor and is easy to remove for charging. I get about 2 weeks worth of use on one charge, that is awesome. The phone/speaker clarity is outstanding, I can hear clearly all my calls and the folks on the other end of the call are amazed it is a wireless speaker. I have recommended this to a fellow business owner and he has purchased this unit for 8 of his sales reps.  This is THE unit to purchase. Don't waste your money on any other unit. And my wife also uses this unit, as I bought her one. Only word of caution is , you have to remember to close/shut off the unit when you leave your call. Even that is no big deal, as the worst thing that can happen is you will only get about 1 weeks worth of usage before needing to charge. The included car charger makes this a snap. I would rate this unit a 10 out of 10.
So while I would not classify this car booster as plug n play.... with a little pre purchase diligence and possibly help from tech support, the product delivers as advertised, with the added safety benefits of reducing RF exposure to yourself!  Hope this helps with your buying decision.
The phone came in an impressive package.  We slid in the AT&T sim card and it worked instantly.  Not all the contacts moved over, but not a big deal.  Paired with bluetooth effortlessly.  The call quality is top notch. A lot more bells and whistles but my wife will never use them.
(see my review).
- Phil
For example, i'm at my computer now typing this. If I want to go to the kitchen for 10 minutes, normally i'd have to unplug my phone and take it. Then i'd probably forget to plug it back up when I got back to my computer and i'd have dead phone life. Since its charging now on this device, I can just take the whole thing into the kitchen and my charge lives on!
9841	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These replaced some LR927 batteries in a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SE-Triplet-10X-21mm-LED-Illuminated-Loupe/dp/B002E0MU7U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SE Triplet 10X - 21mm LED Illuminated Loupe</a>.
383	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I can get as much life out of the regular S4 batteries as can this thing.  The case is a good one, but the battery doesn't last and takes twice as long to charge.
1011	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These antenna boosters really help to add to my cellphones ability to pick up a signal.
1582	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It does well in the car and has good range.  It can reach my phone from everywhere in the house and can reach amazingly far at work.  Good thing because the are some cell dead zones at work.  The cell can stay where the reception is good.
9. Once paired, both headset and phone remained paired in future use, all one has to do is open the boom mike and automagically the link is made. (assuming the phone has BlueTooth turned on).
Friction alone would hold the sender in, so the Velcro strap is just insurance.
5435	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'll probably not need anything more than what the phone currently offers, the shape and dimensions of the phone can be improved. I was looking to get an Iphone, but, the Camera on this is definitely a decisive factor.

4395	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Having a SIM card that does not incur a monthly or yearly fee is convenient when one travels abroad only occasionally and for a very short time.
This charger is also UL listed, which is more than you can say for most of the no-name Chinese chargers being sold. Look up "fire" and "battery charger" on Google to see what happens to some no-name chargers that are not UL (or TUV, CSA, ETL, etc.) listed. To me it's not worth the risk of burning the house down. The no-name Chinese brands have little to lose and everything to gain from selling the most cheaply made products possible. While Lenmar has a significant US presence and can be held liable if one of their products causes property damage if it's poorly designed.

1151	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this one based on all the good user reviews and its popularity.  I had to replace an older D-Link USB that just didn't seem to work at all on both our mac's and PC's (I had two D-Link's).  I had hoped this Hub would actually work unlike the D-Link hub and it does the job great!

378	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery does what a battery should.  Prompt shipment.  Would purchase again.

9365	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	ok look...i LOVE NOKIA. all the reviews have said great things. however on day two of ownership my LCD screen will not come on. the phone is on but it will not come on. this to me is a bad omen and i have to return it and not for replacement. im sorry. take this review for what its worth. for me i just am leary now of the model. on the plus side. yes... its really packed full of features....however i do admit that keypad is a bit on the small side. for me.... its definately loud and the graphics are pretty...i will admit that it isn't always the smoothest as it transiitons from menu to menu. i did get to download ngage games and that was kewl. and the gps was neat but keep in mind you do need a data plan of sorts in order to use it...i thought you didn't either way i didn't have anytime to figure it out before it died this morning. for this amount of money and with no tech support from my tmobile since its unlocked i simply can not take the risk nor do i want to mess with nokia usa warranty. i really wanted to love this phone...really! i think i will look at the e71 im sorry for having to post this review...i hope it was just a one fluck with my unit.
PROS:

This speakerphone works great! It charged up quickly (I bought the AC/DC converter offered with it) and then paired with my phone (LG Shine) easily. It clips to my visor and looks sleek. It has a large multifunction button that turns it on, answers calls, hangs up calls and also initiates voice command if pressed quickly.
The 4G-S device is wired up, the phone has been inserted and secured, so now it's time for me to test the power supply. I inserted the 12V DC adapter into the vehicle power socket. If it is working correctly, the light at the top of the front face of the 4G-S will be green. I didn't have to remove my phone to see the green light, but that may be necessary for taller phones.
No stand.
5132	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The connection is good only at home. 20 miles away from home, you get connection only by LUCK. Do NOT depend on it.
-laser is actually useful
Yes, you can only hear the phone calls in the left ear, but that's the communication's standard.  If your phone transmitted it in stereo, it would play in stereo.
I did that, mounting this outlet block inside my car's center bin to give me charging options for phones, tablets, Kindles, cameras, etc. that will fit inside the bin and charge there.
- Reasonably priced
4369	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Broke after two months
9733	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!
2078	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The product worked fine, but it was very difficult to find a location where the inside antenna didn't "see" the external one.
Comfort - I also found this headset to be the clear winner in the area over the other three that I have used. I wear glasses so the over the ear hook is a necessity. I think that they have also hit the sweet spot on placement of the speaker. The speaker is raised from the surface of the headset as opposed to the HS850 which is flush with the main body of the headset. However, it does not go into your ear like the BT250v or the Plantronics 320. I guess another way to put it is it rests just outside of the ear canal so the speaker is as close to being inside your ear without actually being so. I think that this maximizes comfort and contributes to the better sound quality. Finally, the vibrate feature is very disturbing if you are not used to it. Don't let that stop you though because it is something that you can turn off if you so desire.

CONCLUSION: IS THIS PHONE COOL? YES. IS IT PRACTICAL AND USER FRIENDLY FOR NO NONSENSE BUSINESS PEOPLE? DONT BUY IT!!!!


My major gripe is with the tools they send with the screen, they are worthless!!! The screen is just like the original, great brightness, color and fit.
JIS "2" Dripping water at an angle up to 15 degrees from vertical shall have no harmful effect (Drip resistant 2)

thanks again
5900	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife can't leve home without it awesome
4052	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	IGO products will save you money by only replacing the tips and not the whole power source. Saves space when traveling. Very convenient - these work perfectly. I have the power source for the home and the car & many tips. I love it & think it is a brilliant idea.

2911	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The shape of the hard plastic ear hook was designed to cause pain - note the 2 hard plastic jagged corners turned towards your ear while the rounded portion faces up and away from any skin that it could interfere with harming.
9236	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Saw this at a trade show selling for $15. I knew I could beat the price. Wow, only $4.91. And it's a great puch.

-Micro Sd slot so you can store more music and pictures
2622	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a good inexpensive Bluetooth headset. I have used it in all types of conditions, walking in noisy urban areas, driving, etc. I can hear the people I am speaking with and they can hear me.
1737	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was very, very pleased with this purchase.  The connector was what I thought is was, the price was outstanding, and the shipping was quick.  Very positive experience.
MODELS:
8745	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	if you know what you're getting into with this phone then you should be happy with it. the battery is excellent, if you are using it outdoors the e-ink display is perfect. speaker is loud as is the earpiece and the ringer volume could wake the dead! menu is simple to use.
5044	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Now that I have the new iPhone 5, many normal headphones don't work with it while it's in my Otterbox case. I need the case as I have really bad luck with technology... and this handy device solves all of my problems! Good quality product, and -- even better -- it's super inexpensive.
2495	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Item was purchased to replace a Motorola 300 headset. Worked ok but, paired fast. Volume was ok but could have been louder. Biggest drawbacks were callers could barely hear me if I was not using my 'outside' voice which is annoying to others around you. The other complaint is the fit. I still do not understand how Motorola engineers enjoy this design. It feels like it is going to fall off and on occasion does. Item was returned within 30 day policy of where it was purchased. Here is where I am at currently with headsets....this is my review for the cardo scala 700lx that I currently own and am very happy with so far. I feel the cardo is a better unit for comperable price.
This adapter also has a flimsy cord. The plastic on the male end is slimmer and will fit into a tighter spot than the 2 white ones I tested.  The hard plastic ends seem a little more durable than the ends of the white ones. I believe I can get some use out of this one, but wouldn't buy another one.
-Nice leather look
3476	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really love this case. I love the color and how it fit so well with my phone. It a tight fit and it make me feel more safe with my new phone. I love the grip on the edge of the phone. It a great value and highly recommend it.
6154	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is actually a pretty slim charger for the capacity and might be better for small pocket than some of the other chargers.  It is narrower, but slightly thicker and longer to balance out the internal capacity.  It has very solid construction that is typical of other New Trent products I have experience with.  The unit itself input charges from a micro USB connection which means you can use your phone charger to charge the charger (unless you are an Apple user that is!).  It has 4 battery gauge LEDs that come on and stay on during charging which is really nice.  The only output charging caveat, is that it powers off when connected to a low power device like my plantronics bluetooth headset.  This can be worked around in the two-port New Trent chargers by plugging a high power device into the other port, but since this charger only has one port, that's a no-go.  Make sure this is OK for your application.  The LED is not very bright, it's on par with a keychain light.  The laser pointer works fine, although activating/deactivating it can be a nuisance until you learn the button sequences required to operate all three functions: laser, light, and charger.  If you are looking for a narrower charger with a laser pointer, maybe for your computer bag, this might be for you.
The phone is too large and heavy and has poor quality voice reproduction.  You can't use wallpaper and the ring tones sound terrible.


-It has advantages over the super Japanese cell phones and system in that I can take longer movies and send them by regular e-mail.
2408	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	First the headset wouldn't charge and the new set (the vendor was great and sent me another one) sound was so soft, no one could hear me (nor I they).  It really needed a better ear piece and/or a hook to hold it to the ear.  It fell twice out of my ear and I was afraid that I'd lose it.
49	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	really lie it a  lot but lost three stones already should have come withe some extras and glue as others


2. Should come with the ability to charge using the USB Cable (Hope Nokia fixes their darn old habit of not allowing the phone to charge via the USB cable.
6961	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This mount does not work well. It looks bad, falls off my window, and is just plain awkward.

addition to my road warrior gear.
I'm not sure what all the fuss is from other reviewers (more often on other brands...), but this headset seems perfect to me.


We installed the amplifier kit in a converted commercial building that has a lot of concrete, 12" outside walls, and 6"-8" interior walls.  The outdoor antenna was installed on a high point facing in-between two cell phone towers that we needed to pick up (family members have two different carriers' cell phones) and the coax line (the entire 50') was run down an interior opening and into an underground basement area.

I would get this charger again without question if mine does break.
1196	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am satisfied with the kit. It works fine. I didn't expect much considering it is a cheap kit, but for that I am very satisfied. It will likely outlast the technology of the treo and I will probably replace the treo in 2 years anyway.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H300-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B0016L98XM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H300 Bluetooth Headset</a>

Overall this is a solid choice that I definately recommend for your Nokia phone.
The difference between getting text directions and being able to pull up a map of the area you are in as you drive down the road is wonderful - and then javascript stops you from being able to pull up a turn by turn map as you need it.
The laser pointer can be activated by accident (only 1-click of a button) and shoot the laser into eyes. But I never accidentally activated the laser pointer....


b. the screw(?) that holds the kickstand in place on the back of the case bulges out and makes the phone sit slightly lopsided when you put it on a flat surface facing upward. Not an issue for me, but didn't expect the screw to bulge out the way it does.
Some things not to like about the phone:
It's better than the HS850 in the following ways:

9531	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Tried this in the mountains and it failed to do anything.  We have Verizon - people with Iphones sometimes get signal at my house but we have Droids and there is nothing. The booster didn't do a thing for the Droid.  Disappointed & returned.
The GPS V comes with the required mounting bracket, and other models do too, but if not, you need to make sure you get it along with this.

So I ordered the EQO model, because it's all interior and no roof mounting. I have to say, it's by far the best labeled/packaged product I've ever seen. Every part is in its own bag, labeled with a big Step 1, Step 2, etc on it. Good instructions too. Everything is very clearly spelled out and well marked. So one downside, or something to consider at least: It took A LOT of experimenting, location-wise. I spent a week or so moving it around to different windows, up high, down low, you name it. This thing is VERY touchy. The SLIGHTEST angle change can make a HUGE difference in reception, at least in my experience. So in my case (and much to my surprise) I ended up not using the little window antenna at all. That's the little part that goes between your glass and screen. It seems the boost it might have received wasn't worth the loss of signal from the extra cable, so in other words, connecting a 3rd part counter-acted the benefit. So I set that aside, set the larger antenna just inside the window (interior window sill, table near window, etc) and continued experimenting with my arrangement that way.
The size is good, it fits in my briefcase or pocket nicely and is easy to travel with. I use the light more than I thought I would. The carrying pouch is a nice touch.
2636	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a piece to replace my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-HS850/dp/B0007WWAGI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola HS850</a>, which was broken by falling on a hardwood floor. My final decision rested between the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-510/dp/B0009B0IX4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager 510</a>&nbsp;and Scala 700. Since it was too hard of a decision, I bought both - Scala for me and Plantronics 510 for my wife - since she hadn't previously had one at all. Now that I tried both items, here is the bottom line: we are both happy, as both devices share 90% common features, and both do a pretty good job for noise cancellation. They're both very comfortable (I keep mine on the whole day at work), look very nice - and yet - mine is 20$ cheaper!


282	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So far so good, haven't had any real issues with the vase or battery recharge itself... but the charging cable you get is short in length.... and you can only use the one they give you to charge your phone and case.... which defeats the purpose of the actual charging cord ypu get with your phone..... note for the seller... please invest in a longer charging cable and provide at least 2 charging cables .
Here is what you have to make sure to do:
- Wi-Fi interferes with your phone call.  I was very excited that this phone could connect to Wi-Fi, but it turned out to be a drag.  Any time the phone was downloading data (new Emails, messages, etc), if you were talking on the phone at the same time, the voice on the other end would sputter and lag until the data transfer was done.  This could last up to a minute or more each time.

320	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very nice.
3. Screen is smaller than the curve's (not a problem at all for me) which some people may not like.
Conclusion: Don't buy ever. Please for me, yourself, and for everyone else in the world don't buy this product. We must show that consumers are not idiots and that we can learn other peoples mistakes. I spent the time writing this review so you could make my mistake count lady's and gentlemen.


509	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my first phone since owning an Ericsson RX280L, and I had gotten used to unlimited Internet access and long battery life as necessary features for a phone and service.  The Nokia 3650 will browse the Web, and the battery is fairly long-lived.  On those counts, this is a perfectly acceptable upgrade.  However, when you rate it on its own merits, there are some points to consider.


-Can easily get lost, though this problem is shared by all small headsets really
43	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The product is recommended for anyone looking to use it or gift it to one of your family members. Thanks
I'd give this product a 5 out of 5 stars as it meets or exceeds all my expectations for a good, reliable battery backup for my iPhone. It is easy to pack with you and has some nice bonus features that one doesn't expect to find on an external battery backup device. I would definitely recommend to anyone wanting battery backup/external pack for extending the life of your phone.
-Not EDGE (high speed Internet) capable

That's right... at my office I normally have 3/5 bars of signal on Verizon. I plugged this signal booster in, placed my phone in the cradle, placed the antenna on top of my car, and ... nothing. Still 3/5 bars. I moved the antenna to the back of the car... nothing. Unplugged and plugged it back in... nothing. I searched the manufacturer's website for more information but couldn't find anything. Called their support line during business hours, but waited on hold forever and finally got a voicemail box. Left message and waiting to hear back (will update if/when I do).
Overall, I think that the nuvi200 is a good buy and would recommend it for people who are on a slim budget.  However, if you have the money to splurge anyway and are looking for more features in a GPS (s/a text-to-speech, longer battery life, or bluetooth), then I would go for a higher-end model nuvi.
6679	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this product. It did not perform as described.  I tried both an inside and an outside installation. The outside installation did increase signal strength, but the inside installation did not increase the signal. The problem with the outside installation was that I live in a region that has a lot of thunder and lightning storms. The added expense of the outside lightning protector made the product too expensive.
These are very attractive bluetooth earphones, and you would think Motorola knew what they were doing when they made these, but they did everything a bluetooth earbud manufacturer shouldn't do.  If the earbuds were flexible, that would solve many issues.  If the cords were longer that would be nice.  If the earbuds were contoured to stay in my ear, that would be even better.  Perhaps if the back wasn't made to catch sweat so efficiently I would have a winner.  I have purchased foam replacements for the earbuds in the hopes that will help in comfort, sound quality, and staying in my ear.  Maybe I can wrap the electronics in saran wrap when I work out to prevent sweat from entering.  I am stuck with these until I figure something else out.  Anyway, I cannot recommend these earbuds.  Sorry Motorola.

4773	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I thought these headphones were a good deal at the price.  They did link up to my MP3 and the sound was ok since I mostly listen to books.  However, for no reason they broke near the earpiece.  After reading other reviews I find this is a common occurance.  I "fixed" the break with epoxy and tape and ordered more expensive headphones with better reviews.
Light weight
5347	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a very smart looking case. Fits like a glove. I looked at this a half dozen times over several days when I was looking for a case for my Blackberry and kept coming back to this one. Excellent grip and the black and yellow really makes this stand out. Friends are very impressed at the looks of this OtterBox case.
(original review)

2987	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I needed a cheap phone to tide me over till my contract expires. I've always had good luck with Motorola products previously, but i suspect the mouthpiece on the phone i got is defective. Nobody can understand a word i say into the phone unless i plug in my ear-bud and speak into that, in which case everyone can hear me OK.
777	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	as described. Thanks!
695	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased an item days ago with out the fee. I purchased the very same item days later and now there's an "estimated regulatory cost recovery fee".
If you get this you'll be surprised at how useful it can become in little to no time.
9411	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This did not work for my T-MOBILE NETWORK So I bought "Nextivity Cel-Fi RS2 Cell Phone Signal Booster for T-Mobile Only" and this works great just have to Google research about products that will work with your network and read product reviews
Cons:
4090	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The "BlackBerry Lether Swivel Holster" fits my 8330 just fine, even with the hard skin included in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Transparent-Clear-Crystal-Snap-on-Cover-Case-Rapid-Car-Charger-Premium-Clear-Reusable-LCD-Screen-Protector-for-RIM-Blackberry-8330-8310-8320-8300-Curve-Smartphone/dp/B001D4KJ08/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Transparent Clear Crystal Snap-on Cover Case + Rapid Car Charger + Premium Clear Reusable LCD Screen Protector for RIM Blackberry 8330 8310 8320 8300 Curve Smartphone</a>&nbsp;attached.
6757	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good

5400	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great dock for the curve.  You may not notice but the blackberry insignia on the front is actually an LED which lights up when the curve is in the cradle, charging.  Great for a bedside cradle if you use your curve as an alarm clock.  Also great for work.  Looks great.  This requires a charging cable which plugs into the back(sold separately).

9419	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This cell booster wasn't good enough for my location. If I turned it on I could send a text, but I couldn't call or access the Internet. So I returned it. Maybe someday I'll try the big weBoost amp (https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00WMFXE5O/ref=aw_wl_ov_dp_1_12?colid=17Y61221O28QJ&coliid=I3EPZ3F2RA70SX&vs=1) for almost $500.
In comparing this rubber piece to my in-ear earphones, I found my earphones were much softer and more forgiving, but I was unable to fit the spares from my earphones onto the CallPod Dragon.  I should have contacted the customer service dept again, but I didn't, so the Dragon just sits on my dresser unused.
Drawbacks: yes, the dialpad is small, and you really have to get used to the keys and ESPECIALLY the joystick, but it's OK after a few days. I'd just as soon they'd made the Windows Media buttons smaller and increased the size of the other ones, but it does seem to do well with .wmv files..


6)  Picture quality is quite good, however, I haven't played with the video yet. Personally, I find it very difficult to watch video on such tiny screens when I'm used to my 60" at home.
Connectivity - I'm bummed that OS X's iSync does not support this phone yet but I'm going to assume that it's just one update away since SE phones typically have very good iSync-compatibility.

19	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Of all my cases this is the one that I have on my phone right now I love,love,love it fits great so pretty and femine
2071	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Yes, this item works well.  But yes, it takes some RF and electronics knowledge to make it work right.  For me, I have verizon cell phones operating in the 800MHZ cell band in my area.  In my house we had zero to 1 bar and could make calls but they were frequently dropped or cut in and out.  We could walk down the block and the signal was better.  Our house sits in a depression and most of the cell signal was going over the top of our house.
So it really doesn't matter that the protector went on cleanly for me, or that the second pull tab worked fine and didn't leave a sticky residue, or that the shape of the protector is perfect. It doesn't matter because no matter how careful you are to push all the air bubbles out, they will creep steadily back in in the niche between the "BlackBerry" bump and the actual screen. And this lateral air bubble ends up taking up a fair whack of screen real estate, unless you press it out every single time you want to use your phone.
If you want a stronger signal, bite the bullet and get the more expensive Wilson product.
I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND this headset and believe it may be the best one available.
7430	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This arrived from Tiger Direct a few days after my order, not as fast as direct from Amazon but okay. The unit would not operate at all. (White LED stayed on; headset would not pair with the cell phone or turn on or off.)
1336	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The "hands free" HF820 was highly recommended by the Motorola sales person after I purchased my new KRZR phone from US Cellular.  Being a very careful shopper, I did some research online and some of the past reviews must have been written about the previous model.  Comments like, "doesn't hold a charge" or "it doesn't let you know when to recharge the batteries" are totally false!  After I charged the unit the first time and waiting for the charge light to go out, I linked my bluetooth phone to the HF820 in about a 2 minutes (it's simple to do) and I was amazed at the clarity of sound.  By turning on your phone's "auto answer" your cell phone will ring along with a very distinct and pleasant ring from the HF unit itself and you can just start talking!  It's really cool!  If you want to make a call, just press the large and easy to find blue button and the unit will ask you for a command --- I simply say, "Call mom--home" and it confirms your request, I say, "yes" and it responds by saying, "calling."  If you list more than one number per person, it will ask you which number?  You say ...home or ...mobile.  The duplex sound is incredible and the volume is fully adjustable on the unit as well from your phone.  The only draw back I have is the unit doesn't always ask you to say a command when you press the large blue button.  I've learned to reset the unit's "on" button and then it works great.  When the unit's power gets low, the side light blinks...after the charge it will last for hours.  One hint to make the batteries last longer:  leave the unit off until your phone rings in your pocket.  Then turn the HF820 "on" and within 3 seconds you're talking hands free.  I live near Chicago where it is now illegal to hold a cell phone and drive.  This is  must have for safety.  The unit lists for about 99 bucks, I purchased it on sale for $69 with free shipping -- great value!
The directions say I'll see an increase in signal bars when my phone is in the powered booster cradle.  I may see one bar improvement, especially in the car.  In the house sometimes I do, but even if not the signal is almost always visibly better if the service out here is cooperating at all. Until I need it in the car, I'll continue to use it in the house and am pleased so far.  The antenna is inside the house attached to a metal bedstead.  There is way more cord than I need for this setup, but I'm so happy to have faster internet, I'm not complaining.
- Prevents scratches on the rear of the device and has a slight lip over the top that will keep the screen from contacting the ground should you drop it.


I can't give it a sincere durability rating yet, but its sat in my back pocket of my jeans without damage so far (200lb guy sitting on it).  I haven't dropped it to the ground, or dropped it in water yet, but that will happen.  I hope it survives.
1178	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	[Apart from minor issues like stability of the "weighted" base, this hub has been such a consistent, heavy-duty performer, while holding its price point (just short of 30) for exactly 4 years, that I've had to award it 5 stars (and order the identical model for my wife).  But just in the last 2 months the hub has been behaving completely opposite to expectations.  It goes totally dead with my hard drives, telling me that they're drawing too much power and therefore the hub is shutting them down until I remove them. But even when the hub is naked with the exception of a tiny flash drive, it remains dead, dark and non-communicative.  It comes back to life only when I disconnect the AC power and rely on nothing more than the power supplied by the USB ports.  That's fine, but not what I need with my 1TB (and bigger) hard drives, which until now had been showing on my computer's desktop with each start-up.  I'm about to call a rep in order to get an idea of what's going on and whether there's a fix (could it be Apple's latest update to OSX?  I'll be back pending further info.]
So why not 5 stars? As cheap as plastic fake chrome finishes look, plain white plastic looks cheaper, and this only comes in plain white. It *feels* like a great shower head, which is the most important thing, but let's just say that a decorator would not let you install it.
I lived in Japan for 3 years, so needless to say I was dreading the idea of having to use a bulky, ugly, and outdated phone when I came back. The US is at least 2-3 years behind many countries in the world, and at least 5 or 6 years in the case of Japan. My phone in Japan (V602SH by Sharp) had an SD card, TV out, 2 megapixel camera, a huge, bright and colorful screen, plus a blindingly bright led flashlight! It was a model from the previous year and only $25, but I got it free because I accumulated enough points. Current models take even smaller mini-SD cards, or XD! Anyway, enough about that. You can't get it here. There is no technical reason for it (Japanese world band phones can roam internationally), except that maybe the DRASTICALLY FANTASTICALLY advanced technology will screw up the status quo here and decimate the crappy US cell phone market.
8965	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the "handiest" external battery chargers I have seen on the market. Not only does it complete two full charge cycles on the iPhone and the Samsung Galaxy S2 and one full charge on the Kindle Fire, but it is designed to comfortably fit in the palm of your hand. The LED flashlight is a nice added touch and the laser pointer is great when making presentations. It would be even better if it had an additional 2.1 amp port, but this might effect the "handiness" of the design if it increased the thickness and weight of the device. As it is designed now, I am able to hold both the iTorch and my smartphone in the palm of my hand while charging. Overall, this is a "must have" for all smart phone users.

5112	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered this kind from a diferent seller and when arrive top fron where it folds over the plastic underneath is always coming apart as was the same problem with this seller seems to be a manafacturer issue so i wouldn't recommend this item the vinyl may be better and have less chance of this issue but no more will i buy this item fro mthis seler or any other seller as i am closing amazon account out because too many sellers having issues reviews will be posted about this item ands sellers online review sites
925	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	For Motorola I thought these would be better.  If I so much as put my phone in a pocket the BT signal starts to break up which is annoying when you're running.  The MPOW headphones I have are much better and cost a lot less.
a) The bluetooth music is BAD. Sound is tinny
3070	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My Adesso Scanner came with a velvet drawstring bag. I wanted something more substantial, and thought this case might work. The quoted dimensions are slightly off. The outside dimensions are actually 11.5 X 2.5 X 2.2 none is 3.2
Finally, after nearly 2 years, and several moves, I lost it. I was devastated.  I decided to upgrade to the Voyager Pro. It worked great, but was not nearly as comfortable.  After a few months of that, I bequeathed it to my son, and I have purchased another Voyager 510.  This was salvation for him, because he has been through at least 6 headsets, Jabra, Motorola, other good names, but none of them had the quality (sound and endurance) of my Plantronics.
9702	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Noticed that the jeweler who I had change my watch batteries in the past used this brand. Started doing them myself to save money. Way cheaper, nor that hard to figure out
4233	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	With daily use with my iPhone 4, this case fell apart.  Stiches came undone, "leather" around the clip ripped.  Lining inside worn out.  This is not a durable accessory.


4210	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have tried several headsets to find one I like. I finally tried the Jawbone and it is a keeper.

  I have no reservations about the device and I solidly recommend it as a bluetooth headset for use with both mobile phones and Playstation 3.

I opened, removed and replaced this lcd screen in about 25 minutes.
My favorite thing about this battery pack is that it uses a modern day port to charge it...MICRO USB!! Most battery packs I've bought in the past require a proprietary plug or use mini USB.  What a pain since 90% of devices, give or take a few, use micro USB. Well the iTorch solves that problem for me. In fact, I've replaced all my other battery packs thanks to this one. No need to carry extra cables anymore for me! Yay!

It was easy to use, my son helped me make mash potatoes and he was able to use it just fine. It is made out of stainless steel which is another feature that I liked about it, but it isn't the strongest stainless steel. It doesn't seem heavy duty as it is advertised to be.
You just can't go wrong by protecting your investment with one of these.. I bought a few extras just in case they get discontiued..


4360	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I loved these until, after I had them for about a month, I discovered that they had broken, exactly where others reported them broken, near the right earphone. The bluetooth worked well after I changed the settings on my Centro a bit, and they were reasonably comfortable on the 7-mile jogs I went on. I have no clue why they broke; there were no symptoms of weakness that I noticed. Now they still work, though I would have  to hold the right earpiece to my ear.
3277	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this and ended up selling the phone so I did not use it much, but while I had it I really liked the look and fit.  The only thing for me that I didn't care for was the glossy plastic parts on the back.  I have the same case for the Galaxy Note 2 and the plastic on it is a matte finish which looks much nicer.

The holster is much stronger than I expected, with high impact plastic and a strong ratcheting swivel clip.  It stays in place and is easy to slide the phone into without having to look at the holster.  The magnet in the holster also turns off your screen for you to save batteries and prevent accidental button presses.

4251	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	TRASH - beeps out of the box like crazy, won't hold a charge for longer than 3 or 4 30 minute to 1 hour meetings and I sounded like Darth Vader to everyone on the call.  Missed my return window by 8 days.  Extremely unhappy and not sure if I should blame the 3rd party seller or Moto.  Very sad and disappointed considering that my last Roadster (the cheap one) worked fine for 4 years and I only replaced it because I wanted too, not because I needed too.  Now I am stuck with nothing.
The battery pack itself is built quite well and looks great.  It's solid, feels good in the hand and is straightforward to use.  Just hold the button to turn it on, plug the USB connector into the battery, plug the other end into your phone, and you're good to go.  Compared to the battery in my phone, this IMP500 gives me almost 4x the power, which translates in to hours of calls, texting, surfing the web and whatever else the phone does.  Perfect for long outings and emergency situations!
5872	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product has been very usefull and really provides good safe keeping of my phone and my personal items.  Very good price.
8999	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had the pleasure of using this products for a view days now, and I really enjoy using this.
One other minor note, compared to the Samsung, the camera, while superior, has an external lens even when the slider is closed. Some may consider this an advantage, but the Samsung's slider covered and thereby protected the lens while it was being jostled in a pocket or out in the weather.
7341	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
3150	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bought this for my sister and she rave reviewed this it clips on her vent in the town and country mini van and in tahoe.

8386	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good purchase. Didn't rip yet
1958	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast service. Product was as described.


  Even when I got it on correctly (see expectation #5) the protector is easily removed and even more easily scratched. In fact this protector is so soft that a clean fingernail will scratch it. Which mean any object in the world that you can't dent or scratch with your nail is too tough for you to set your phone on. So unless your life is filled with terrycloth and sunbeams your phone will quickly look like you threw it down on the pavement every 5 minutes.
Recommended!
-Solid reception - seems to hold calls pretty well - have not experienced unexpected call drops.

2070	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.  I lay my phone down and forget where it is. This helps me keep track of phone
YES, THE CAMERA: Enough has been said of the camera. It's all true. I can take a photo in pitch blackness. The infrared will shoot across a room to auto-focus & the bright Xenon will illuminate the room to take excellent, quality photos in complete darkness. This is no exaggeration. It has replaced my actual camera so I can carry less. I record all of my YouTube vids with the phone, too.


I like the more discreet look of having the "guts" of this device behind my ear, with a thin microphone on the side of my face, rather than the fat Motorola designs.



8303	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	i bought this for my new iPhone 3G. it doesn't work because it is not compatible with it.
2278	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Product arrived on time and as advertised.  useful charging option.



7693	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Super soft and cute... Love it!
There's also the usual selection of programs, like a calculator, alarm clock, organizer, etc. The system also comes with a few game demos, none of which are particularly memorable.


9545	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product. I bought if for my daughter, but tried it out at my place first.  She lives in a 'dead spot' where cell phones work poorly at best of times and often not at all. Hoped it would solve her problem, but it wasn't the fault of the Signal Booster, hated to have to part with it.
  2nd. Problem, the battery is very hot to the touch.
The bottom line though is that this phone has some serious quality flaws and therefore I do not recommend purchasing this model anymore. I give it 2-stars since the phone is still a very nice slider design with excellent software/interface.
6653	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We had some dead spots of signal at my dad's office.  It was not a thing of a single carrier because all were equally affected, and they just kept saying "Sorry we can't take responsibility".  So I investigated a little and found this kind products.  Then made a further investigation in order to decide which model to buy.  At the end I chose this one and I'm very glad I did.  It includes absolutely all that we needed in order to install it.  Its positioning will need a little trial and error but we finally found a sweet spot and so far we have solved all of our problems.  100% recommended.
2) When the unit fits properly, audio amplification is better

It took four (4) hours to fully charge the IMP52D while connected to an AC outlet using the supplied micro USB charging cable and my own Apple AC charger. I then used it to charge my iPad 2 from 15% to 70% in 3.5 hours. The iTorch was depleted and showed a "low" status of one (1) flashing led of power


Usually I hate the looks of most Bluetooth headsets: the obnoxious blinking blue lights and the giant blobs of techno-crud clamped to peoples ears make them look like extras from bad 80s sci-fi movies. I have to say that the Motorola Buds practically disappear, especially while wearing them under the collar of a polo shirt. They do have an indicator light, but it is nestled in between the power switch and charging port, so its not visible at all while they're being worn. I have to say, at first I wasn't too pleased with the fact that even the black headset has white bits on it (the undersides of the flat cords, the silicone ear pieces, and the forward/inside halves of the earbud shells). I have changed my mind and have very much come to enjoy the subtle high-contrast design. It looks nice and modern without looking like its trying too hard. As I said, it practically disappears under a polo collar  all you can see is the white silicone ear pieces and a touch of the white from the cord. When youve got an earbud inserted, the white flash from the undersides of the cords help make it a little more obvious to others that you're either listening to music or talking on the phone. I say a little because people still give me weird looks when they walk into a room while Im in mid conversation. I have to make the universal Im not a lunatic, Im just on the phone gesture to most folks, but the observant ones can figure it out for themselves more easily. I see these now come in blue, which makes me even more sad that they don't come in red. You see, I have a sickness. A sickness which has yet to be defined (or even acknowledged) by Science, in which I have an overwhelming love (some, like my wife, would say unhealthy obsession) for black things with red trim, or red things with black trim, or  well, you get the idea. If these came in red, Id sell 4 of my 5 pints of blood (or at least my black/white Buds) to get a set. Maybe one day.

8501	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The case is no way resemble to the advertised picture. I bought it because the picture looks nice.
6092	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Update 03-04-2014
Highly Recommended!
tested on a Motorola Droid Bionic and I liked that the same cable used
I love this charging pod and it fits my Blackberry 8330m like a glove.
9839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I needed some batteries for 3 different watches that ran out of batteries.  Luckily they used the same type/size of battery (I guess it's quite common).
To me, 'wearing' a Blackberry is second-nature, having had one attached to may waist for more than 10 years now, so I may be as good as getting my Blackberry in an out if its holster as a gunslinger is with his gun. There's a lot I like about this holster and here I'm putting it down in a list:

All in all, I highly recommend the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset.  When I finally break or lose this one, I will look at replacing it with another Aliph model before any other manufacturer.
Negative Features: Bad battery life when usign Bluetooth & IR excessivly, strange keypad layout [you get used to it], bluetooth learning curve, slow 'boot-up' [about 30 seconds].

1801	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	While its not your super inflated priced audiophile preamp it has good response and good sound to feed into your amplifier.
- You have to take it out every time you need to take out the SIM or battery. Although it takes about 10 seconds to get it on, it can also be a real hassle if you need to do this often.
Black adapter received from seller "Eforcity" - 3 stars:

7 to 10 keys: Retrieve Emails
6.  Manual button to flip open [comes in handy]

This signal booster signals up to 1,500 sqft which is enough for our downstairs living where we and our guests are most of the time.  It comes with 3 pieces, the booster, inside antennae and outside antennae.  The set up was super easy, each cable and pieces were labeled with Step 1, 2, 3.. etc with specific instruction that help us connect each piece so easily.  The only work you have to do is go to each window and have your phone read with the booster analysis and detect which will have the maximum reception.  The setup was well thought out to where we didn't even have to call customer service.
GPS (comes w/ Nokia maps as well, but download Google Maps for free. It's better). At cost, you can add voice-guided directions as well.
Pros:
65	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good product, good price, fast shipping

3146	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It holds my phone securely to my vent, and it didn't cost much. It would be better if it rotated 90deg. If I can find one that mounts on top of my dash (so that the camera can see out of the windshield) and doesn't block my view, I'll replace this one, but it's good enough for now, and good for the money.
1550	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Update 11/11/2008

Van Man
3992	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great generic iPhone cable. It does not have the two buttons on the iPhone end that depresses the locking tabs.  Still, very good and priced right.
sorry
It would be a lot more helpful and professional looking to include the measuring container and labeled, printed bottle of activator.  Therefore I have lowered my review to 2 stars. Not based on product effectiveness, but the 4 application lacks clarity and direction.  This would be totally useless to a first time user.  Even after using the product for such a long time, I went to some leftover product to check that the activator was indeed pink and that it was not the protector. The 4 app is cost effective but only for repeat users.
Cons -




8292	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This case is a little larger than my phone but does exactly what I wanted it to do which is protect my phone from being damaged from banging around in my pocket. Now I can just clip it to my pants or belt and now that my keys or tools won't damage the phone.



Pros:

The phone also syncs with the PC (outlook) using the same connections (through the USB or via Bluetooth)
2794	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Phone needed a battery replaced, got and it did its job, Its re chargable. It does its job, so now my phones working.
I find the ease of use of this unit and it's efficient use of size more than makes up for the major features it is missing, which is WiFi and GPS.
Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!
But for now - PASS.
9327	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a good charger for my phone and I found one. I looked in stores but could not find it. But I found it on Amazon! Overall it is a good charger.
 - same micro usb charger port as my BB 8900
2982	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this type of phone for over 10 years. Gave my first one to my wife when she broke her old candy bar type phone died. Used my 2nd KRZR till the speaker got so weak it was hard to hear it ringing. This is my 3rd one and it does every thing I expected.

9024	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very convenient to charge my Apple phone & mp3 player. No hassle compact design and a large capacity charger. No need to look for electrical source to charge my devices.

I'm able to charge and sync my Zune 120gb via my desktop (win 7 x64), able to charge via any USB to AC adapter i own, and even my new Xbox MW3 console can charge and play using this cable.

- The speaker on the SE kills that one which is on the Shine
charging, the unit becomes slightly lukewarm; not alarmingly hot like some
The downsides are:  No video and I DETEST that the memory card is behind the battery, making it take forever to power down and access.  Beware, this phone takes awhile to boot up, but once it gets going, it's fantastic.



7754	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the BEST bluetooth I have ever used - EVER! I bought it because it was on sale at Staples and I had just lost my other one. Wow - did I luck out! What a GREAT bluetooth!! Here's why: (1) You know that earpiece that has to stick inside your ear with the other bluetooths? Well - this one doesn't have that! It's FLAT - nothing to stick inside your ear! (2) It's LOUD. You'd think that because it doesn't stick inside your ear you won't hear it? Nope! This bluetooth is LOUD & CLEAR. It's louder and clearer than any other bluetooth I've ever used. (3) Easy On/Off Switch - Just flip open the "boom" piece to turn it on, and flip it closed to turn it off. No holding a button down for 5-seconds. Just flip open for ON and flip closed for OFF. It's so simple! What a pleasure!

3795	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Arrived on time, well packaged.  Only used it for a few days so can't comment on durability, but it works exactly as expected so far.  Compact and easy to mount.  The two USB ports are really handy for cell phones.  Only thing I can think of to make it better would be to have a 120V AC plug instead of the two 12V cigarette ports.  Then I could keep everything charged from the one unit.
8397	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this device for my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samsung-Exhibit-II-4G-Prepaid-Android-Phone-T-Mobile/dp/B00607JBNO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samsung Exhibit II 4G Prepaid Android Phone (T-Mobile)</a>&nbsp;which has similar dimensions and the device works great when I am running with the Fitness App Map My Fitness.
The red laser feature is a good bonus for people who would use it and avoid having to carry around a separate laser pointer.  The flashlight is always useful, and not rare for portable batteries.
6541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	like
I didn't like that it was hot pink, but at $50 this phone was cheaper than any other Amazon offered, so I just got a case and covered up the pink.
8819	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	purchased for my grandson which lives in Iowa, do not see him very often, so cannot say anything about the performance.
I used to put the set in my pocket between calls.  Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.  I contacted the company and they indicates that this is because if the loop doesn't break, the headset itself would break instead.
8224	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is perfect for my phone.  It is exactly what I expected and it works wonderfully well.  I need no other protection for my razor phone and I am totally satisfied with this cover.  It is real leather and everything came as advertised and brand new.  I give this case and Amazon five stars!
The battery runs for 2-3 days - small
9592	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my parents as they are very rural and can't get good service in their house.  Now they do.  Even though it is supposed to be for just a single room, they swear that it improves their signal throughout their house.  0-1 bar before, now 2 bars throughout the house and 3 bars within 3 ft of the desktop antenna.
5951	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you're looking for a charger that can charge up your smart phone at least twice if not three times before needing to be recharged, this is for you. It's small and easy to travel with, charges up quickly after use, and charges your devices in no time. It won't recharge an iPad fully but it'll give you at least 50% extra run time. I love the size for dropping it in a bag when I'm on the go.

I am trying to stretch mine with baseball glove oil ... I can barely snap it closed over my v3xx.
I then at night just plug the Trent device into a PC or A USB wall charger and my Phone gets plugged into the Trent IMP500.  In the morning both are fully charge and ready to go for a full/heavy day of usage.
6628	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We ordered this for our cabin and it has helped us out tremendously.  Way better service on our phones and computers.  Make sure you put the box and the antenna away from each other.. one side of the house with one and the other side for the other.. works better..
8214	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Texting keyboard, nice colors (I have a royal blue), it's a camera, it's a camcorder, it's an mp3 player, it has video options, you can get ringtones from [...] for cheap (you only pay for the minutes you use on the internet downloading the songs/wallpapers, whatever), after a a few seconds of inactivity, it locks so you don't waste the battery as much (just unlock/lock it by pressing and holding the back button for about 2 seconds), you can surf on the internet (it's free/or isn't free depending on the plan you get), tons of settings and tools to fool around with and much more.
9339	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've purchased two of these, one to replace my jawbone and one for my network technician.  I have not soaked it in beer, buried it in sand, nor gone swimming with it.
5851	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great basic phone.  I have had it now for about two weeks and it works as advertised.  Tough no nonsense phone, that will stand up to some abouse.  I am hard on phones and have made this my primary phone.  Found out about this phone from a CNN article on "Zombie Phones" or rather emergency phones.  My old phone had trouble getting a signal and service was ok, this phone always has at least 2-3 bars of service when my other phone had no signal.  Battery life is decent right now it is 5-6 days but I think I can increase that by training the battery by letting run all the way down and then recharging it.  This phone does what was promised.  No bells and whistles, very limited texting ability, but good for making and recieveing calls.  For the price I recommend this to anyone.


5268	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Recieved the product in a timley manner and it works exactly as one would expect. Not much more needs to be said . It meets all expectations.

Comes in other sizes to fit your needs.
However, I still use my fingers most the time because of the obvious convenience, but for any kind of typing, this is a fantastic item, and I would strongly recommend this to anyone with an iPod Touch or an iPhone.
6330	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	liked it
593	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GNARLY BOX. ENOUGH ROOM TO PUT 2 GALAXY S 2 PHONES, A FEW CARDS AND SOME SMOKES IN WHEN GOING NEAR WATER. SORT OF WISH I BOUGHT THE DEEPER ONE, BUT THIS IS COOL FOR LIGHT APPLICATIONS. TESTED IT MYSELF, DEF. IS WATER PROOF AND EVEN FLOATS. SWEET DEAL.
pointer) and additional weight (6.2 oz) but with twice the capacity.

I don't know how long it will hold a full charge without using it. I've gone several days without using it and didn't see a noticeable degradation in charge. After the Sandy storm disaster, this might be a good thing to have and keep charged up. In an emergency, if used sparingly, the IMP52D will extend your cell phone capabilities by many hours.

3034	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well. I got the Wrong one i have an amplifier.
Final note comes to the multiple bluetooth pairing function. The main feature I was looing for was having a headset that would work with 2 phones. Since I carry a personal phone and a work phone, I want to answer and use both without changing phones or settings. The Jabra's were good, but voice recognition, redialing, and funcions only worked with the last phone paired up. That means, if you wanted to use the 1st phone you connected, you had to find the phone and manually use it. Not bad if it is seldom used. As for me, I use each phone equally. This headset allows you to double tap the volume rocker to switch between each phone. Great feature that allows full function use of each phone. The only drawback is that only one phone is 'active' at a time on the headset. Meaning, if you are talking on phone 'A' and then hang up...minutes later phone 'B' rings, you do not hear it in your headset and must listen for the phones ringer/vibrate. Then, once you hear the other phone ring, you double tap the volume rocker to switch over to the phone 'B'. A drawback to be able to use full function of 2 phones. In the Jabra's, the headset would ring for each phone without doing anything (great), but voice dialing was only for the last phone paired.



Touch screens are gimmicks. They require a greater range of motion, usually two hands and make your screen dirty. A cursor only requires I move my thumb a few millimeters whilst iPhoners are using two hands and strokes. Cute, but not practical.

As others have mentioned, it won't fast forward through songs, it only skips to the next song.
3065	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Convenient, take my NEAT scanner with me everywhere and it's protected in this case!
Cons:


The other interface problem is that the scroll wheel button does not have a consistent pattern.  In some programs clicking it is the same as hitting the return key.  In other programs it brings up a menu.  After awhile you get the hang of which programs do what.  Nonetheless, this creates an unneeded learning curve to a basic function.  They really need to have a return key function button right next to the scroll wheel.  This would allow for consistency and make it easier to hit return without having to first scroll on the right and then switch to a key on the front.
6824	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good.
Above average picture quality
When I am voice dialing a phone book entry with multiple numbers,
2127	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have a Nokia 6230 and purchased this headset from Compusa recently. Used to have a Nokia HDW-3 but the battery died and unable to find a cheap replacement battery.
CONS:
3692	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love it! I've only had it for about a week and a half but it is perfect. The one credit card slot was also really nice when I flew since I could just throw my I.D. in there and didn't have to take it out 5 billion times. Definitely recommend it!

- I am constantly testing this on multiple devices and so far a very efficient and consistent charge.
In this Internet age, you would think any technology company would put all their support materials and drivers on the Internet for people to download.  Not with Motorola.  I guess they afraid LG would look their support material and making better phone than Motorola, so they would rather hide the driver in their grandma's mattress -- even their own support engineer could not find that driver....
We send each other pictures of the baby using T-Mobile's T-Zone service.  Very cool!  Last night at the Cards/Brewers baseball game in downtown St. Louis, I took a 15 second video of a Scott Rolen home run.  I then "sent" the video to my wife's phone and she was watching it miles away a minute later.  How fun is that!
Pairing the device was relatively easy, once you followed the written instructions. However, we've both had problems with the headset staying paired with our phones on a couple of occassions, and have to run the pair-up process again.
1660	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well, I figured that I might as well write a short review here for the 510 headset. I've had it for 5 months or so, and it's been great! I've had no problems with it, and I am happy that I listened to the advice from the people here on Amazon.
There's no flex in the thing.  I can practically sit on it.  I think I can bounce it off a marble floor too.  I also like how the keypad is covered so I don't mind replying to messages while my hands are dirty.  I highly recommend this to anyone that works in rugged environments.  If you're in the military, law enforcement, a contractor, even just in a sports recreation environment like camping, mountain biking, climbing, etc, I highly recommend this Otterbox case.
4547	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Still using it since 2009! It's done a great job keeping my phone charged. Now that I have a 9600 mAh battery though, it does not charge fast enough, but that's too be expected.
I like it. Sound is good and my friends don't hate when I use it and it stays in my ear without that goofy hook thing on my other bluetooth headsets that get tangled up in my hair or doesn't sit well under or over my sunglasses.
All in all, pretty happy. Sorry I can't provide more precise performance details. Other reviewers seem to be pleased with that aspect. As I mentioned, I'll update this review if the results I get next month are different (better or worse) than I anticipate them to be. In the end, I think this is a solid piece of equipment from a reputable manufacturer of quality electronics.
Do not buy this thing, your callers will hate it or at least mine have for around 3 years now.
922	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am a life and executive coach getting paid $100 to talk on the phone by clients. These work, perfectly!

-Open/Close microphone to turn headset on/off
9374	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I actually returned this item as I thought my old one was ruined after a bad thunderstorm, but tried the power cord from this and my old one worked still. I bought new DC power supply. I can say this is an amazing signal enhancer as I have no signal at my home in the country at all, but with this enhancer I have between 3 bars and full signal depending on weather,  and times of day when the airforce is flying planes around our home (we live 8 miles from afb). when they are flying at certain times of day our signal suffers a lot, but at least with this device we have signal, phone and text works great, but Internet suffers a lot when the planes are flying neat by
The built-in equalizer settings are nice, the controls are easy, and they stay around your neck when laying on your back.
1395	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very nice bluetooth headset piece, works great


Now, for the negatives.  A minor drawback with the design is that the MicroSD card slot is located behind the battery cover.  Although, you don't need to remove the battery itself, but you do need to remove the cover. My other beef is with the battery life.  The 6126 has a rated talk time of 3.4 hours and a promised standby time of 10 days.  When I maxed out the talk time, I got about 3.5 to 3.75 hours talk-time (impressive).  Because I am always on the phone, it is hard to guage the standby time.  However, when I paired and activated the Bluetooth, and connected with a Nokia BH-900 earpiece (By the way, the BH-900 earpiece is sub-standard compared to the Motorola HS850, but that is another review altogether) that is when I got a feeling about the battery life in standby.  For half a day of minimal use (20 min max), and standby the rest of the day my battery is now at 20-25% capacity.  When I turned off Bluetooth, I was able to go a full day with some use and still have over 50% battery capacity.  So it seems that when the Bluetooth feature is activated it is eating up more battery juice (which makes sense).  I have yet to find a control that tells the phone to automatically turn off Bluetooth when there is no active device around.
2. The addition of a charging light (shows charging and battery low status)

5359	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this case very durable and lasting this is my husbands 2nd case in three years he is a cabinet maker and lots of dirt and saw dust, when he takes the case of to clean it every 6months his phone still looks brand new. he would not change it for anything he loves it.
8591	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like this product, it works great.  I like having my phone with me all the time.
OEM sent a counterfeit fake battery --- not OEM. How can you tell? Because Motorola OEM batteries are made in Japan. These say clearly that they are made in china. I had the same problem and returned the same battery from Wireless Phone Accessories and Batteries4Less.

Now, I don't have to have to look for plugs at airports or worry about my phone battery going dead during the day.

1784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I hate this phone...I was drawn to it by it's appearance and size but what a horrible dissapointment.  I had to get motorola mobile tools and 'hack' the volume so I could hear it - the loudest default setting is just too low. The display is impossible to see outside in bright light, I detest it that it has such a poor means of displaying missed calls, if the same caller has attempted to reach you multiple times, it displays the last call time only. I just returned this phone for a replacement because of dust under the display screen, I was told that it is a 'known' issue, but that my replacement phones warranty will expire this month at the same time as the original that I purchased.
2893	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	When it worked, I would get 5 bars for about 10 seconds. Power if off and back on it would do the same.... Tested on 2 different phones (iphone and blackberry.)
Having the laser pointer and flash light built in is really nice. It makes the IMP52D the perfect extra device to carry around in briefcase since it can also be used in a meeting for a pointer (plus it looks nice so it won't be out of place at a business meeting or lunch). It took me a litte bit to figure out how to use the single button to true on/off the laser, flashlight and charger. But once I got it figured out, it was easy to use. (I like to see if I can figure out devices without having to read manual. To me, if it is designed right, I shouldn't need the manual- and I didn't for the IMP52D)
out (see above).


-
6254	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I've been looking for - and it works fantastically!  Very simple to use after initial 7 hour charge.  It relieves anxiety about my iphone 4 running out of battery power when I can't get to an AC outlet.  I take it on trips and never have to worry about my iphone running out of battery power.  The battery pack also holds a charge:  for example, if I fully charge it before I leave on a trip, it will still retain power after numerous days of non-use, and then I can simply re-charge it.  It's a great price for a very priceless product!
It's very small and light.
7601	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to use with a RC Heli I got from Asia.  This adapter allows you to use pretty much any countries specific plug type.  The other thing thats really neat about it is there is a slider switch on the side and it retracts the prongs when not in use.
-As near as I can tell people are hearing my calls clearly

8735	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does a great job! Very efficient!
The unit is solidly made and easy to setup. The mute function work well, the volume is good (no DSP) and sound quality matches my old Nokia. Unlike a lot of loop headsets, this doesn't seem like it'll break/fall off as I tend to put it in my pocket when unused.
Overall, a unique departure from the mundane world of cellular gadgetry.

for phones that is capable of multiple phone charges per single charge of the charger. The added light and laser pointer are features that I'll certainly use.

8942	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to charge my iPhone 4s and the kids ipods while on the road.  It is working well and boasts an additional 24 hours of talk time, though I can't say we've expended that yet.  It is confusing when you open the package - there is a little 4" USB cord male/female.  It basically looks like a very small USB extension cable.  Please note (and you wouldn't know this unless you read the 'instructions' back to back - according to the directions, you MUST use this to extension to plug most (all?) of your USB cables into to prevent damage to your unit - honestly, I don't know why this would be, but I won't risk trying since they sent the needed cable).  Sleek unit, much nicer size than the older versions.  We have a total of 3 New Trent batteries (one for each of us) and this one seems to be quite a bit nicer than the 2010 versions.


SE: 9/10 Shine: 9/10
2047	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The H700, some love it, some hate it. Wherever you fall, a lot of people are talking about it.
It might be nice if this came in a few more colors.
One additional item that requires mentioning: I currently have call-waiting as a service with my Treo and yet I have missed at least 3 calls (that I know of).  This particular feature does not seem to be supported by the 650...and IF it is, I have yet to discover any useful info regarding the problem, whether online or in the bible-sized instruction manual.  I will keep looking and IF I find a solution I will quickly report it here asap.  Just one more thing to think about.  Otherwise, I am amazingly satisfied with my Treo otherwise.  The ONLY thing I wish (other than user-friendly call-waiting) is faster downloads while online.  That is supposedly possible with the newer models using EVDO and yet the 700p I tested failed to work only slightly faster than my 650.  Maybe it was the network -- but not according to them (no surprise there).  I still think my purchase was WELL worth it.
2372	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far sound quality, size & fit work very well. We have tried many headsets and this one works very well. One of the best part is sound quality (mind you no bluetooth headset cancels noise in outdoor conditions)
All the more reason to love the Jabra, and I've just ordered a second unit for my wife...

The Wilson system gives you a better coverage radius than the Wi-Ex unit. However, the Wilson unit continuously loses it's signal and the base unit's LED will switch from green to amber to red quite often! Again, neither of these units really improves your indoor signal if your outdoor signal is not at 100%. DO NOT EXPECT YOUR INDOOR RECEPTION TO BE BOOSTED THROUGHOUT YOUR ENTIRE 2500 SQ FT HOME!! This will NOT happen. These two units are misrepresented to make a sale. This is not to say that the Wilson is a better buy, it is not! The coverage radius is only increased by about 1 foot using the Wilson unit. As soon as you are out of this range, your signal will drop and switch over to Roaming as well.
The only thing that may bother some people is that the handle is fixed and will always be sticking up about an inch... it does not fold down. That doesn't bother me in the least.
  to yourself, and charge yourself for airtime!!
The iTorch uses the same cable to charge it as i use to charge my phone so it is perfect for me.  The flashlight is really nice as it is pretty bright and being a LED it should last for hours the red led is useful if you have a cat or dog that will chase the light, the smalls pouch is a good size.
7139	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I downloaded some music to my phone.......but since then, purchased a bluetooth device for doing the same thing.
So the end result is that unless you are a basic user that only wants to check an email account, doesn't get a lot of email, doesn't use SMS much, doesn't really use the PDA much, then this phone is not a solution for you. It will be nice to experience for the first 2 weeks and then you will begin to see the problems tear you apart soon after becoming familiar with the phone. It is sad that virtually all of these problems can be traced to Palm executives greed on trying to milk out just one more sale from an old phone that had a form factor that was the best for a long time. At this day and age consumers have a choice and need for more than just a phone that feels good in your hand. Don't be stupid. If Microsoft recommends that any application they provide needs 64 MB of RAM there is nobody stupid enough to even try to run it with less. That is the Palm Treo 700w.
One negative, it uses micro USB instead of the more standard mini-USB for charging... not a biggie, you can go online and purchase and adaptor for around $8 if you need one, but I wish it was mini USB as I already have a car charger for mini USB.
2250	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this because I have a dashcam that had a wire that affixed to it's right side, so when it was plugged in, it would have a wire running a loop upwards...this cleans that up and also removes my worry about flexing the factory wire end  until it doesn't connect anymore (bad experience)...this does the job and makes the wire to where you don't even see it (mounted right below the rearview mirror)...I don't like seeing ANY wires exposed so I can say this did exactky what I wanted it to do...it routed the connector upwards.
7360	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I am sending back, the AT & T service advised these were too old that the Towers will no longer except the signal.  All I would get on the telephone, "Network Busy"  Please credit my account

6470	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I live in upper Westchester county, NY and am surrounded by cell phone dead zones.  With this device + the Verizon network, I can stay on calls throughout the entire length of the dead zone without losing my connection.  Really happy with this purchase.
I've had Sony Ericsson, Logitech Mobile Freedom, Cario Scala 500, Plantronics Discovery 640, and finally this Voyager 510.  Let me just say that my prior favorite was the Logitech but it was a little bulky and it disconnected from my phone after most calls (annoying).
4801	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	An excellent phone but not a smart phone.  I owned a total of 5 of them over the years and now have a "smart phone".
diversity with different codec's try Core video player.
Pros:
2476	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love these I just whish Mine ahad not gotten stolen two days after I purchased it
Have you seen this thing?  The keyboard is small.  And you know what?  I'm glad it is.  The Moto Q, Blackjack and Curve, etc might fit in the front pocket of your tight jeans, but it's not comfortable.  The Centro passes my "jeans test" by sliding into my front pocket while letting me sit and stand with no problem.  As a result, you get a smaller screen and a smaller keyboard.  The Blackberry Pearl is the about the same size as the Centro, but it doubles up two letters per key button.  Personally, I hate that.  The Centro scores huge points for giving me dedicated keys for each letter on a small phone that fits in my pocket.  It took me a day to adjust to typing with my fingernails, and I have large hands.  But I can easily type with two thumbs or one--something that I can't do on my Palm Tungsten C or the Moto Q.  Therefore, Centro is an outstanding one- or two-handed phone.  The 5-way directional key also works better than i thought it would.  After moderate use I find myself actually liking it a lot.  The remaining buttons work just fine and can be assigned to whatever you want, including the side button below the volume keys.  The dedicated ringer-off slider on the top is a very welcome bonus.
8.  The flip to close and turn off is a nice feature.  Small in the pocket with no accidental links if items shift around and press on the headset.  Quick linking after boom is extended.

Update 08-30-09:  I just got a message on my GPS from Garmin that my maps are out of date and that my maps are 2008 maps!!!  This I can't believe as one of the start-up screens says NAVTEQ 2006.  Additionally, many local (Houston area) POI's are not in the database, although they were built at least 4-5 years ago.  I'm still satisfied, although I believe the map updates are a scam on the consumer.  IMO, you should be able to get free updates for the entire initial warranty period.
9728	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	just what i needed!
When it arrived, this unit seemed more durable than others - and it may have lasted slightly longer - but in the end it wasn't up to daily use in my pocket.
430	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This data cable is not for the palm pre. I've had other non-oem data cable for over a year that works with excellence. Using this data cable not only do not work, but caused the ones I were using with excellence before not to work nor charge my phone now after using this cable as a data cable on my computer.  Now the only DATA CABLE that charges & receive data is the original data cable. All is not lost with my old cables, my wife phone was spared from this destructive cable.  The only thing professional about this cable is that it's destructive.  I done this to my phone as I read other bad reviews about this cable, I wanted to find out for myself & I found out alright the hard way.  Learn from me & others stay away from this product. I would give it a zero if it was possible.  WBJ

Here's what you get: 1) the unit pictured into which a phone fits.  It's adjustable so it can be made wider if necessary by removing the side brackets and reinserting them in a different slot.  They also slide up or down.  My iPhone 5 with bulky case fits in it fine, as does the much smaller jetpack.  A 6 would fit in it too.
2904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product.  Wanted to give it 4.5 because we were told it had to be extended 3 ft above a metal roof, but decided that wasn't the mfg fault.


** IN THE BOX ** Along with the showerhead there is a small roll of teflon thread tape, rubber pipe gasket, in-pipe flow restrictor, and instructions.
  1.  Small, light, portable and beautiful industrial design

Highly recommend if you have a A2DP cellphone.(Low end models and ipods/iphones don't support this feature). So if you don't own a A2DP device this is not your item.
I just loop my (2) cords onto the support arm after removing the holder - which is almost like a bonus to me, as I had nowhere to store the power cord and/or input cord (I have a cassette player in the car, so I still use the cassette adapter to listen to my iPod thru the car's stereo).

9625	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As advertised




One "negative" that I've noticed is the short range.  If my phone (Sony Ericsson T637) is more than an arm's length away, I hear a crackling noise.
We'll see if this in fact was the issue and I'll post my follow-up.
9543	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We live out in the country, in a metal sided mobile home.  The verizon phone seems to stay at 2 bars, US Cellular stays at 3 bars(even though it has the closest tower to us) AT&T and T Mobile fluctuate between "no service" up to brief moments of 2 bars.  It took my husband less then 30 minutes to install and hook this thing up.  My AT&T phone immediately went all the way to 5 bars.  Back in the bedroom and bathroom it drops to only 2 bars, still better then the 0 bars it did have.

- It's not nearly as good of a fit (snug) as I'd prefer.


8414	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works as good or better that any other one that I ever had.  Very easy to a fix to the cars and the positions that any one wants it.
2059	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	All in all, I like this headset.  It is so light that it is easy to forget that it is on my ear.  The ability to charge off the USB port of my computer is also nice; I charge it at work and it is a great arrangement.  The battery life is exceptional; after about a week of draining it completely and recharging it, I haven't had it run out of juice ever.  The first week, it only ran for a few hours before dying:  It should be noted that you should always completely drain and completely recharge a rechargeable-powered device for about the first week to avoid "charge memory" problems.  All in all, a good headset.
The unit also features Adaptive Frequency Hopping to find a free channel to avoid interference from other WIFI/WLAN sources.  I have tried about 10 Bluetooth devices over the years and this one was simply the one that performed the best.
8915	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've used a few portable batteries, but for the most part the form factor didn't make sense for me. If I was going on a business trip I'd have a few hours between outlets and would generally be able to keep my phone charged and I didn't want to carry around extra weight in the form of a battery. Most days I work in a lab, but have a convenient desk outlet at the ready if I end up spending too long on my phone and need a quick recharge. In short I didn't need a battery and the batteries available didn't make sense (too big for a one time charge and not enough power for an entire camping trip etc). But I've found a real place to use a mobile battery and the New Trent iTorch is a nearly perfect form factor for it.


2) The belt clip is over 1/8 of an inch separated from the back of the case, so it doesn't grab the belt real tight (even less my jeans pocket).
  Obviously, skinny is cool and the silver is nicer looking than the black (unusual). None of my myriad of prior chargers work with the RAZR despite being manufactured by the same company! I strongly recommend that you purchase a genuine MOTOROLLA charger...esp for your car, since many of the knockoffs don't allow you to charge and call at the same time!
7163	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good, rapid charge great price would recommend it to a Freind. Bought 3 more. the tips them self are pricey but depending on your phone model
904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have owned these headphones for over a year now.  I can say that they are pretty solid performers.  I use them fairly regularly, probably about 15-20 hours a week, and have both used them connected to my laptop and to my Nexus 5.
It does take some time for the case to loosen enough for the iPhone to slide in and out readily.
Using an averaging RF meter held near my head, with the phone in the Weboost cradle, the cell RF signal on my meter drops over 95%... as its diverted to the roof top antenna, where the RF signal does not penetrate back in the car.  So if u are concerned about excessive RF exposure, or just the cautious type, I would recommend this product specially if you use your phone a lot in the car.... then, of course, the signal improvement is very significant.... clearly a win / win product.  I am surprised the company does not even mention this added safety benefit.


I've now used this for 2 years and can give it a much better review. The unit has held up well (though the tip broke and had to be glued back). It still holds several hours charge, where my old Sony headset now lasts one 10 minute conversation and dies. The shape, weight, and ergonomic fit are so unobtrusive that I've had some companions remind me I'm still wearing it after hanging up on a call. Although I didn't like the shiny "bling" microphone tip, I've now softened on this design. The BT500 is still more attractive and less attention getting than others. Because I have a headset at work, and my new car has a HandsFreeLink feature, I use this unit at home, and after two years, it still works great. I recommend this headset without reservation. (Disclosure: I use this with a Nokia 6682, and have not tested it with other phone models.)
Can't wait for the new 4.5 and then 4.6 OS to come out...
  -A decent selection of ringtones
All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.
- No multipoint connection
7493	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	like everything Garmin....amazing product
8383	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great item! Many of my associates don't even notice that my phone is in a "cover". This is easy to use and has protected my phone from many accidental drops!
Back it goes. So glad I spent the extra $4 so I would have it in time for a weekend trip.

The battery and case backs feel of high quality and I really like not only how the two back plates look but feel. The extended battery and both plates do not add that much weight to the phone and the cases do not make the phone very fat. I have been using a LifeProof case up until this point so Im used to a larger phone. This case gives me plenty to hold on to with my man hands and still can be stowed in a pocket with ease.
7659	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	and the recipient is very happy with it. Her 8 yr. old son wishes it weren't PINK; he's asked Grandma to get him a black one or a blue one.  Ordering from Amazon and having it shipped to a different state was the highest pleasure.
553	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It's one of those things you know in your heart isn't going to work.  However, before I invested in a $100 + to boost the cell signal in my office I was willing to invest the buck and a half just to prove to myself that these things don't work.  Well turns out EVERYTHING you read is true.  They don't do a darn thing.  I have to admit the buck was almost worth it to read the horribly translated English direcions though.  "Make sure you don't leave gingerprints."

- solid, strong build - like I said, I've been wearing this one almost daily for more than 2 years and it doesn't show signs of breaking or cracking yet
8643	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After having issues with the purchase of a case for my LG Voyager Phone, I was also in need of an screen cover for the phone.  I was told by the salesman at the Verizon Wireless store that is was not a good idea to put on a screen cover, as it would affect performance.  However, since installing the screen protector on my phone, this has not been the case.  The protector went on easily, and the phone works just as well as before putting on the screen cover.  Plus, the peace of mind I get from knowing the screen is protected is invaluable, especially for the $.01 price.  I would highly recommend this product.
4373	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this product is awesome, great functionality, great look, and even greater deal price wise. I highly recommend it.. I'm a Happy camper
The phone has several nifty features, including a 2 megapixel camera that takes good-to-very-good quality pictures. It can also function as a video camera, doing both sound and image. There's no flash or self-portrait mirror, but you can make do. The screen acts as a view finder, of course. There's also four different levels of zoom and several different video effects (like black and white, negative, false color, etc). There's a nifty little mini-USB port you can use to move your files to a computer (assuming you have a cable. Thankfully the phone comes with one).
2227	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works and does just what the original did. What more needs to be said?
9171	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This thing is awsome!!  I use it for my iphone 4 and I don't know how I lived without it! I keep it with me when I'm on the go with no charger around. On my first full charge, I was able to successfully charge me iphone 4 from 20% to full about 3 times.  From my experience it takes about 1 hour for every 20% to charge.
3914	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very pleased with this product
9352	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my wife so she would not be reaching for her cell phone while driving.  I had it professionally installed and bought a "Pro Mount" rather than the mounting bracket that came with the unit.  Linking the phone to the device was easy and, even though the auto is a sporty T-Bird (2002), there is no background noise and the voice is loud and clear.  The mic is mounted on the left windshield post with all wiring hidden.  I recommend having an audio shop install it ($100 + 30 for the mount).  It's a good application of the Amazon discount.  The radio interface is great!
4964	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to hook up head sets to the original Iphone and works great.  Seems sturdier than most adapters.  Perfect length too.
Leather quality is good, also magnetic lock is nice.
6282	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised. I averaged 2.7 full charges with the unit (iPhone down to 15% to start in each case). I think you can recharge the New Trent IMP500 with either the ac adapter that comes with it or the apple iPhone adapter (both are 5V 1A). You will need your iPhone usb cable to charge your iPhone once the IMP500 is charged up. I would recommend this product because it works as advertised, appears to be well made, and the price is reasonable.


8718	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	muy bueno todo ,envio rapido  buen precio buena cualidad recibido mas o menos en el tiempo previsto
Noise canceling and sound quality (from my callers' perspective) is very good, but unfortunately, both of these units were a waste of my money because they are really only barely usable in a car setting.  Both my wife and I have switched to headsets for use in the car - much less convenient, but much better audio quality.

3314	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Using this with an HD TV. Won't fully go 16:9 but still helps resolution
Battery is heavier than expect. However, I did give my phone a charge to test it out and it did the job. Returned it though because there's no way of indicating how much charge I have in the battery.
2) You can hear the other person fairly clearly

1062	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I used this device while house shopping.



2176	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	got this to be able to perform upgrades and side load content on to my motorola razor. Works as promised.

-- Awkward implementation of shift and function keys; one major flaw is that the only way to type a capital letter is to use the shift key; you can't simply hold down a letter key until it produces a capital, as you can on the BB.
Unpacking:



Contrary to what I have seen some say, putting two on a phone made no difference.
5419	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This a Blackberry-branded product and is very good quality.  I compared it to a generic one a friend of mine has and the difference was significant.
4400	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	After doing research for 4 international trips FRANCE, UK, GERMANY , UAE, LEBANON, MEXICO .... Mobal SIM is by far the most expensive more expensive than just using my USA SERVICE , don't waste your money .... there are other options .....
Micro SD
6925	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased some off brand on ebay and the seiko watch would not completely function. Put one of these in it and the watch is now totally functional.  Clearly an example of you get what you pay for but here, not so much anyway!
UPDATE: July 30th 2008. I upgraded to the newest V4 software yesterday and VIOLA! the noise reduction improved 100%. The "windows down on the expressway" trick now impresses my friends; one told me with the voice reduction at max he thought I had rolled up the window. Maybe I'll change my rating to 5 stars, but for now I'll leave it where it is. It IS nice that they continue to upgrade the software; show me another headset that does that!
I second other reviewers regarding poor range. The phone has to be in line of sight, within a few feet. If the phone is in my

BEST RECEPTION: Mounting your receiver on a pole mount above your home. The higher you can get it into the air, the better your signal will be. Mounting it on some kind of poll or antenna above your home would help get you the most bang for your buck (but there will be little shelter from the elements.) I suppose you could also mount this onto the outside of a brick chimney (depending on if your chimney gets warm or not or if you even use it).
- I am constantly testing this on multiple devices and so far a very efficient and consistent charge.
1) Great Audio - I have a Blackberry Curve and sometimes the audio is a bit soft even on max volume. Using this headset, I usually use just 1/3 of the max volume! Now that's some audio amplification!
I paid $30 for one from batteries4less hoping to get the real deal -- I got the exact same batter I got from the OEM shop -- the exact same counterfeit. So it has nothing to do with the price paid. Just dishonest online sellers.
It recharges my devices at least 3 times before it needs to be recharged. It works with the USB/Micro plug that comes with my devices.


5502	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The stitching that holds the plastic cover on tore off after the 3rd day of use.  I managed to stitch it back up with a needle and thread and it lasted a month, then started to tear again. I think had someone who knows how to sew actually done the stitch repair instead of me, it might have held better.
The cons---the charging cable to charge it. It feels flimsy but is still holding up after at least 30 uses and shows no sign of wear.
4363	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First of all, I bought these because I had purchased their earpiece before.  The earpiece was very, very good and light weight.  There was the problem.  They were so light weight that I would forget that I had it on and would knock it off, several times, rendering it unuseable.  So when I needed to replace it I decided to look into buying another Cardo Scala.  My cell phone is Bluetooth compatable and I bought a 2GB chip so I can download music and needed a stereo headphone set so I can listen to the music.  Since the Cardo Scala earpiece was very good (operating the buttons and voice and hearing quality), I decided on getting the stereo headset.  These are great!!!  The control buttons take a little getting used to, but the real nice feature is when you answer a call you hear the person in both ears (not stereo), which makes it easier to listen to the caller.  The one problem I have is the rubber rests sits on the skin between the ear and skull and after about six hours makes that area a little sore.


It's a big battery though.
144	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	umm ok
6037	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP52D, iTorch external battery is a nice option from NewTrent for backup battery for your smartphone. I personally have an iPhone 4S and my wife as an iPhone 4. It will also charge tablets as well (only at 1A so its can seem to take a little while to do so). Since the capacity is 5200mAh, it won't fully charge an iPad 4th generation but it does come in handy when you need a least 2 or more charges on your phone. The device is compact and is smaller than most smartphones (it is thicker but width and length are smaller) and is easy to carry around with you. The capacity would be enough to get your through some heavy phone usage on a long flight or a few days of camping if the phone was used sparingly.
Installation is straight-forward and really quite simple: exterior antenna on roof (magnetic mount), antenna cable routed into car to booster cradle, DC adapter in power port, power cable to booster cradle. Finished. I do NOT like the provided 3M adhesive dash mount. Fortunately, the ball mount is compatible with other solutions such as the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bracketron-SWM-400-BL-Low-Pro-Windshield-Mount-Black/dp/B00178RDZ4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bracketron SWM-400-BL Low Pro Windshield Mount (Black)</a>&nbsp;(at least it is with an earlier model of this mount).
820	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works good, good sound. on/off button in the back to connect is somewhat awkward
The finish is matte not glossy as the picture shows and has a cheap look to it.
Twice the 655 fell off my ear, once into  pile of leaves. It took some time to find all three pieces (the earbud, loop and headset device).
the key layout is like good-old dial phone, which is circular, luckily I get accustomed quickly, and feel not too much different from others, just one thing to complain that the directional button is not assigned as shortcut key, like moto does, there're only 2 shortcut keys, it's not enough
7857	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to fit in the lifeproof case without having to screw in that stupid adapter everytime.  It worked well in that application and fit the deep pocket of the lifeproof case well.

Also while browsing other hubs, I realized how convenient it is for this hub to be small in size, and have the USB ports located on the sides, rather than all in the front. This makes it easier to plug in devices, as well as brings the versatility of having devices in various places and relieving possible stress on USB cords.

4756	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this bluetooth after using another model of Plantronics bluetooth to death. I liked it a lot but it was a little bulky so I went for a slimmer model this time; the Explorer 330. FORGET IT! It won't stay in my ear. It makes my ear so sore that I can hardly force myself to wear it (I have to have it for my job) and if I get four feet away from my cell, I get static. I'm VERY disappointed with this model and will be returning it.
4. Good battery life. I don't have to charge it often.
The one button feature is ok once you figure out what the various presses on it do. I've never had to adjust the volume buttons, but they are basically up and down.
SE: 9/10 Shine: 9/10
1072	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Sidekick II is meant to be your one-stop-shop wireless gadget for e-mailing, web-browsing and IM chatting anywhere you go.  You can also download limited content.  You can also sync with your Outlook calendar and addressbook, but only if you pay extra for a third-party utiltiy program.  Compared to the original Sidekick, SK II is thinner but quite a bit longer.  I also think it's uglier, esp. the new thumb keyboard, but the keyboard is still very useable.  Battery life is terrible after the first couple weeks, requiring you to carry the charger with you all the time.
My friend don't use credit card!  I am not going to give any Joe company my credit card info just to activate a $20 calling card.
1208	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works exactly as it should - charges the TX but it does not have a sync button.

2)  Tons of apps (and lots more free apps out there, if you look).
8068	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Excellent speaker phone. Pairing with a Razr was a snap, and I've had no issues with the level of volume that some others have complained about. And best of all, you don't have to walk around looking like a dork with one of those goofy earpieces hanging off the side of your head.

If you've had problems with fit on other headsets, try this one.  It's magic.
1412	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	doesn't work well with older cellphones

8820	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	awesome backup charger! recharges iphone multiple times on a full charge
Cons:
These Motorola headphones are NOT lightweight, but they also won't have you feeling overly weighed down, either. They're simply solid-feeling in weight and construction. I read many other reviews of these online, one from an owner who has owned these headphones over the course of at least a year and a half, and who paid over $120.00 for his pair. Considering the price that I got these for (comparable to the prices that I found for these here on Amazon), I feel like I got mine at a steal, at less than $40.00!

6138	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend. She loves it as it's very compact and fits in her handbag quite unobtrusively, while keeping her iPhone charged at all times.
* Inexpensive - A very good value for the price!

I won't go into all of the other Windows Mobile features or apps - as I assume they'd work the same on any smartphone, I'm just highlighting the unique things for this specific phone.
592	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed a few small cases to store various items - radios, batteries, and such. I found both these and the Pelican Micro cases. While Pelican is the gold standard for the larger cases, only the OtterBox cases have the quality I expected in this size. The plastic seems to be more resistant to scratching and cracking, the bottom and top of the case actually 'seal' together, and the top and bottom are both padded to protect the contents from shock, whereas the pelican case only has rubber padding on the bottom half. The hinge opens to slightly over 180 degrees, but it is loose, so where you can open the Pelican lid half way and it will stay, the lid on this case will fall to either full open or full closed. The latches are a little tighter than the pelican case, especially to open, which is a good thing. The protrusions on the top and bottom do not stack. The lanyard, while it hasn't broken yet, seems like the first part that will fail. All in all, this seems to be a rugged storage and organizational tool.

- flip design is easy and convenient to use
4781	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love the phone but Amazon pricing sucks.  They dropped the price a week after I paid for the phone.
The ideas was nice, and that is why I bought it. The Marketing sells you something the Product Design does NOT deliver!


  -A decent selection of ringtones
Too bad the plastic near the joint broke.  I'd not recommend these to anyone!
The size of the unit, awesome. I really like how it feels, very well constructed. I also like how easy it works with all of my devices. Flexibility is a real selling point, I love being able to use it on so many devices.
906	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Should have bought these first. Great sound and pairing is seamless.
7424	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrived promptly, great quality, very, very reasonable price.


the laser pointer would come in handy. The iTorch packaging is pretty
1: turn on the a120s (make sure it's plugged into your audio source)
The CPU is very fast at 350MHz, Bluetooth 2.0+EDR, Mini USB 2.0, 2.5 mm A/V connector. The BP-6MT 1050mAh battery gives me great talk time and standy time even with liberal use of bluetooth and WLAN.
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.
so after about a year and a half the Jabra just died. stopped making a bluetooth connection. I replaced it with the newer version, the jabra street, but it didn't work very well with my new smartphone. Now I'm using the LG tone, which doesn't allow you to use your own headphones, but the headphones on the LG are actually quite decent.


6403	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use with my Iphone 4s using the attachable keyboard cause it made the phone thicker.  When I discovered I did not want to use the keyboard, I still found this case very useful.  I have a silicon cover on my phone to protect it and that makes it not fit well in the cases designed for the Iphone 4.  If you use a protective case on your Iphone, this pouch is the way to go! Some cases just have the belt clip, this one has the hoops too!  I use them if I am doing something very active and do not want the pouch to bounce off my belt.  I recently upgraded to the Iphone 5 and put a silicon case on it too...it fits perfectly in this pouch.  I like it so much and mine is getting beat up enough...I think I will order another one right now!
Once the headset was reset, not only was the sound quality better, I could finally use the long duration tap of the answer button feature to initiate voice calling on the cell phone through the headset.

9555	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works okay but had to buy larger outside and better inside antennas to improve coverage around the house. would work well as a desktop unit for a small office
3473	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this armband because its soft to touch. I have the LG enV vx9000 so finding an armband to fit was hard and while it pops out a little at the top its a nice snug fit and it doesnt fall out while im running. keep in mind it doesnt have anything at the top to close it but if you have a thick phone like mine or an mp3 player it should be ok.
2102	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My only objection to this power adapter is that it's rather big and clunky.  I'm sure it could have been made more compact.  But it works just fine.
2801	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery arrived safely packaged and with almost half charged. When installed it charged quickly, and seemed to hold the charge well. Doesn't overheat any more then usual, and everything seems to be in order.
6543	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	poor quality DIDNT WORK DONT BUY
Furthermore, the boost in productivity it has allready afforded me... I never forget a birthday or appointment now.  The way the software syncs with Microsoft Office is outstanding.

I do like that fact that you turn the device on by opening it up, there are no questions whether it is on or not, that is an improvement over the H500.  It has a lovely Hi tech sound when it starts up, and if you quickly get it into your ear, you can hear it.
6174	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is just amazing! I recently purchased an iPhone 5 and loved having it while backpacking to take photos and video. But after taking hundreds of photos, checking the weather, sending a few texts and cold temps at night, the battery won't last more than two days.


176	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed a second charger to take with me on vacation. I got this in 2 days, it charges both my phone and my kindle fire. It does it's job, so that makes me happy.
7569	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great phone case for the Galaxy 4 with the thick Otterbox protective case! My hubby works construction and needed a phone case that was vertical and had the belt loop and was canvas, this phone fits the bill on all accounts! Some reviews said case was cheap, but for the money I paid, I did not think that way and I bought 5 of them to have extras on hand. Hubby is so happy with case as it fits his Galaxy 4 with the thick Otterbox cover comfortably! He says thay he doesn't even know he's carrying it as it is so comfortable in the vertical position instead of horizontal. Some reviews talked about removing the metal belt hook, but hubby said it didn't bother him. Also love the wide opening and heavy velcro flap to secure phone safely! Even with the thicker otterbox cover the phone slkdes in and out of the case with ease! Can't say enough, just love this case for the Galaxy4 with Otterbox cover!


I've been using it for like 3 weeks now and I still love it. Most friends can't really tell if I am on speaker or on the actual phone. No one complained about quality.
The only drawback I find is the earbud doesn't stay on the earpiece.
6236	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received my New Trent iTorch in the mail last week and I love it!  I have run through a charge several times now and on a typical day of work I charge my phone off of this device 2 times.  This thing is great because I am no longer attached to a power outlet, no matter what portable device I carry with me.  The form factor is different but in a good way.  It feels like a nice solid device in the hand.  The only thing I don't understand is why a laser pointer would be included in the IMP52D, I usually end up pointing it around wasting battery life while in the dark.  I would recommend this device for others!
The unit comes with a couple of power tips which I did not like much. Between the end of the cable, the power tip, and the connection to the battery, there is a fairly long, rigid chain of stuff ... It's very weak and very easy to snap one of the components (like the end off the power tip) if even slight pressure is applied. Anyway only
-When you upgrade, all your data is transferrable even if you completely change carriers.
2612	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The sound quality is fine... as long as you keep your phone no further from the earpiece than your shirt pocket. This thing has NO range to it. It's unfortunate because it has an otherwise solid design. The single rocker switch is slick and intuitive. All the design in the world doesn't mean a lick if it just doesn't work.

5696	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is perfect
Cons:
2) Reason number two - it sits perfectly on the ear. It is easy to insert it when you drive, and once it in, it stays there. It doesn't move at all. Unlike Motorola headset, that does not fall off but it moves on your ear and it takes a long time to get used to the fact that it is not falling off your ear. Plantronics also provides three different sizes of the pieces that you insert to your ear, makes it perfect to fit any size or shape.





1618	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my first cordless headset and it seems to be terrific.  I do occasionally have problems with coordination with the phone but that could be the phone or user issues.  For example, dialing a call expecting the sound to be through the headset and someone answers and I can't hear them.  I'm very impressed with the sound quality.  It is actually better than the phone in most cases.  The exception is outdoors in high winds.

3959	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical about ordering one of these after reading some of the reviews but realizing that some people expect a Mercedes for the price of a KIA I went for it.  I have an Iphone and was a little concerned about compatibility, but no problems.  I had it paired up and working in about 3 minutes.  The speaker is very audible even in my 6 year old dodge and I don't have the greatest hearing.  I usually dial my phone using my fingers and I don't think the Iphone even has voice dial so not an issue.  The iphone does give you an option on the screen to switch from the unit back to the phone or speakerphone and back to the unit so I thought that was kinda neat.  For 39.00 this was well worth it!  I used to have a parrot in my old truck that was awesome but also 200.00.....  If you need hands free for under 50.00, this is a great choice.
Moving on to now having/loving my iPhone: as a parent and employee I couldn't have my phone run out of juice if I forgot to plug it in one night, and started the search for a good back-up power supply. Like most the sharp buyers on Amazon, I sort my results by 4+ star ratings and then sort further by highest rating and then read, read, read.  The Trent came up either highest on the list or in the top few for backup power supplies, and I liked that it wasn't good for an extra hour or two, but for what... TWENTY hours? More? Didn't seem possible, but I did use it for a weekend to see how long I could watch movies on flights from NY to Chicago and back, etc... and I couldn't be happier.
103	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	idk
4448	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I used this battery to replace the original one on my old Motorola Krzr. After the replacement it has had a much longer battery life and does not require constant charging like it previously did which is very nice.
8593	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	LIKE
8426	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had tried several mount holders for my gps before and they all kept falling down from the windshield.  This one hasn't come down since the day I placed it up.  I love it!



The only drawback to the hub is the LED's on it.  They are a little too bright, and not really all that useful.  However, it's not a problem at work, and at home, the hub is hidden behind a monitor.  I wouldn't want to use it in a bedroom.
So far, I've enjoyed my new phone and am glad to be rid of the 6700.  The shortcomings outlined above have ALL been overcome by this new phone.  I would love them to upgrade this phone with something that resolves these issues because the keyboard and screen are a real piece of art.
To add airtime from Tracfone is extremely painful:
2300	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have read a lot of the reviews and spoken to a number of current owners of the Motorola Q. I have also owned and used Blackberries, Treo's, LG Phones including the LG VX9800 and the Motorola Razor. I picked one up this week and here are my initial impressions.
On the plus side - it is very lightweight and easy to wear on either ear. It comes with an AC and a USB charger - which was great since I could charge it at work or with my laptop. It seems to hold a charge very well for long periods. I know I've gone an entire week without recharging. The range seem pretty good - though I usually never get beyond a few feet from my phone.


Anyway, it worked well enough for me, just follow the directions - the color coding will most likely match perfectly with your radio harness, and do the harness as a separate part of the install. Don't sit in your car and do it. Get comfy, have a drink, and a quality soldering station, and you'll have a much better experience.
4134	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I found the cheapest 8830 holster here at Amazon.  Since I've never seen an actual holster for the 8830, I didn't really know what to expect.  Because of the low price I paid for it, I thought I was buying an aftermarket replica.  When I received the holster, my suspicion was confirmed, so I thought, because it didn't match the picture online.  But soon, I was able to compare it to my brother-in-law's holster which came directly from the RIM online store.  I was happy to find out that they are exactly the same.  He couldn't believe the price I paid for mine.  BTW, the picture shows stitching that runs in front of the holster.  The one for the 8830 doesn't have one.  Anyway, the holster is very well made and my 8830 fits perfectly.  One thing I'd like to mention is that using one of those silicone skins will make it a tighter fit.  I was told it would fit without any problems but that's another review for that item.
Easy to use volume control button for both dialing and voice.
3339	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described.
3421	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased these cases before for personal use and as gifts.  They are built rugged and provide better than medium protection should you drop the phone in the wrap-around case.  Closed up in the face cover with the belt clip adds even better protection.  I like this case because of the adjustable belt clip.  I carry my phone on my belt.  I am hard on phone case belt clips and I have managed to break the clip before due to getting it caught multiple times in the seat belt of my raised Jeep when I climb out.  I don't expect the clip to hold up to my weight!  The case looks sharp on the phone and I think for the price you'll have trouble finding a better one!  I recommend this case and the seller BoxWave to others!
My wife and I almost never can call each other using our headsets and connect on the first try. Oh, it will call and we'll try to answer, and it will sound loud and usually clear - but one of us can't hear the other 99% of the time - at all. It's a series of "hello-hello? HELLO?" Forcing us to hangup and call again. Then we usually are connected.
9858	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The was a sweet holder. I picked one up at Wal-Mart and I was surprised at how well it worked. It come with a plastic disk that I stuck on to the inside of my slide-out cup-holder in my truck - it worked perfectly. Unfortunately someone broke into my truck and stole it (and my sub-woofers). I never used my sub-woofers. I was more upset about my iPhone mount being stolen! I couldn't find another one at Wal-Mart. Thank goodness for Amazon! :)


7015	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this to replace welch Allen diagnostic and didn't want to pay for brand name. Works great and charges fine. It was dead when I first got it and didn't think it was working but left it charging for a full 24 hours and now it works great. They probably forgot to factory cycle it before shipping
OKay, so now with the Voyager 510, I love it.  Great fit.  It seems Plantronics has come out with a new version of the 510.  The foam mic boom is not removeable but is built in much like the logitech is.  The voice and sound quality are top notch.  I've recorded myself and it sounds clear.  I can even notice a difference with the noise-cancelling technology as the tv was on in the background, but my voice was still clear.  Noice-cancelling is important.
No More dropped calls............
7320	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Warning.  This product was branded with the ATT logo.  It still works with other gsm based providers, but if having the ATT logo bothers you then do not buy it.
6024	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	its not as promising
2555	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice case, feels good in your hands. I like how it is easy on and off the phone. However not all the holes line up perfectly making charging to be somewhat difficult. Only gave 4 stars because of that.
The product buy is of good quality, y  arrived in the estimated time, I'm very happy with the service ... Thanks! and" Happy New Year 2012"
Here's the good:
8633	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I saw how inexpensive this USB cord was ($2.30 with no tax and free shipping for me as a Prime user) and decided it was definitely worth a shot, since if my Samsung Renown SCH-u810 phone came with a USB cord I have no idea what I did with it.  This cord arrived promptly (the seller I bought it from was Cell Lounge, Inc.).
The strap seems to be slightly better than a common thread.  The circular ring at the end is very small and has no overlap, making it somewhat unreliable for holding things.
* Mac OS X users: Although the phone does not come with bundled software for Mac OS X, you can download "Nokia Multimedia Transfer" (to synchronize photos and music with iPhoto and iTunes) and an iSync plugin (to synchronize the address book, calendar, todo etc) with your Mac - both from Nokia's web site.  Also, setting up your Mac to access the Internet via the phone (providing that you have a data plan, e.g. the $15/month "MEdia Net Unlimited" from AT&T) is super-easy: When you first pair with the phone, the needed WAP/APN information is pulled automatically from your Phone's SIM card.  (Ironically, this works for nearly every phone, except Apple's own iPhone; this one has a very crippled bluetooth stack, and does also not support tethering).  UPDATE: I've learned that such tethering violates AT&T's Terms of Service.  Moreover, there are no  plans available for this phone (or most others) from AT&T that specifically allow tethering.  If you do so anyway, stay under the radar, and don't abuse it - e.g. by using your cellular data plan as your main internet service.
6975	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Worked well to protect my phone
When I bought the phone it came with the USB cable I mentioned earlier, as well as a stereo hands-free headset with a detachable mic, and, joy of joys, a 1 gigabyte memory card! That's a really nice thing to have! I've got quite a bit of music on mine and it isn't even close to being filled. Tiny card, too. About the size of a fingernail.
- battery level indicator ( press both volume buttons)
I had a bit of trouble pairing it to my Treo 700Wx but got it working, it also paired fine with my wifes Motorola Razor and my kids Samsung U740.

862	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Sounds great, 100 reception from phone and cheap
3382	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The cable looks just like the image. I have no problems with it. No company names on the cable to be found, but that's not important.
6059	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am very happy with the iTorch external battery's performance. Once I opened up the packaging and saw how well built it is I was very impressed. This is by far the highest quality external battery I have used to date. I am an avid iPhone user since I need it to run my business off of, so I usually run out of battery about half way to three quarters of the way  through the day. I've tried out several external battery cases, but I don't like the additional bulk and weight that a battery case adds. So I decided to opt for a external battery. The iTorch seemed to fit the bill nicely, it has a built in laser pointer, a simple little LED flashlight, and a nice battery level indicator. Here's are some of the pros that I liked about the battery.
2413	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have tried 6 different bluetooth headsets and the one thing I hate about all of them is they are not loud enough.  I always find myself pressing the headset against me ear to hear so I end up not using them because I can just put my phone up against my ear.  This headset goes into your ear like an earbud and is louder than I need.  I actually have to turn this one down a little bit.  Beware of fake clone models from Hong Kong.  There are several websites that help you find the difference between them.  Even some Sprint stores were selling these.  If you get one of those you will be disappointed.  The easiest way to tell if you have one of them is if the LED doesn't change to blue after the charge is complete.

The phone wasn't that good for texting but it was pretty good also for just the games, I got addicted to the one where there is the ball and it is kind of like brick attack, found on most keyocera phones, but i totally forget the name.
N95 vs. the Samsung G810
Be forewarned if you keep your Blackberry in your pocket or purse without a case, the screen will eventually get scratched and murky. This is good - You see, it's taking the beating originally intended for your Blackberry!

7103	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product would buy again.
2180	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've read a number of reviews on the MPT4 and was a bit skeptical. I had just replaced an Audiovox PPC4100 PDA phone which was stolen with a new Motorola KRZR K1. I did not know whether this would efficiently replace the effective but cumbersome PDA I've had for so many years.
7848	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Bought my first of these in Feb 2013 and it is now being held together with electrical tape.  Didn't expect much from the reviews but they're so inexpensive that I gave it a try anyway.  This time I ordered several and will just consider them a disposable item although they work fine with the electrical tape.
717	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received this little gem for Christmas and now I refuse to speak into the phone itself.  This BT enabled unit is the perfect gift for anyone with a cell phone.
Bottom-line: The USB cord does what is says and is compatible with the Samsung Renown.  It charges it.  So for $2.30 and not having to leave my home to get it, I'm happy.  Well-worth the money.
5272	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Even though I did not purchase this here on Amazon I thought I would relate my experience with the GoPhone Sim card and $45.00 plan, first off I had originally purchased the $45.00 T-Mobile (Walmart Special) start up kit here on Amazon and it turned out to be a total disaster, I had to drive 10 miles in order to get one (1) bar in order to use my new LG G4, so I sent it back and went to Wally World and purchased a Straight Talk plan, and 8 hours of one after another non English speaking or understanding customer service people I finely returned the kit to WM and purchased the GoPhone kit and $45.00 plan, and within 15 minutes of installing the sim card and battery and powering up my phone the GoPhone (AT&T) self install the necessary software updated the APN settings automatically, I then entered the $45.00 number and within 10 seconds I had my new phone number and 4G LTE service, Yea it was that simple

Highly recommend this phone
4243	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product fits iPhone 3G perfectly.  It keeps it secure and the back part where the clip is very sturdy.  Overall excellent quality.  Get it on Amazon it is much cheaper then in the stores as well.  I saw the same thing at Apple and AT&T for twice the price!
5902	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	aaaaa
- Flexible with different device tips to charge different phones.

5593	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one awesome little phone. First of all the screen is the brightest and most detailed I have found on any phone. In the store it is so bright it just screams at you. I have found that reducing the brightness to 70% is more than adequate. If you have trouble reading a phone in direct sunlight, fear no more. As for features, there are just too many to mention. I first learned about it from the Toyota website as I just bought a Prius. It is one of the VERY few phones that will integrate seamlessly with the car. It can even upload its phone book via Bluetooth to the car. Most phones (except smart phones/PDA's) will not. They are also 3 times the price. It has a great sounding MP3 player. It is stereo Bluetooth, FM radio...I could go on and on. There are some great themes free online so you can customize away. If there was one gripe it would be that it doesn't come with an M2 memory card which it needs if you are going to load up on music and photos. I can't complain though as this phone is very affordable. Some complaints I have heard are that the number keys are too small. Well, I'm 6'2" and about 280lbs. (not a small guy) and I don't have any problem getting my fingers to work the buttons. The other complaint I have heard about is battery life. Well I have talked and talked and played with this thing for 3 days now, and the battery is still more than half. I'm not sure what people think is good, but after my RAZR...pffft...this thing is great. My techie coworkers were amazed by the display and all agreed that it was unbelievably bright. I would recommend this jewel to anyone who wants a great phone that has a lot of cool features. It blows away the Samsung SCH-a737 and the LG Shine. Go to a local AT&T store and play with one. Then buy one at whatever outlet suits you.

716	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Pros:
I decided to buy the IMP500 for its great look (love the blue accents and rounded/bezeled edges/corners) and excellent reviews. It claims to charge a smartphone several times before running out of juice, and it was the right size for me to take on a backpacking trip.



Awesome design
  4. Purchase Insurance for your phone through T-Mobile. In order to replace the phone without insurance is pricy (Retail $380).
1312	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I wish there was a way to rate this item ZERO stars. This is not worth the plastic and wires it's made out of or the cheap price. Save your pocket change, it's not even worth the effort of buying.

5721	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say, it does what it is supposed to do.  Seems well built, time will tell.  Not bad though.
Hard to imagine how much the electronics inside would cost much at all.
6010	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had the New Trent IMP52D iTorch for about 3 weeks now and I love it.


The phone is "locked" while closed, but to unlock it you just need to press a button on the side.  This means that if you attempt to store this phone in your pocket, all manner of crazy events are liable to occur as once the side button gets accidentally pressed, it opens Pandora's Box as after that, any random light touch on the face will push a button and cause something to happen.  Random dialing of people on your contact list or connections to the internet ought to be expected.

The iPhone fits perfectly into the holder and the aux cable is nice and thin. I actually used the phone in this setup when I wanted to have a conference call and the other person's voice coming out of the car stereo worked great for that purpose.
There were two in the package, plus a screen protector, and with no tax, and no shipping, this was a fantastic deal for me.

7780	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This is my third bluetooth headset.  The H700 was great, nearly perfect.  Plantronics' 220 is not bad.  The H710 is nearly identical to the H700, but the outgoing voice quality makes it nearly impossible to use.  It sounds like you are talking through a piece of paper.  My friend also got one and also had the same problem.  We are unable to carry on a conversation using H710's on each end.  Too bad, because the physical engineering is excellent.
For a handyman that has a decent set of tools, the install is no big deal. However for many people, drilling a whole through the wall, drilling holes on the roof to add a mounting bracket etc is a bit much. We were lucky in that we had one handyman that does work for us that could do it all.  If we  had to use the indoor mount or rig something outside, it would have been a deal breaker (inside b/c we couldn't get any connectivity worth talking about, outside b/c the cable needs to connect the antenna to the signal module).

-The timing system of the flashlight can be annoying at times since there is only one button for 3 funtions and it all relies of the timing of release, so it can be a bother at times.
4860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I used to have a plantronics, but it would give me issues. Like if you do not have the phone on the same side as your body, it would sound messed up. But this one, is amazing works perfect, I mean seriously I could not have asked for a better one.
207	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this charger is amazing. Fantastic long cord and it charges the phone beautifully. I bought another one on Amazon it was slightly cheaper it was junk. It has a micro USB end not a full USB 3 chordfooled it does work and it works well

6906	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got these for certain watches and other small electronics that use this model.  As of today it is far so good.

5607	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I replaced a 2 year old Samsung slider with this instrument (necessary after dropping the Samsung into cole slaw--don't ask). It's very similar in size and shape to the Samsung and seems to be of similar construction quality, which is to say, pretty good.



This is great value for money and a high quality headset.
This is the only product of it kind that I could locate


2757	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Top quality battery from this seller.
5820	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was an extremely good purchase.  Looked better than OEM and was cheaper.  Order a few, you'll thank yourself for it.
In the midst of waiting for this phone I had purchased an LG Shine for my niece....which she promptly "got stole" aka lost. I had another Shine delivered to my house. I was vacillating myself between the Z9 and a black Shine. I almost changed my order to the Shine because I could not fathom waiting 2-8 weeks for this phone. I waited 1 1/2 weeks and it was getting unbearable (I lack the patience gene). So I have been playing with her Shine. Or should I say...cussing the hell out of this Shine. I can't transfer anything to the memory card! The phone is fairly solid but not quite solid enough. It has beautiful graphics, but the exterior gets dirty easily. So considering what I've spent so far, it's a bust. It's nice enough but not awesome.
The per minute price for this convenience is excessive, however. It costs much less (on a per minute basis) even to use a satellite phone (Iridium or Globalstar); satphone calls are about $1/minute and can be placed from anywhere, including the middle of the ocean where there is no cellular coverage. By far the least expensive and most convenient option is to buy a SIM card at any one country one arrives at; most of them sell them in kiosks at their respective airports. Outgoing calls to the US would be 10-20 cents/minute, outgoing local calls would be 1-2 cents/minute, and incoming calls would be free; by contrast, all of these calls would be over $2/minute with the mobal SIM card.
5. Foam pads hold the phone well without any chance of scratching the phone.
Great find as it is very difficult to identify these LG cables that do BOTH USB data AND USB charging.
Running continously for 2 months now without a single glitch.  Zero maintenance when installed correctly.
1500	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After going through more headsets that I care to recall, I have finally found one that not only works reliably, but also is comfortable, inexpensive, and offers superior performance.
2853	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected -- good price
- It glows neon Blue. Why? I'm not sure. I like it because it matches my setup, but it's very bright, and I'd rather the "power" be used towards the other devices.

These results are right in line for the stated 5200Mah; which is good.


###############
7222	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I used to have this phone long time ago , I bought this for my dad, but the only problem I had is its hard to hear when you call someone over the phone I cant hear them. its ok for the people like basic cell phone.

4) The best mount is outside on the roof, but most home installs will require a 50' cable which will result in some signal loss

I barely get a bar with the older version.  The dB strength was consistently lower with this new version sadly.
6870	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My battery was dead for a year so I did some research and ended up buying this brand... No regrets; it's powered my watch like a charm
I'm very pleased with my Amazon purchase.
it looks like the 510 might be uncomfortable, but the piece around your ear acutually helps keep the headset in your ear and you don't even realize it's there. it's light and comfortable. it fits far better than the jawbone. the jb blocks noise well, but vs comfort and volume (plus price, althought i wouldn't consider price bc i would pay the $$ if it worked like i wanted it to work), the 510 is the best headset i've owned. you can use it anywhere.
47	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	gotten so many compliments, its so beautiful and simple. i've had it for 3 months now and it still looks brand new







3232	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The best feature of this phone is the camera. The slider is the second best feature. This phone seemed a good idea at the time of purchase. I wanted it for it's Mp3 player. The Mp3 player really sucks, poor sound quality and poor software design. The uSD card holder is very difficult. I have to push down on a tab while I use a very small screwdriver to push out the card. This piece of junk only supports up to 2GB uSD cards, no the newer uSD formats. The circular keypad fell apart less than 6 months and after warranty. The alpha numeric keypad is too small and has it's own issues. Sometimes I press a number and it opens a web browser, which is a different keypad. The OS locks up sometimes and I need to reboot. Sometimes, I plug this onto the charger, and it reboots itself. The Alarms sometimes disappear, which has posed problems for me, since I am without alarms then. The bluetooth is OK, but I wish I could give meaningful names to the devices. It will only allow one device at a time. The OS is very slow, so be patient. Connecting to a computer USB is not as good with this phone as yuou would think. The computer has a hard time working with ot. Also, the formatted uSD card, is not fully compatible with a pc. I have no idea why they did this, but, if you plug the uSD card into a card reader attached to your computer, MOVE something off the uSD card to your hard drive and place the uSD card back into your cell, the cell will not recognize anything on it and suggests you reformat it, which is another buggy feature. I would love to work with my appointments on my pc, but, thanks to Motorola brains, you cannot work anything from your pc. The battery doesn't not stay charged very long. And, another software bug with the battery, it will say it needs to be recharged, but if I remove the battery and put it back in or if I briefly connect the power adapter or is I reboot the cell, it will tell me my battery is full. Is it? I have no idea, so I keep it charging. This Motorola really sucks! Now that I am employed again, I will be searching for a new phone. I am very sick of this phone, I've had it for 3 years now. I will never buy a Motorola phone again. Let them go bankrupt, they certainly deserve it. There are much better phones out there for your money, just take your time to look around. Don't buy this phone.
I have yet to use my iTorch while traveling, but I normally spend a good bit of time airport hopping, and am always baffled by how an airport designed to handle millions of people a day will only have 13 power-plugs in the entire building. Knowing that I can watch videos all day on my phone without hunting down a place to charge makes this device worth it alone.
1635	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my sister as a gift after reading many reviews for this and other bluetooth devices. I'm glad I did my homework, I was so surprised at the quality sound and comfortable fit. In fact so pleasantly surprised I purchased another for myself and love it. Once you use one that fits well and works properly you will wonder how you managed without it.
The Bluetooth capability is useful also.  I sync up my contact data with my iMac regularly.  The new version (iSync 1.5) even supports calendar synchronization -- all wireless.
Very useful, I love it, I use in home, car and office for my iPad, iPhone, iPod and bluetooth ear phone

3695	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice case.  It fits like a glove and I would recommend it to anyone with a Galaxy S5.

All in all, I highly recommend the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset.  When I finally break or lose this one, I will look at replacing it with another Aliph model before any other manufacturer.
8348	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	key loops exactly as described, took a long while to deliver but also as expected.
  I wish the text and numbers could be made larger (I'm into reading glasses now) and I really wish the icon for battery strength/charging was large enough to see...or at least have sufficient contrast to do so! AND, they should have damped the flip door so it doesn't SLAM shut. Vibration mode barely perceptible...that's BAD!  Lastly, the lighting on the keys at night is marginal at best.

4442	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The batteries were exactly as advertised, they were delivered in a normal timeframe, there were no issues or hiccups or drama with the vendor.  It was "slam, bam, thank you, sirs or madams."  Battery life is really subjective as everyone's "normal" is different.  But life is definitely restored compared to my original 2 year old battery.  My experience is use of Bluetooth really drains batteries quickly.  But that's a Bluetooth issue that goes away if you don't use Bluetooth.  I have no complaints at all with this product.
6591	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had zero to 1 bars in my home.  Very difficult to have glitch free, understandable phone calls.  Installed the outside antenna at the top of my backyard patio pointed toward the cell phone tower, 2 miles away.  Now all my phones have 4 to 5 bars, mostly 5 anywhere in the house, not just in the room with the inside antenna.  Love this thing.
284	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is great battery solution for my phone. Provided about 4 times the battery time with no issues.  Fit my S5 great.
5271	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a good deal. I bought two, for two different phones, and was pleased to find that they both worked.
5789	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It holds my blackberry curve prefectly, even with the protective skin on!  Rotates and stays.
The first thing to get straight about this phone is that it is not about form, but function.  It is not the slimmest or sexiest phone out there, nor does it have the most awe-inspiring user interface compared to the likes of the iPhone.  On the other hand, it has every capability that you will find on any phone these days:

[...]
- Sony Proprietary Memory Stick Micro M2 versus easy to find and less expensive MicroSD

then I gave a try
Overall though, very very cool to be able to leave my phone in my pocket, get in and start the car, and 10 seconds later with the push of a button, hear music from my phone as if it were built into the car.
9286	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Body glove works the best.  Hands down.  Drop the phone..... Body glove takes the beating and your phone survives the drop.  Lasts about two years and then I've had to replace them due to normal wear and tear.  All in all they just work.  I work hard and so does body glove....  Thanks body glove for making a great product we can count on.  Not plastic that only lasts a month and then ya throw it away.
3. Multipoint Technology. This technology rocks. I have both my work (Blackberry) and personal cell phone synched with this device at the same time and can call or answer either without pairing hassles.
I thought the design was quite innovative and attractive. Everything is self contained, slides out, no adapters to loose. Even has a fuse.
994	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	junk
2030	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Like a couple of previous reviewers, I bought a Motorola H700 to replace my old HS850 bluetooth headset, which finally gave out after a few years of solid use. I was so pleased with the performance of the HS850 that I thought that its successor, the H700, would be even better. HOW WRONG I WAS! From day 1, this device has been problematic. The most annoying problem is that people complain of hearing an "echo" of their own voice when they're talking to me and I'm using the H700.  As soon as I close the headset and return to talking directly on my Motorola E815 phone, the problem disappears, and everything is crystal clear. Also, once you pair the H700 headset with your phone, it's supposed to answer a call automatically when your phone rings and you open the headset's boom microphone. But mine doesn't.  This has caused me to miss so many calls! After waiting forever to speak to one of Motorola's help techs, they advised me to change the settings on my phone. I did what they instructed, but I still cannot answer calls automatically by opening the headset. I'm planning on returning my H700 headset today and getting a more expensive bluetooth headset. The H700 may cost a few $ less, but it's not worth the trouble.
3051	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A++++


My one beef is that if you have a car that was made after 1990 (with a heavily sloped windshield), which is about 95% of us, than thing isn't going to bend enough to give you a perfect viewing angle on the screen.  That being said, it's not that big of a deal.
2317	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I just received this phone as a replacement (from insurance) for my sony s710a and I could not be more disappointed with this phone.
Cons:


3170	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I wasn't expecting much for the price but at least that it holds my iphone, and it barely squeezes in with a good amount of force, I have a very slim skin cover. Not worth returning but disappointing.
But if what you need is a headset to listen to music, FANTASTIC!!!!
2) The replacement Jawbone had problems where the earbud kept falling off in my ear... YIKES!  I immediately exchanged it for a new one at the Apple Store (they exchanged it no questions asked).
The H710 is, by default, loud and clear. In normal use, you'll never have to turn up the volume. It holds a charge as well as any other I've used. I really like the little flap that folds under the ear piece when you want to turn it off. I can then put my 'beetle' in my pocket and not worry about mistakingly redial someone. Plus it saves on the battery! When I ready to use it again, I unfold the flap, it auto connects to my blackberry and I'm ready to use it. I recharge it about every 2-3 days under normal use.
7)  Music quality is as good as any other product I have ever used.
322	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When I first got the Power Bear Samsung Galaxy S5 7800mAh extended battery I charged it over night. Upon turning on my phone there was a quick drop to 99%, which surprised me. I'd have thought there would not have been any drop in power for a while. It's been a week and I have been charging it overnight. I have been doing  a lot of political phone canvassing recently, which covers a 3 hour block of time and averages 65 calls.

3669	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	it boosted my phone by 3 bars i now get service where i didn't this is a very good price for it i gave $18 for one at the mall that didn't work half as well
1)  It's got Bluetooth, but you can't voice dial from a Bluetooth headset (at least, not natively -- there might be an app fix, but I don't know of one).

-External speakers
I ended up taking it apart (disassembly is fairly easy) to put a solder blob on the positive terminal.  Now it makes contact with my NiMH batteries but the battery cover on this thing is really flimsy.  Add to that the blinking blue light - certainly gets your attention but it ends up being VERY annoying.  I tried to charge my Moto Q in my car (while using a BT headset) and I had to cover the charger with my coat.
All said and done, I have to thank the vender and AMAZON.
  Speedtest: 227ms ping, .8 - 1.4 Mbps data transfer
y poreque esta muy buernono em ha llegadotodo bien lo recomiendo
1791	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	dont buy from amazon if you plan on trasferring some other phone number to this new phone and service. Mail-in-rebate is voided. It is so weired. They make money anyway.
Cons
...at least with mine.
7925	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, great price, fast shipping, hope to buy from this seller again...



I also recommend that you keep you Treo locked with a security password.  I have not found a carrier that will offer insurance on this $400 phone.

The camera on this phone is quite nice.  There is a flash and a zoom feature which is added bonus.  The 640x480 pictures taken by this phone is OK to be viewed by cell phones' smaller screens but if you view the pictures on your computer you might be disappointed.

*Pros *

Overall I am pretty impressed it is much better and last longer than the cheapo external batteries  and a much better value than the higher priced ones you can also find online.
The upshot of this is that you don't have to worry about corners folding or bubbles forming during application. You can position it very precisely before applying, and then when you apply, you get a PERFECT result, straight with no bubbles whatsoever.
9494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned this piece of property for over 13 years.  I have had less than mediocre cell service.  Dropped calls, missed calls, choppy reception TO SAY THE LEAST.  But with just one bar of service, you can boost your signal with this product to anywhere between 3-5 bars constantly.  This just may save my marriage (LOL).  I don't usually spend the time to leave reviews, but did in this case.  I would TOTALLY recommend this product.  It can take just a little bit of service, and turn it into a lot!!!
9351	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	With $338, I have owned a 5 mega pixel camera phone which is so great. Everything works perfectly. The phone is very easy to use. It's system is pretty much the same like my old Nokia 3230. The key pad is small but I am not a text-lover so to me, it's not a big issue. If you are looking for an all in one phone, N82 from Amazon is really a bargain. Good luck

293	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Makes me feel more comfortable that the battery will last all day and it does and more.
I recently was caught off guard and asked to address a group at our facility and was able to browse right to the topic I needed as a springboard for my lecture.

weBoost included a dashboard mount bracket in the kit. This mount secures to the dashboard with a peel-and-stick adhesive. This is where I balked. I've never attached anything to my padded dashboard and I didn't intend to start now. The instructions are very clear on how to mount the bracket on the dashboard, but this meant I would have to deviate from the instructions and try a different approach; which I did. Enough said about that.
 -Message Reader converts your text messages to voice. Quite good quality.
Overall opinion: This is a very nice and inexpensive device.  The only reason I did not give it five stars is due to the battery life.  I just make sure I charge it once a week so I don't have any problems with dropping a call.
4119	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this WEP410 to replace my Samsung WEP200 headset. The 200 was itself a step up from the Plantronics Voyager 510 which was highly rated, though I found the 200's sound quality, connectivity via bluetooth 2.0 instead of of the Voyager's 1.2, inconspicuous size, and price to all be superior to the Voyager. But the 200's sound was still a little muffled, and the fit was earbud-style which wasn't always comfortable for my small ear canals. After reading tons of reviews, I settled on the 410 here for its size, quality, brand, and price.

1810	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	PLEASE, PLEASE READ MY WHOLE ARTICLE BEFORE BUYING ANY BOOSTER SYSTEMS.
THE JAWBONE HASN'T FALLEN OFF - YET. Besides, it doesn't come apart as easily as the 655 so I'm not worried.

7415	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Hi,

* The battery pack recharges in a reasonable amount of time (6-7 hours based on my experience) - Note, I didn't discharge the battery pack completely (since it is supposed to be bad for Li Ion batteries)
5389	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very Good Pouch, Like it. 5 Stars.
6307	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP 500 by IMAX Power is the best protable battery you can buy.  I got one and it malfunctioned and the company quickly shipped me a replacement.  The customer support and service is top notch. I would not hesitate to buy anything from them.  The battery charges my Motorola Droid in about 1.5 hours.  Unbelievable. The IMP 500 still has hours of charges left after charging my Droid and iPod Touch.  It is so easy to use and looks great too.  Compact and easy to carry. The cable and the connectors are excellent too. If you need a portable battery, this is the one to buy.

5148	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	There aren't many case options available for the Lumia 800.
I can write on 6035 instead of using the QWERTY key



Choose another vendor who ships what they advertise.
Own phone for 3 weeks.
4816	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this case.  It's super classy, fits well and protects the phone from side drops with rubberized sides.  The wood inlay is beautiful and authentic.  You can feel the grain in the wood and can see the depth of the wood when looking at the engraved Boxwave logo.  I always place my phone face down now, in public, so people can see the classy case.  Silly, I know.  It's just so nice, I like to show it off.  The only thing that would make me love this case more is if it came in Zebrawood.  Some other brands do carry Zebrawood, but this one seemed to be the greatest qualtiy case, IMO.  You can't go wrong with this case.

  - allows data transfer
 - menu inaccessable during calls (cannot text or surf during calls)
- The other party in the call gets better sound too.


9399	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I travel every weekend between Big Bear Lake and Palm Springs down Highway 18 to 247.  There are at least four spots where my iPhone7 plus with Verizon service dropped calls like clock work in the past.  Since installing this (took ten minutes), no more drops. I've found it increases my signal strength by a bar, probably just enough not to drop the calls in those areas with on the edge reception. I'm going to get another for my truck.
8554	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works, better price than anywhere, most stores want eleven bucks for this. Get one if you need it. why do I have yo type sooo many letters now to review a product Amazon?? Im gonna get tired of this and quit reviewing!!!!!!!!!

474	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am using the FreeSpeak for non-Bluetooth phones with my new T68i and I love it.  The Bluetooth multi-adapter for my old non-Bluetooth phone worked great, but the phone didn't support headset initiated call answering, voice dialing or call ending []a pain if you're going to be using any headset.

7191	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was not expecting to find a battery to fit my old Motorola.  I received in a very timely manner and battery was fully charged.  Great deal.
6897	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	that's what I mean a great deal of money when you buy in a bundle like this check  the prices at the places you shop and compare prices.  It  pays for itself after the first battery, will buy again
 -Initially, it was very simple/fast to set it up with phone.
* I love the quick disconnect, reconnect feature using the volume up/down buttons.  I use it with two phones (Motorola V325 for work and Blackberry 8700c for personal), and this makes it a breeze to switch from one to the other without having to fumble through the phone menus. (If you use it with a Blackberry, be sure to turn off the "Echo Control" setting in the BT menu for this headset.)


- Memory card expansion slot
OH, and don't forget to buy an antenna adapter as well if you're installing into a newer GM!  They use a mini antenna connection that you have to convert into the larger type that aftermarket radios use.  Amazon sells the adapter for about ten bucks or so.

I like that the BlackBerry screen is visible when it is in the cradle so I can see my email and phone calls. Due to the weight and the rubberized base this is a very stable base, which allows you to still use the BlackBerry when seated in the base.
A couple of things I'd like to see improved on a future update:
4694	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's a little big, but it does the job. It worked in France, Italy, Croatia, Serbia and Romania. Someone even tried to lend me a charge from Ireland and it worked so I would definitely buy it again and keep it for all my travel, wherever I go. That's another thing, buy 2, you think you can alternate between charging your phone and charging your laptop/tablet... but you can't. Just get 2.
2919	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This was a gift for my brothers iphone.  He loves it so far & has no problems with it.  When the phone is off it turns into a mirror finish.  Protects the screen real well & he has no problems using his touch screen with this on.  He says in normal lighting it darkens the screen slightly so no one on the sides can see what is on his screen.  He is happy with this product & likes it better than the clear one he had before.
By the way, it would have gone more than 9 hours, by the ninth hour, the quality was still there and my phone had just lost one bar on the battery meter (three bars total).
I think the Jabra is a fine option for people that just want to be able to answer calls though, and not miss one because your driving.
It's a small enough package that it fits in your pocket for charging on

- Cool little blue light that turns on when plugged in
2706	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a great addition to the Voyager 520 BT headset.  Everything worked as expected.  I highly recommend this product.

2058	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I can hear people on it fine but have had nothing but complaints from friends.  I can't use it.



Upon reading Amazon reviews,  I decided to go with this unit. I purchased it used from an Amazon seller and it came in like new condition with the original box, all accessories and the instructions for less than $200. After reading other reviews, I decided to mount it as high as possible outside the house on my old television antenna staff, so I purchased a 50' Wilson coax cable knowing I would have some signal loss, but I wanted to get above the unseen barrier blocking my signal.  I mounted it about 8' up on the antenna staff and ran the 50' cable into my family room. I checked the signal on the roof with my Galaxy using Settings>About Phone>Status. Scanning the guessed direction of the antenna, my strongest signal was 89dbm to 87dbm. I secured the antenna in its cradle and directed it at the tower about 6 miles away. Upon finishing the install and fiddling with placement, I get an indoor signal of 89 to 87db with occasional jumps as high as 101dbm in the evening and as low as 79dbm in the afternoon. The former is  still acceptable for calling. Since I am on wireless I do not need to get down in the 60db range in my home.


7635	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this headset with high expectations.  I took my time.  I compared and contrasted.  I read all the reviews.  I thought I had made a great purchase.
  -Surprisingly, there is an avatar selection for each contact - really cute ones.
8508	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I dropped my iphone in the sink, it sunk, and since a new version comes out in a month, I had to get something to tide me over---so I took a chance on the dreaded Microsoft and an often panned Pantech Duo.  I've had it two weeks now and I have to say:  this was a lucky find.
3724	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought and used for a three week car camping expedition  Still using it one year later.
I still think the unit has some small flaws, such as the way the cradle changes width to fit different phones. With my phone, an iPhone 6 in the Apple leather case, it's either too narrow or a bit too wide, and wobbles in the cradle. Some clever engineering could fix this problem - there are lots of basic cell phone cradles that have found better ways to fit multiple phone models.
680	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great product ... holds items (phone, ipad) on my dash and keeps them from sliding around.  Dash area is flat ... so, no experience how it would hold on a slanted surface.  Also, material is a bit thinner than expected.
5784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had this product for several weeks now. I am usually pretty tough on holsters and have broken most of mine on the rotating clip due to my seat belt on my car. This one however seems to be a lot tougher that my previous holsters. I have had no issues with it in any way. I am pleased with this one and would recommend it to my friends.
9525	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	5 BIG Stars!!!
Before I try this unit, I went and try a LG HBS-750 (one user review said it has less interference).  HBS-750 was worst.  It started to break up even before I enter the interference area.
My only other gripe is the 50 song limit in iTunes, even with the memory card upgrade. However, I'm an iPod owner, so this doesn't concern me too much.
3351	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Used it to hook up the girlfriend's parents with Wii in HD.  Ran it through a wall using an extender and it works great.
5484	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this arm band pretty well but the strap is kind of small.  It just barely fits around my arm and I'm not exactly a body builder.  The material is nice as it keeps sweat and moisture away from your iphone.  It holds the iphone snug inside so there's no fear of slipping out and it doesn't flop around while you're running.  The touch works fine, you just have to push a little harder but while you're running you probably don't want to be fiddling with things anyway.  All in all, I'm satisfied.

1597	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i love it. it has made my cell phone experiene that much more convienient. i have had no problems, easy to follow instructions.

4286	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great ... even bought another for my g/f
6079	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch by New Trent (New Trent iTorch IMP52D 5200mAh External Battery Charger) is an amazingly portable external battery which can charge most (if not ALL?) of your mobile on-the-go USB chargeable devices. As a road warrior who's always going, sometimes by foot, sometimes by plane, sometimes by public transit, and sometimes by car, it's always useful to have extra power with you on the go. When you're on the road and don't have access to a wall or car charger, or when you just need to be on the move, the iTorch is perfect. I've been a long-time user of the New Trent Power Pack (Model IMP500), but believe you can never have too much power, especially when others are always asking for a boost. I love both New Trent products, and my old device has saved my butt on more than one occasion. What I really like about the iTorch in particular is the added bonus of the laser pointer and flashlight. It may sound silly, but it's already come in handy several times. I try to minimize the clutter in my bag and therefore never have a flashlight on hand. There are times, however, when a little light can go a long way. As a professional, a laser pointer for presentations is great too, and not one that takes little expensive watch batteries. BUT, to focus on it's main purpose, the iTorch is compact, portable, and easy to handle. I utilized it last weekend and managed to go from Friday morning to Sunday night without ever needing to plug my iPhone 5 into a wall; I made it most of Friday on my initial charge, and added two days of typical use using the backup external portable battery. I could have gone longer. The iTorch is not the most powerful external battery, but it's also not the heaviest! This thing is light weight! While there are other products that might go further, this little guy can give you the boost you need (for your iPhone, iPod, iPad, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.). Note the iTorch does NOT come with a wall-wart to plug it in to recharge, BUT, it charges off a standard micro USB. I was please to find out the iTorch can charge off the plug and cable I use to charge my second generation Amazon Kindle and several other devices that use micro USB (one less charger to add to my collect). Sleek to handle and easy to use, it's a great investment to have on hand and will pay for itself the first time you can fully charge your phone while rushing in a cab to the airport, or even during a flight to an important business meeting. Now that I rely on my mobile tech for everything, I never go anywhere without a battery backup!
The pros:

2297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was worried, when I bought my ZEN, that I wouldn't always have a computer handy to recharge the unit from a USB port.
8097	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I just received this item today, along with a Sony HWS-BTA2W Two-Way Bluetooth Stereo Adapter. I plan to use these for listening to our bedroom TV when my wife wants to sleep. I read the brief instructions and was able to pair the two devices on my first attempt, using the Sony adapter as a transmitter. Audio quality is more than adequate for watching TV, and even rivaled the quality I would expect from a wired connection. After pairing, I was able to walk out of the bedroom and about 12 feet down the hallway (for a total separation of about 20 feet) before the Bluetooth connection was dropped.
  -A decent selection of ringtones
PRO - Boom stick mic
Search Amazon for Case/Belt Clip and you'll see what I mean. Yes, you'll find a couple of US companies that make them, but they are $40. In their defense, my $9.99 case cost me $200.
followup: (...)= rebate, they deleted it in my review...
4890	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Tried the Jawbone and could not make it fit.  Sent it back.

- I LOVE the fitness/step counter. It measures distance in steps and calculated miles along with the calories you've burned. It also keeps a daily average and each days results.
4141	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use, no more wires or shouting.  Finally a wireless headset that allows you to discretely talk to friends or business associates without static.  Clear sound on both ends, easy to use with several accessories so you get the right fit.
8714	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good this service and the product
9519	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have tried every way I know how to get the system to work but to no avail.  I had someone string the line into the adjoining room to be sure one box was at least 20 diagonal feet away from the other box.  I have spend move than an hour, 2 different times trying to get the 2 lights to be green.  One will be green for a second as I am moving it but the box cannot sit in the air.

I do not listen to music over bluetooth--bluetooth is simply too "lo-fi." It is mega-compressed and distorts your music no matter what fancy headset you get.
9183	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I haven't gotten the battery to work with my iPhone 4.  The first few times it worked fine, but now every time I connect it I get a warning saying it is an unsupported accessory.  I emailed with the manufacturer and they said they'd contact me with info on how to get a new device, but I still haven't heard back (after trying to email again many times).  Doesn't work at all for me.

I purchased a different adapter previously for my old car, I cannot recall the name but it came with 4 sockets, 1 USB and had ON/OFF buttons on the opposite side for each socket. I was going to a second one of those, but I needed 2 USB ports and 2 sockets were enough for me (vs. 4 on the old). Another major selling point to me was the inclusion of a 15A FUSE breaker. That is pure gold right there (fig). Having such a feature insures that no matter how dumb the user is (mind my language, but I'm stating a point here), they will not be able to ruin their car by running a device exceeding the AMP limit through it. I've known of people that attempted to run air pumps through their 12V socket and ended up burning the entire housing. Literally, there was black stains around it. With this unit, it will never happen, as the fuse will blow up before any damage can be done.
i purchased the cheapest i got it.
7196	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I use the Timbuk 2, 2-way on-strap Phone holder, both on the strap of my messenger bag and on my belt.  Even with the Speck PixelSkin HD case on it, the IPhone 4 fits easily into the holder.  The holder is easy to attach to either the messenger bad or the belt. The holder grips tightly to the belt or the bag and I have no fear that it will slip off. The soft interior of the holder should eliminate the possibility of scratches that can occur by constantly sliding the phone in and out of it.
The Z9 is compact, lightweight and well constructed. Sound quality is good on the inbound side and the volume gets quite loud - this is the first BT headset I've had to turn down. On the outbound side the voice isolation technology works very well. Some of the sound leaks through but not enough to hinder conversation. If it does, you can easily change between standard and maximum isolation levels. I once recorded a test using maximum while across the street from an active construction site. I couldn't even hear myself talk but my normal-level speech came through loud and clear.
PS, camera is lousy.
- The fit is great in my ear.
2323	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Used for more than a year and still working.  I would recommend to other amazon customers..


3900	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Talk about serious flow, this is nice. I have had mine now for over a month and love it. If I could improve this shower head I would add an option to turn it directionally and or a quick shut off valve. This is a large shower head so I am not sure it can be made to adjust directionally.  Serious GPM's flow from this head so if you like taking long hot showers like I do then you better have a large hot water heater or re-learn your valve settings when turning the shower on.  Great product at a competitive price.

-- Battery life is pathetic.  Plan on having this plugged into a charger whenever possible.  With luck, you might make it through one day of use, IF you don't make or receive any phone calls but instead just use it to check your e-mail and calendar.  It's that bad.
8678	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was very pleased with my order.  Shipping was fast and the quality of my item was just as nice as advertised. I will be buying again..BEING AN ARMY FAMILY WE ONLY WANT THE BEST AND THIS PAST OUR TEST..
5. Summary

3373	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	When I received this cable I immediately plugged it into my flatscreen TV. Absolutely no video whatsoever. Worked with a number of settings trying to get the TV to work with the video input. Definitely a waste of $10, and I will not be purchasing anything from this company ever again. I agree with some of the reviewers that a lot of the reviews with three stars or more must be from the owner of the company. When buying products from Amazon checkout the dates for the reviews because some of these reviews have to be bogus.
6601	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I can relay that this device gives our office an extra bar of cell coverage, but I'm not sure what the true effect is since sometimes the calls still drop or garble.  It was pretty expensive. We do an unscientific sound off every now and then - how many bars Eric? 2...John? 1... then plug it back in and sound off again and it seems like the signals go up a bar.

When it's time to remove, just use a box cutter or flat, sharp edge to pull up one of the corners of the sticker, and you should be able to slowly peel the entire sticker off as a single piece with minimal residual leftovers on the windshield.
6023	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I can't say enough about how handy this iTorch is and how completely it lives up to it's claims. I just used it repeatedly while traveling but here at home use it often as well. It doesn't take long to charge, charges my iPhone5 quickly and repeatedly before I have to recharge the iTorch itself and is small enough to fit in my pocket along with the iPhone so can charge as I am on my way to an event or while busy around the house. I have found it invaluable and will be giving these as Christmas gifts this year.
It took about 5 hours to charge initially. When plugged in there are four blue lights, three of which continue to race until charged. Although it can be used when any of them are lit, once the three lights stops blinking it's fully charged. I recommend charging overnight the first time or when fully discharged. In a pinch, you can also charge your phone while charging the battery, just be sure to turn the battery on.
Unit gets attention of my phone every time I enter car and connects without hassle.  I have a dash mount for the phone, so I don't need any kind of display other than the phone's.
(may have forgotten to mention some things)
Micro SD
3381	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	One of my biggest complaints about the Wii was the lack of HD quality. For cheap these cables allow HD quality, kind of. This is not perfect, and honestly will make you wish you had HD from the very beginning.
The only major gripe I've had is that the included AC adapter has began making a whining sound, which is very annoying ina quiet environment.
3536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great fit!!!

This unit works extremely well.  It's simple to use and does what it is supposed to very well.  Audio both ways is very clear.  There are a number of design decisions that they made that were just ingenious.  First is the way the pop-out microphone also turns the unit on and off.  By using this as needed I haven't had to charge the unit in 3 days despite regular use.  Also, the visor clip is metallic and on the back of the unit they have a couple of really strong magnets.  So, basically you leave the clip where you want it and can just remove/replace the unit easily when you get out.
-Alan Reiley
7013	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The price for both these cables is great. Just the USB cable itself is 20 dollars at the Sprint store. It fits the LG Rumor great. The cables work fine and look good
8908	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my third New Trent product, and I'm equally as pleased with it as I am with the others. This time, I went for the slimness and lightness versus capacity, and I am not disappointed. Well designed and made. Packs a lot of power for the money. I'm happy with this.


I think the folks complaining about the short wire on one side aren't wearing them right. Put the long side **behind** your head and it fits perfectly.

4970	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The adapter is wired for something other than an iPhone. The sound is distorted and the microphone does not work with the standard earbud headset that comes with the iPhone. If you hold the pause button the sound comes through correctly which indicates that the wires are crossed in the adapter.
9880	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	These were not as described. They were more of a universal size and didn't fit my screen properly, also didn't stay attached for long and had to be replaced
- Two extra cables on for android and one as an extension.
I accidentally hung up quite a few calls before I got used to the switch, but once mastered it becomes second nature.
I would recommend this, but if you are looking for something for just the car, there are many car speaker accessories out there just as equally priced to this.

My biggest issue with the phone is the keys.  My thumbs are too big to type accurately, so typing a 100 word email sometimes takes much longer than it should.  I have been using Tmobile's SideKick for a while and it's ALOT easier to type on the SideKick.
8596	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is perfect
403	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	ok

Cons- Not desktop compatible. No easy way to synchronize contacts. Not enough onboard memory. There is no excuse for not having a lot of built in memory due to the prices of flash memory now. Both of these problems are easily taken care of by simply using the external memory to ferry data from desktop to phone but I am getting tired of companies not using the available tech to solve my problems out of the box. One other problem that's mildly annoying is that the phone cannot sit flat on a table because of the "hump" for the camera lens cover.... so if you sit the little guy on a table and try to use the keyboard, its rocks and slides around. While this is a surprisingly recurring irritation, it's still a petty complaint.
I was really excited to try the weBoost Drive 4G-S Cell Phone Booster Kit. We live in a small town, and live a ways out of city limits. There are several places where signal is low enough to drop a call or cause Pandora to buffer. It's not a huge deal, but it's mildly annoying and happens on a daily basis.


Paired easily with my Blackjack II, sounds great, good noise reduction, no echo.
Overall I think the unit is excellent and highly recommend it.
2926	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I give it a 5 star due to the quality and of how reliable this product is.
* Address

5153	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It fits snug and is very slim.  I like it! !


5083	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've always wanted a smart phone, but could never justify the multi-hundred dollar price tag and wasn't interested in something so big.  But the Centro is small enough for a jeans/pants pocket without sacrificing features or affordability.  I still wish the Centro was smaller, especially thinner, and it would be nice if the screen were bigger and the keys were moved to the screen (like the iPhone or HTC Touch). But I understand that these things would all increase the price of the device too, so I'm not complaining.  The Palm OS doesn't look very flashy, but it's responsive, dependable, and supported by a huge library of available software.


3564	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good
I was worried that the picture would possibly be reversed and it wouldn't fit the way it shows in the pic, but it is exactly the way it shows in the picture...it even has the little Motorola "M" on it.  Solid, quality piece of equipment to make my life easy.  Go ahead and get it if you are looking for a MINI USB (not MICRO) and are trying to route the wires you have on your device in a different direction.
Love the functionality this item gives to products and services I already had.



5910	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It was a very good bought. I like it a lot.
The magnets that are used to attract the earbuds and keep them secure are very strong, so strong that the glue that sticks the metal tips to the plastic came undone. So now I must re-glue the metal tips to the "collar" so that the earbuds stay connected like they should.
Cons:


The Motofone F3 is just a phone and text messenger. it uses an E-INK display, that you now are seeing in products like the Amazon Kindle and others, so the idiot who says "it isn't color" fails to notice the obvious.
Pros:
4242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm left-handed and placed this case on my right hip because that's where it intuitively belonged. I liked the case but was aggravated that I had to disconnect the headset to put it into or take it out of the case. It was also not possible to access the volume control without removing the iPhone at least partially from the case. It finally dawned on me after a few days that the solution to this was to place the phone in the case "upside down," or flipped head to foot. But I didn't like the headset cable emerging from the "back" of the case so I finally relented and started wearing it on my left hip. It's just SMOP (a small matter of programmer) to get used to wearing it on the left side rather than the right.
4241	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	the leather wrap on the belt clip has worn out. now the metal belt clip shows and the worn out leather pieces are unmanageable. now I'm looking for a new one. otherwise the case was quite functional.
9207	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP 500 by IMAX Power is the best protable battery you can buy.  I got one and it malfunctioned and the company quickly shipped me a replacement.  The customer support and service is top notch. I would not hesitate to buy anything from them.  The battery charges my Motorola Droid in about 1.5 hours.  Unbelievable. The IMP 500 still has hours of charges left after charging my Droid and iPod Touch.  It is so easy to use and looks great too.  Compact and easy to carry. The cable and the connectors are excellent too. If you need a portable battery, this is the one to buy.
Battery uses USB connection port, so be sure to have charging cable that charges your phone/device.

I sold it at auction and bought the 510, and it seems a bit more comfortable, and also produces less background noise in the car.  however its a bit bulkier.
- Laser Pointer & Torch (I prefer simplicity...but I'm sure this can fall under PROS for others.)
Yes, as some reviewers have pointed out, it will not fit if you already have another case or "skin" on the phone already.  However, I'm not sure why you would need those if you plan to carry the phone in this case.  This offers great protection.  It they had made this large enough to fit a phone with one of those on it, it would be way too loose for a bare phone.
6582	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When I saw this product I had no idea that it was manufactured by a veteran company named Wilson Electronics. Little did I know that they had changed their name to weBoost, mostly to consumerize their brand name by making it more intuitive. The "we" still stands for Wilson Electronics, and the addition of "Boost" is there to let the consumer know what they do; "we boost your cellphone signal."
Pros:
7756	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. I have had serveral motorola bluetooth's but this one is the best in every way.
6027	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this product. I have no worry run out battery when I go far. Actually I bought 5200mAh, however was out of stock and New trend offer me 7000mAh instead ! Very happy about it. Good service.
7342	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	MY HUSBAND WILL ONLY USE THIS PHONE. I WAS THRILLED TO FIND A REPLACEMENT FOR HIS OLD ONE.
On to the instrument now. This phone has the following pros and cons (IMHO):
4929	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	its a very good price. but you will find it does nothing.

Then you can charge it in the car with the provided car charger or take it home and use the provided home charger.


1st, it's a Plantronics, which means to me that I can actually HEAR IT when I'm driving.  Being a long time Sprint customer, I have found that many headsets, most notably Motorola's, do not go loud enough to hear while I'm driving.  Plantronics always have.  Plus, the extendable boom mike really makes a difference.  People have commented that the sound noticeably improves when it is extended.

9154	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I've been looking for - and it works fantastically!  Very simple to use after initial 7 hour charge.  It relieves anxiety about my iphone 4 running out of battery power when I can't get to an AC outlet.  I take it on trips and never have to worry about my iphone running out of battery power.  The battery pack also holds a charge:  for example, if I fully charge it before I leave on a trip, it will still retain power after numerous days of non-use, and then I can simply re-charge it.  It's a great price for a very priceless product!

We installed the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster first. The yagi directional antenna was installed at the roof peak and the booster with inside antenna installed next to the TV in the living room. After powering up the unit, this is the coverage we achieved inside the cabin using an iPhone in test mode:

I know this was a long winded review...  but I am so excited this worked so well!  I struggle with taking vacations due my work, and being able to enjoy more time with the family this trip has been priceless.  I wanted to try the more expensive weBoost model (The one that you can mount in an RV), but the price was just to expensive for us right now.  I think the higher end models will provide even better signal and offer more options of device connectivity.
The qwerty keyboard is as nifty as it is handy to use and the screen has nice colorization.  The battery life is really good. I absolutely love the backlighting and 1-touch and voice activated dialing features.  The internet works fine - though I'm too cheap to use it often (LOL).  I do have to confess I've downloaded a ringtone or two (OK, three) as me and my kids really love that feature.  The camera works OK - pictures could be clearer, but then again, I use my digital camera - rarely my phone - to take pictures.

Volume balance is miserable. If the device is set loud enough to hear voice calls, then the voice interface is screechingly loud in my ears. Obviously the reverse is also true. Luckily, the voice interface can mostly be disabled.

In short - I couldn't be happier with the case.  Yes, you would be wise to lock the keypad, but this is a great deal for the price.  Looks fantastic!!
6391	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This unit came right away.
3865	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The shipment was on time, and I am happy with the product. The product was Exactly what I ordered, I would recommend  this item.
3. Keypad is still kind of cramped.
2625	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have never been up with technology.  My friend always had music on his phone and was listening to it all the time.  I wanted to do the same.  Going into this not sure I came out very pleased.  I have a M520 phone and I listen to music all the time now.  It has loud speakers and eliminates background noises.  I haven't quite figured out how to answer the calls because when I hit the button on he headphones my phone freezes up.  I really enjoy them.
Build Quality and Ease of Use


5084	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am switching from a T-Mobile MDA. I just got this phone from amazon with a new 2 year plan from sprint. I got the phone for free as long as I pay my bills on time. I am a big fan of the palm OS. It is a bit old fashioned but very rugged and crisp. The display is small but sharp. I got the vision unlimited data plan, it is nice. It even works in my office building which is a giant old brick building. The palm desktop works on Mac OS X seamlessly. I do not use it for mp3 simply 'cause my iPod beats it in that arena. It fits right in my jeans' front pocket.
Since I don't want to talk on the phone while I'm riding, I just switch off the phone while riding, and switch off the GPS and switch on the phone when I stop riding. Works for me. :)
I'd give it 5-stars if the volume were better/louder and the boom wasn't chromed. (and if it hadn't broken, lol)
2304	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	My wife had this phone for a few days, then all of a sudden, we couldn't get past the 'Verizon screen'!  The system completely 'froze up' to where nothing could get it to operate and perform calls or other functions for which it was made.  We took the phone back dissapointed.  Apparently, judging from other negative reviews online, Verizon is having some issues with some of these phones!  How they can release a product to market without extensive and relevant 'real world' testing is beyond me.  This reminds me of so many 'buggy' and problematic versions of Microsoft 'Windows' being released over the years that made one's computer crash, freeze, etc.!  Anyway, if Motorola perfects the 'MotoQ' in the future, we may look at it again.
At the beginning you might feel that it doesn't sit well on your ear and the speaker doesn't go fully inside your ear so you might think you are actually getting the outside noises into the mix. But after a while, you get the 'hang' of it and you learn how to wear it, bend the loop around your ear (which by the way can be easily exchanged from left to right), and sit comfortably on your ear. People say they hear me clear and very well. I hear them clear as well (although the tin can effect is still there, but that really isn't bothering me at all).
Craftsmanship is excellent, stitches are very well aligned as well as opening for USB connection. It fits perfectly on my Razr. I looked at all available Razr cases before I bought this and realized I made a good decision.
Bluetooth music? I guess that could be useful if Pandora worked better on my phone, but it is much easier just to stick your mp3s on a usb stick or ipod.

It works perfectly with my blackberry function that detect the magnet on the holster to block its keyboard and the holstered distinctive ring tones. The swivel function allows for 180 degrees rotation to place it in the most comfortable level.

6654	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We were lucky enough to have a tall pole in our yard to mount this on. I think it's going to work out fine.


Here is the bottom line, if you want to take this unit outside of your office/home/any quiet environment, you will NOT be able to hear the other person even if the environment is moderately noisy (this is at unit's highest volume). I was using this in the car, and I can hear faint at best when the road is good, but when you pass through slightly patchy freeway, the other person's voice is completely drowned. The speaker's maximum volume is just completely unacceptable. By the way, this experience was inside a luxury car, not a cardboard car. I am not sure the reason behind this design, could be to improve battery life?
NO QWERTY: The T9 is both predictive *and* teachable. After a short while, you'll teach it most of the odd words you're going to use. I can key in my name by touching the same amount of keys as I would on a QWERTY, but w/o the range of motion and the bulk of a QWERTY.

2. Other person has no trouble hearing me

*Speaker quality could be clearer while listening to music or while on speaker phone but it is not bad.
7637	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received the item that I ordered very timely. Item was all it was reported to be. Very satisfied with my purchase, and highly recommend the Jawbone Headset to everyone.
Frances E. Priester


<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-Mobile-Phone-Tools-4-0-for-all-Motorola-Phones-Motorola-Retail-Packaging/dp/B000EYTBOS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola Mobile Phone Tools 4.0 for all Motorola Phones [Motorola Retail Packaging</a>]


7785	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It actually works!  I can hear clearly and it connects and disconnects with ease....Buy this headset.  Just wish it came with a car charger? Works on 2 phones and thats a real plus for me.
 D. With Nokia, Siemens and others you can transfer WAV, MIDIs,
5516	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	recomiendo al 100 % confiable y responsable . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1)  Large Keypad.  This is the biggest thing I miss about switching over was the huge keypad that could be used.  And if you didn't want to open up that feature you could easily bring up a "keyboard" on the screen and use your stylus to do your typing.  I'd say I used both typing methods about 50-50.
628	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It is what it is. A necessary evil. I've had these fail over time from plastic fatigue, but they do work mostly. The drawback is when they fail your GPS goes flying down the road bouncing on the pavement, dirt or whatever.  I started teathering it to the bike so at least if the mount fails it doesn't go flying to who knows where.


2835	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great case  sorry that the zune is no longer made but a great case to protect the zune i have
==============

8477	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good short range radio.
This is a great mount and keeps the unit from sliding in all situations.  I do off roading and it still doesn't move.  I have a Nuvi 360 and use it in a Tacoma.  It truly rocks and is easy to remove and keep in my console with GPS still attached when not in use.

3634	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	FITS PERFECT, STAYS ON PHONE, CAN USE ALL PORTS, GOOD QUALITY, LOVE THE COLOR ESPECIALLY AND AT A GREAT PRICE........THX
The compact and durable design makes it convenient to charge your battery while home or on the go.
* The price is very reasonable for a headset with these advanced features.
I recommend the headset... but the latest version!!!
The verizon phone also went to 5 bars.
The USB holds cables in a well sturdy way.  I can let the battery dangle by itself at the end of a USB cable while holding an Iphone without the battery falling off.  Very useful when leaving it in a bag/purse that it will not disconnect when shuffling around.

1) Size - easily pocketable
Overall, we are pleased with the results of this Signal Booster on our individual 3G compatible phones.  We are now able to make and receive calls in our basement, which is something we both had trouble doing in the past.  The only drawback is the amplifier's range - maybe 15ft max (hard to measure because of the walls in our basement).  However, this product is marketed as a desktop amplifier rather than a whole house amplifier (Wilson Electronics does manufacture a whole house amplifier system), so my expectations were that this product would have a limited range and I had to plan for the most optimal location for the interior antenna.



2. it could use a little less plastic and more aluminum to give it a more solid feel
Using the authentic OEM brand will ensure your phones warranty is never voided!

charging materials.
8705	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received a refurbished 8310 from ATT and the trackball barely moved. Instead of sending it back and waiting for a new one, I wanted to find a replacement trackball. Most sites had them for $20 - $60. Then I found this one on Amazon. I figured it was only $10 in case I got burned. But WirelessFinest came through! The trackball looks and feels brand new and it was delivered in 2 days! Highly recommended.
388	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A very nice case that fits perfectly around my phone! Very soft to the touch, but durable and strong enough to protect your phone from any damage. It's protecting my phone in style!
700	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good customer service. never any issues. great about upgrades. Simple and Easy to get and new phone mailed and have simple instructions on how to setup your new phone.
3124	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	At less than a dollar per sheet, you can afford to treat them as disposable and not be too upset if they fall off or lose their ability to stay on that long. What sells the screen protectors for me is that they come with a grid on the backing so you can easily measure and quickly cut to match the size of the LCD you're protecting. If you want something more permanent, then go with Invisible Shield or Best Skins Ever. But for the price and their versatility, they're well worth it.
8636	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The EtyBLU is amazing!

1771	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you've ever owned any of the other FreeSpeak series headsets, you will love the BT500.  It's thinner and lighter than its predecessor, and there's no loss of functionality between the BT250 and the BT500.  Everything that you came to expect with the BT250 is there with the BT500.  It surprises me to see the amount of reviews from people who say the BT250 was awesome but the BT500 is somehow so horrible.
Add to that what others have said about the unit getting hot (really hot) and forget it. What a waste of money. So glad Amazon takes such good care of their customers so that I don't have to sweat about this. I'm shocked that there are reviews on this product with people saying it actually makes some kind of difference. Personally, I think it's the placebo effect... they want it to work, so they think it works. In addition to speaking with their technical support, I have a deep knowledge of electronics and I am a licensed amateur radio operator. Trust me when I say, don't waste your money on this hype... it's nothing but a gimmick.
5311	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bought this for a birthday gift. i was soooo pleased with its sturdiness and looks. she was wowed. lovely to look at
Pretty much same as H710 but older model.  Great voice quality, battery life etc..  I bought this for $17 in bulk packaging from some online store couple of weeks back and I love this compared to H710
The product was easy to install

Sound Quality - This is really the top area to question with a headset. I'm happy to report that this headset delivers nicely in this area. I am able to use less than the max volume setting in most cases which is definite progress over the other headsets I have used. On the other end, it is important that you don't have the volume louder than you need it because otherwise people hear an echo of themselves due to the close proximity of the speaker to the microphone. However, I have found the echo to be less of an issue than it is on the HS850.

I've purposely stress-tested it in some pretty noisy situations.  First of all, my own vehicle.  I have an older car, and it seems to pick up all of the outside noise there is, even with my windows up.  If it is raining, my callers could hear the rain on the windshield when using other headsets.  When a semi drove alongside my car, the noise of the big truck distracted my callers from our conversation.
310	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This sacrifices water resistance.  I wasn't aware of that fault.

6322	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great
7432	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this headset for my wife.  However, I have used the same model for over 1 year.  I rate it as an excellent little gadget.  I use my cell/mobile phone as my only phone (no land line).  However, my arms get uncomfortable and numb after holding the phone in talking position for even short periods of time (Ulnar nerve compression).  Using this earpiece, I do not have to worry about my arm getting numb.  Better yet, I have my arms free for safer driving, carrying groceries, typing, cooking, etc.
* This phone has excellent reception
1246	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This Bluetooth is MUCH MORE comfortable than my old one.  People that I talk to can't even tell that I'm on the device.  The only reason that I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it's a little bulky, but you can't beat the price!
One button - Accidently keep on turning on the laser pointer when meaning to turn the unit on/off
If I want to switch from cell phone to laptop, I have to complete turn off the cell phone bluetooth radio, which means the Blackberry loses all of its blutooth connections (including bluetooth synching to PC and modem use).  If I want to switch from laptop to Blackberry, I have to either turn off my entire laptop (it doesn't have a bluetooth radio off option), or remove the Z9 device from the bluetooth profile completely, which means I have to reinstall it from scratch again the next time.
- Phone feels weak and flimsy to the touch.  If you drop it, you can kiss your new phone goodbye.

7982	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Palm Centro is one of the very few smartphones that can fit in your pocket and still deliver quality power features.  However, it has a few minor drawbacks.
It still works, and it still gives you a little bump, but just be aware that if you have low-e glass, you might want to look for other options. For us, this just isn't that great.
** Updated **
Overall very happy with this phone and will probably keep for a while (which is saying something for me)

7405	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Item arrived cracked at the hinge so I sent it back and went on using my otterbox. I have a pelican backpack no problem with that this seemed to have just been a bad seller.
Obviously some tradeoffs of functionality, size and capacity depending
Volume levels are good and the weight isn't bad.


7274	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like it
4312	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great product, compact and clear. Earpiece is a bit stiff but everything else about it more makes up for that
4) The best mount is outside on the roof, but most home installs will require a 50' cable which will result in some signal loss
361	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I wanted to give this charger another chance (3rd chance), so at 10:42 AM MDT I plugged my phone into it. It was at 86% charge. It's now 11:40 AM MDT and I'm at 98% charge. An hour to charge 12%? My regular charger charges my phone to 100% when it's at 30% in 20-30 minutes. To charge 70% with this charger would take 6 hours!!!!
The adjustable clips are a bit snug with the phone case on, but not a problem, really.

Then I considered Aliph's Jawbone, some other plantronics models and finally landed on Motorola models. While reading the reviews, though there are other models in motorola like 715, 721 etc., this model 710 released earlier seem to have got best comments. ONce I got it, I am very pleased to use this considering my bad experience with other headphones:
of it's quirks. Being able to charge via usb is one and, with


3127	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the only screen protector I use on phones, hand-held games, Ipods, cameras, etc.  Cut to size for anything!
1839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My 5th cell phone in 7 years, this one isn't bad. Average bttry life, good reception, fairly quick processor and the Bluetooth works well in my Acura TL.  But oooh that LCD in bright light simply vanishes!  The keys are small and even with smallish hands I often hit more than one key. The speaker function is loud enough, but the clarity drops of as volume increases such that by the time you can hear it...you can't understand it!  A tactile bump on the send and end buttons would have been a nice touch.
Cons: Can cause a glare in bright areas, extremely hard to attach without some sort of bubbles on the edges. (though I was able to get it right)
After a couple weeks the stitching around the belt clip continued to unravel, and there is a design flaw in the belt loop (the loop is actually a two layer loop where the inside layer allows you to wear the phone on its side, and the outer loop, which is sewn on top of the inner one, supports the clip and allows you to wear the phone upright) that makes the holster hang too loose to allow vibrations from the phone to be felt by the wearer.  The vibrator in the Note 2 phone is already way too weak, so when the holster design doesn't allow for efficient transfer of the vibrations you might as well have your phone set to silent because you'll never feel a call coming in.  I have to manually check the phone every few minutes to see if any calls or texts came in, and I can't count the calls that I've missed since using this holster.  I tried re-stitching the clip and outer loop directly to the case (basically got rid of the loops), and while that helped a lot it's a lot of trouble to go through.
3011	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent item and IS an official blackberry case. for the price this can't be beat!
1987	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Used for iPhone 4 and 5. Looks great in our Jetta (black interior). I don't even take it off, it blends well with the dash and doesn't get in the way of the cup holders.
It comes with a usb micro cord and a second adapter cord for charging a Samsung Galaxy tablet.
The seller even tried to get to recall this negative comment and promised a refund.  NEVER RECEIVED A REFUND.
5640	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works but costs way too much.
The phone has several nifty features, including a 2 megapixel camera that takes good-to-very-good quality pictures. It can also function as a video camera, doing both sound and image. There's no flash or self-portrait mirror, but you can make do. The screen acts as a view finder, of course. There's also four different levels of zoom and several different video effects (like black and white, negative, false color, etc). There's a nifty little mini-USB port you can use to move your files to a computer (assuming you have a cable. Thankfully the phone comes with one).
3090	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have to confess that this is the first PDA cell phone that I've purchased even though I work in IT for a living.  I've resisted the crackberry for as long as I possibly could.  But no more...
1406	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is good
We ended up keeping the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster due to the higher data rate and better name brand but the zBoost YX545 would have been acceptable for our use as well. Neither unit provided whole house coverage which would have required spending a lot more money to achieve.
5601	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The case is no way resemble to the advertised picture. I bought it because the picture looks nice.
4) Wrap around one more time and tack it again one more time.  You should have wrapped the tape around twice at this point.  If your set was broken completely in two you may want to wrap one or two more times and at a slight angle to cover a little more area.  When done, use some scissors to cut off the tape at a point so the cut end of the tape is at the back.

-music player sounds pretty good
673	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	and I found it to be a great product still. Sold my vehicle that I had it in and regretted not taking it out. But found it here and purchased it for myself and my boyfriends truck. I love this larger size for the truck dash.

Once home, I started looking and there are tons of options out there, but I kept coming across one company in particular - - New Trent.  So, I looked at their website and their Facebook page and signed up for their Newsletter.  A link to it can be found on their website at [...]  During my search for my battery charger I received a discount offer from NewTrent and decided "what the heck, it sure looks like they actively search out and want new customers".

5806	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product...100% recommended
2043	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this bluetooth headset for two main reasons. First, it uses the same charger as both my Motorola Razr and RIM Blackberry 8700C. Secondly the device easily turns on and off each time you extend the microphone.
I don't understand how jabra could go through all the trouble of making this product and then skim on the amplification.
The Cons:
(IMP52D):
2585	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The product itself is great. As others said, no instruction manual is included, but it's pretty standard if you've ever put a screen protector on something before. Take off the side labeled (1), apply that side to the screen, then take off the side labeled (2). It fits my Nintendo DS Lite screens perfectly... Almost too perfectly. I'm not entirely sure how I'm going to get these off if I ever need to replace them. The screen protector certainly took its time getting to me though -- it took over a week to reach me (I've been spoiled by Prime 2-day shipping).
926	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Does the job if you are using this at the gym. They are beer ones out there if you want to spend a little more and get a better pair. Sound is not high at full volume which is my only con.
The Kensington unit has a couple of advantages over similar units, besides just being way cheaper than some of them. Did you notice that remote pictured on the product page? Yep, it's a wireless remote with Play, Forward, Rewind, and call buttons. The whole unit got a lot of bad reviews when it launched because of the iPhone/iPod's crappy Bluetooth stack (no support for skip/rw BT buttons) but they work very well w/any phone with proper A2DP support. I used the kit with a Sony Ericsson dumbphone before upgrading to my HTC EVO.
5051	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This adapter allowed me to use any headphones with my first generation iphone instead of being stuck with only the Apple headphones. What can I say, this item was a life saver.
Cons:
360	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This device works well on my HTC M7.  High quality product.
  I ordered it anyhow because I needed a carcharger,which cost more for carcharger alone at w-- m---. But to my total surprise this a quality product che charger is premium quality in the fact of: snug fit in lighter
I have an old Logitech Mobile Freedom bluetooth headset I purchased nearly two years ago. With the upcoming law that prohibits the use of cell phones without hands-free devices, I needed a 2nd headset for our 2nd car. I figured I could leave a headset in each car and both my wife and I would always have a headset to use regardless of driver or car. I found out that my old headset does not support multiple pairings (Multipoint) and neither does the Samsung WEP410.  At the incredible after rebate price however, I was willing to give it a shot anyways.
4840	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pro: user friendly, no fuss.
2516	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My S5's battery had taken a toll after over year of use. Battery life is not even close to where it was before. With this one though, my battery life increased so much, almost as good as when i got the phone new. Great 2800 mAh Li ion battery which I bigger than the OEM samsung puts in. Overall would recommend. I got this product discounted for my honest review.
Works well and is somewhat noise cancelling, don't believe ANY Blue Tooth
7591	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does what it needs to do.

I returned it immediately, and did not spend much time with other features.  The display is brighter than the older Nokia 2610, although scan lines are occasionally visible.  The menu speed is also slightly improved from the 2610, although still slower than any of the low-price Ericsson models.
This item is definitely worth the money!  I love never having to worry how low my battery is getting because no matter where I am, I can charge it back up.
I called Palm "tech support" on issues I had with it (dial up networking didn't work on internal browser with T-Mobile).  Forgive me for saying it, but the guy at Palm support was as dumb as dumb can be.  I got someone overseas who told me one inaccurate thing after another (he insisted that my Treo 270 never allowed dial up networking with the internal browser -even though I told him first hand that I used it all the time- did he think I was lying to him?).  He knew nothing about the phone and kept deferring to a supervisor, constantly keeping me on hold and it was just a huge waste of time.  After a few calls like this with no resolution I gave up and decided to return the 650.



- strong magnetic locking - VERY strong, really

5618	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is a defective design -- I've gone through many of these, all with the same failure -- the metal tip bends inside the plastic boot at about a 30 degree angle.  This happens during normal use -- plugged into my phone in my car sitting still.
5102	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery life is great! I use it for paintball and hunting. Look for my review on the radios, buy the Trisquares, I have tried many other products and these truly are the best. 1000 yards in dence woods with no problem. The VOX kit here works flawlessly.

4583	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This ear piece have a weak reception ,it don't filter out sounds very well,this is a very poor product disappointed.
Other than the issues I have with powering on the battery pack, the workmanship and quality of this device far surpasses any battery pack I've owned previously. Its also a bargain compared to the other packs I've bought. I would gladly take this, or even 2 of these, over one or 2 of the 10,000mA ones I own. And I've already done this too :)
9138	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This device seems to be working fairly well - at first it was confusing and the manual provided minimal information -
UPDATE 01/09/2012


Long piano hinge for strength.
The flimsy battery door, short battery life, no bundled stereo headphones are the only cons I can think of. And no stereo bluetooth. Hence the 4 stars instead of 5.
While the reception of the 8700g is very good - better than some of the normal phones I've used, it still could be better.  I found it be a tad less receptive than my older Nokia 6101.  This has caused problems as I only get one to two bars in my home.  Most of the time it's OK, other times I get poor reception.  That never happened with the Nokia.
I dumped it for the 12 south bookbook.  love it
1701	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excelent
Great product

9338	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	i bought this device due to the database capability where i could copy and paste into the notes field.
6. Suprising battery life, which is a good thing, given the battery is not user replaceable.
8654	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Too bulky & feels plastic like, not rubbery. Not worth it, the phone is a POS as well. Waste of money.

1. Kinda too bulky to put in your pants pocket without looking like a dork ("is that a Treo 650 in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?")
  Just like every decent man in the first world my wife's phone is better than mine. Her phone is a new i-Phone and boy does it shine. However this means I have TWO sides I need to protect with this product. I saw in the picture that an I pod touch was shown as an item that this product could protect. However this product is WAY too small for the i-phone 4 which is nearly the same size as an I-pod touch. So I'll call false advertising on this one.

221	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thank goodness I read the reviews and was aware of how to plug it in.  What is nice about this is that it also fits my sons phone.  I have a Galaxy Note 3 and he has a Galaxy S4.  We can share one cord when traveling.  Yay!  Can't comment on the speed at which it charges.  Have not needed to use it yet.
1125	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love this.  it works as designed and it is easy to use.  it does provide a lot of light to sleep next to, so when friends stay in the spare room, we have to cover it with a towel.
6326	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent phone case, strongly made, highly recommended. Very God design & construction
As long as the phone can still dial and make calls, I am just hanging on to it hoping to return it if it ceases to work because it has warranty on it.
The thing seems to hold charge for ever - I haven't had to recharge it in two weeks.
6947	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Many people would want to avoid this product for fear of cheap quality related to the price.  This would be a mistake.  The film feels very a little thin at first but offers very good protection for the price.  I would not recomend testing the protection by dragging your keys across the screen, but it fairs well in the pocket.  Another pleasant surprise was the ease of installation.  The procust came with a lint cloth which removed any trace of lint and dust from the screen.  I have had screen protectors in the past where it was impossible to remove all the bubbles, but this one applied with minimal bubbles to begin with and they smoothed away easily.  I can say this is one of the best protectors I have purchased
8510	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-FreePulse-Wireless-Headphones-Headphones-behind-the-neck-wireless-Bluetooth-2-0-EDR-black/dp/B000KKKQ0O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech FreePulse Wireless Headphones - Headphones ( behind-the-neck ) - wireless - Bluetooth 2.0 EDR - black</a>&nbsp;for several years, and recently I bought an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Insignia-NS-2V17-Sport-2GB-Video-Bluetooth-MP3-Player/dp/B001L47PE8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Insignia NS-2V17 Sport 2GB Video Bluetooth MP3 Player</a>&nbsp;to use with them since the adapter that plugs into non-bluetooth mp3 players had broken. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the new MP3 player, so I decided to buy these headphones, and I have been pleasantly surprised with them. They are more comfortable to wear than the Logitechs, and they seem to sound better as well, at least with the books on tape I usually listen to. I love having play/pause and back/forward controls on the headphones so I can leave the MP3 player in my pocket.


Uses micro-USB connector and it is very hard to insert the charger cable.
4349	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little adapter/charger worked PERFECTLY with my iPod Shuffle. I highly recommend this product.

Before the booster Ping 1005, download speed 90 upload 110 kbps
2752	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT BATTERY , GOOD VALUE ...
Distance, any further from my hip and it would get more statis, about 2-4 ft it is good, beyond that, forget it.  Considering the price, no complaint about that, my hip to my ear is all I need.
2665	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this Product! Arrived quickly. Will order again! Thx seller!
I am not giving one star but two as a guy called Jairo of Sony Ericsson's technical support staff was very friendly and kind.  I will have to send the phone to Sony.  Pretty bad for such an expensive item.
Fits nicely with iphone 4. I have been using this for almost 4 months and both the belt loop broke but the belt clip still in good shape and i just sew the belt loop back for added support. Thinking of buying again and reinforce the belt loop with a pants belt loop just to see if it will last longer or i'll go back to the flea market hoping to find the one i use that lasted for a year.
Volume (ear and speaker) is pretty incredible, I actually have it slightly more than half way because it can get too loud - which is a good thing.
Not really sure that $78 + installation + where do I put the wired microphone = worth not having to wear an earpiece.
But it

battery life has been pretty decent, but what is awesome is the standby time. i rarely make calls and I get over a week on standby (in area with a strong signal). If you hold the phone by the bottom, the signal does not get lower.

On the downside, the sound is a bit tinny (metallic, thin, and harsh).  But perhaps that's what you get for the price.  And I do find it annoying that it takes a different kind of charger tip from my Razr, and Moto includes only the car charger with this package.
It is faster and satisfying to cut the old way. I odered 5 pieces of it (5x3 =15)and it would take me awhile to finish it off. I wasted 2 already in my initial application. The first was trash-out cause it would not stick for re-alignment. The second, I used a wet napkin to remove the dried paste and it not only leave scratches on new screen protector but the dried paste can't be removed at all. The more I attempt to remove the dried paste, the bigger the area it spreads its sticky mess.

I bought the second one for my friend.
5185	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE TO THE REVIEW BELOW:
Would order again & recommend to friends.
for me, that is the most important aspect of "good BT headphone."
1466	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have used the Plantronics Voyager 510 BT headset for over a month and can say I am very pleased with the sound quality--both outgoing and incoming--it sounds like I'm right beside the person with whom I am talking. I often use it outdoors, in the car, and in the house and so far it performs quite well in all those areas.  I get the best results when I have my cell phone on me or am within  10 feet of my phone.  If I get out of range when NOT talking on it, it will beep to let me know and beep again a different tone when I re-enter the accepted range (approx. 30 feet). When I AM talking on it, the static will increase until I get back within that 10 feet or so.  Since I live in a poor reception area, I usually need to set my cell phone in an area where I can pick up a signal, and the Voyager 510 allows me answer away from the phone--at least until I can get to closer range for best reception.
3207	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Does nothing. Did not and any noticeable change. I have used it for some time.  The only time it does anything is if it's on your phone.
If you ask me, this phone is a good buy. It's thin and it beats paying $80+ for the cheapest t-mobile phone.

3407	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	i plugged it in and image has noise. I used the regular video cable that came with the WII and all is fine. You will have to return it so don't waste your time.

What's really nice is that still have left-over pieces to this set that I can do another repair job in the future (as long as I remember where I stowed these pieces!).



6124	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very convenient to charge my Apple phone & mp3 player. No hassle compact design and a large capacity charger. No need to look for electrical source to charge my devices.
This device is a total waste

dual charging. Going that route, I assume, increases the size of the

5123	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this item and was very disappointed because this is not the cable I was looking for.  It fits the RAZR V3, not RAZR2 V8/V9.  The connector is mini USB, much larger than the advertised micro USB.  Beware.
I am happy with the adapter, I can get more out of my iphone.
1616	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My chihuahua rates this headset a 5 for flavor. Three so far. Apparently very, very tasty!
This phone runs circles around almost anything you'll come in contact with. The best part (to me) is that it's feature-packed but stealth, tasteful, compact, sturdy and doesn't shout "trend follower".
2384	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second head set and I love it. Voice reception is great, no dropped calls, no static. You may have to experiment with the ear ring to find the best fit. There are lot of fake ones in the market. Make sure that you get one with Samsung retail box.
The product packaging was adequate
--Given the big screen and tactile keys, viable as a websurfing device, also because...

672	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Big! Its a decent size. More than decent. Works as expected. Holds my galaxy note in place just fine. Plenty of space for exta things
1815	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love this case fit my phone perfect and of course my favorite color

5980	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After browsing through all kinds of portable battery chargers, I chose the New Trent iTorch battery charger. Not because it starts with an "i" but it looked attractive and ultra portable. It is a little heavy, but it was expected with a 5200 mAh battery. The day I received it, it came with more than 75% charge, which I used on a dead HTC one. After giving it a full charge, it was still not off, working like a hero! I like how the indicators show you how much charge is left on the device. Plus it comes with a USB cable which you can use to charge it and then to charge your phone. You can just put it in your pocket with your phone while charging it and you won't even know it's there! I don't really use the laser and flashlight on it but it's a must have while you're out camping or just when you need to use your phone without having to worry about a dead battery.

Overall, much improved over Moto's previous efforts, and a fantastic bargain, even at the full retail price, considering I paid over $50 for both my S9s and S10s.  Good on you Motorola!  Great product!
i would buy this unlocked phone again.
7454	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
2444	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is exactly what I wanted. The picture on Amazon doesn't show the nifty clip on the back side. Occasionally it dials the phone on accident but it doesn't happen as much as it did without it!
7648	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought two of these and they are good for one single use.  They made the 8.5 road trip and the ear bud feel apart when we arrived.  I used the second one of the way home and the sound only came out of one ear bud.

* Monthly fees associated with true turn-by-turn navigation software. The GPS does work great with BlackBerry Maps and Google Maps for location. Not quite the same as Telenav.
Cons:
Audio would then come and go, by briefly moving the cable.
8513	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, watch out for the compatibility issues on the different chargers.  Make sure your charger works with the blue dot tips.


8408	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great
- areas for improvement - despite all the hype about the industrial design and slick look, this is the bulkiest headset I have ever used. It has to be to house all the microphone elements used for noise management. But the squarish cover plate seems to be pure appearance choice. I think it would be somewhat nicer if the cover was rounded and trimmed to fit the main electronics housing.  Perhaps engineering design requirements dictated the overall bulk of this unit. I can live with it because I certainly would not want to give up the excellent audio and noise management.
6450	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So... I waited for the iPhone to go 3G.  I was even willing to pay for a data plan I did not need, then I found out it's going to cost even more.  I bought this unlocked Nokia instead and kept my cheap voice plan only.  So far I'm very happy with my decision.

Overall i really feel like i got suckered into the hype of this phone and it really isn't any different from all the other smartphones out there. I've had this phone for about 10 months. I wouln't reccommend purchasing this phone but if it was free or [...] with contract then it might be a good choice.
He is always crawling under vehicles, working in grease and dirt, and sometimes has to perform vehicle repairs on the side of the road in the rain. Needless to say, we needed a rugged headset. =)


For a total of [...] bucks plus shipping, I'm willing to be a little careful!  :)
8179	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good thanks
 External display: 96x80 pixels 4k color CSTN CLI
You set up the indoor part where ever you want to have your cell phones signal amplified at. An office or living room makes a good location since you want to use a place where your okay with anyone going there to make cell phone calls, and also you want to use a room with a coax cable. If you set it up in a bedroom, you'll find everyone (including guests) will have to go in there just to use the phone.
Latches stays closed tightly.
I wish they had made it easier to fold and put in a pocket (and also that it shut off easily like some of the Moto models). Also note that if you use the little foam tip for the mouthpiece, it can fall off way too easily.
6819	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good.
1481	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using it for about a week and it is very easy to use. I am using it with an Axecom VOIP phone system and it's incredibly easy. Just plug it into the the headset jack on the bottom and you go.
6428	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It charges cell phone while it is connected to laptop for broadband access, & charges the spare battery:  It does what it says.
1036	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great and Simple Meter.  Every Heart Patient need one.  It has solved a couple medical problems for me.
- GPS unreliable
6610	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I went from no signal to two and three bars on my cell phones.  Very good product.


1802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	There are more expensive preamps out there, but this one does it's job well and I haven't had any complaints or odd noise coming through it. Great for the money.
8568	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works for the Blackberry Storm and any other device that uses a micro USB port.


4443	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good

9490	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Its operation is fair at best.  You have to be pretty close to the antenna  to get bars.  I really don't think its worth the price.
4481	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	You can't really compare this headset with any other headset because as far as I know there isn't another headset like it. With this headset you can use it as stereo or unplug the wire and hang it on one ear like a standard headset. It is A2DP or whatever those letters are that mean it controls your phone from the headset if your phone has those features.
First off, the design of it looks a bit off-putting.  It uses military-grade noise reduction technology and the look of the headset makes me believe that this particular headset may have been originally intended for such use.  It's not exactly the most attractive headset out there - definitely not the most feminine.
3. Voice dialing!!! Wow, this worked first time right out of the box. Click the left dedicated button, wait for it to initialize and I said "call home" and boom, it responds "home calling" and soon my home phone is ringing. No "training" it to learn my voice or anything.
2894	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This really has helped my family out. It used to be that we had to step outside on the deck to talk on our phones, and place them next to a window to get them to pick up enough of a signal to even ring. Now, we have a good enough signal to talk throughout our mobile home. I usually received only one bar or no bars outside and frequently lost calls while sitting on my deck. We used to joke that the wind was blowing in the wrong direction. Verizon came out and determined that we live in a 'Marginal coverage area' and this was basically the best we could expect from them. I thought that I would give this product a try before I tore out my hair.
8052	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love these cases; I bought it for my grandson and he is happy with it; said it helps protect his new phone, esp since he is subject to dropping it a lot.
7768	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-Bluetooth-H710-Headset-Retail-Packaged/dp/B000WJ8P38/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola Bluetooth H710 Headset [Retail Packaged</a>]
My daughter uses her pink bluetooth a lot and has used it successfully all over the country.  One tip for success with these little guys; give them a month to really become acclimated and keep both the blue tooth AND the phone charged up for the best service.
  error to get used to.

pros:
6926	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very inexpensive exact replacement for my 2007 and 2008 Subaru remote control batteries. do you know what they charge in Subaru service dept to change out this battery? $15-$24/remote!?! robbery!


Overall, I am very satisfied with the IMP52D iTorch external battery. It works well, has nice little bonuses with the inclusion of the LED and the laser pointer as well as the bag with included cables. Very reasonable price for what is provided, I would go so far as to state that the it is under priced for all of the features it offers.



259	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap, don't waste your money, fell apart and damaged phone.
6642	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product worked great in my dads's apartment. My parents live in a brick build where cell service is bad no matter what the carrier. Outside the building the signal is strong for most carriers but inside terrible. I usually get 1 bar to no bars with numerous drop calls on ATT.  Now I get three bars and no drop calls. I use the suction cups on the window to hold the device and it was enough to improve the signal. Setup was not that difficult and the instructions are clear. Now mind you one must have a good signal outside first as the device just boost the signal inside. If you have no signal outside this product won't help you inside. Im glad I purchased it.
(-) May not last for multiple uses as the port connector on the cable may eventually break over time.

5240	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The station works great for many of our electronics and hides the unsightly cords. Would recommend.
The included led flashlight and laser pointer are an added benifet as well.  Haven't had a chance to use the laser pointer other then to play with my dog (he loves chasing it on the floor) but the led flashlight already came in handy on a couple occasions.



8941	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's been a while, my wife is using this backup battery, she uses it mainly to recharge her iphone.

- Screen is unprotected. There isn't a rim around the screen edges or any other type of protection for keeping the face of the phone from getting scratched. To do my best in keeping the screen protected, I've attached the phone to a lanyard and have been wearing it around my neck since the day I got it... and yet there are still a couple of small scratches already. I hope there will be a way to easily replace the face, because I'm sure even the most careful person will have scratches all over the place in less than a year.
Test#3 charged 50% on an IPAD 2
7494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fixed my problem.
8358	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The unit works boosting weak cell phone signals.

5111	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Callpod's Dragon Bluetooth Headset does it all. After having used everything in existence from the Jabra to the Jawbone--and the Motorola(cough) to the Nokia... None have the distance, the configurability (two simultaneous connections) or the talk or standby time that this baby does. More often than not, I have mine connected to my Blackberry (for phone-usage) while playing multiplayer games on my PS3. All I have to do to answer a phone call in mid-game is press the center button--and Voila! Telephone on... Call ends? I'm back to the game without a button push.
4272	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is not only an excellent bluetooth speaker for the car, I am using it as a bluetooth speaker for my office as well. It is small and light, great sound quality and good battery life. I actually got two units - one for the car and another I put in my backpack as a portable, anywhere conference call speakerphone with the metal clips removed. It is so light that I barely notice it in my backpack.


So, my recommendation is that you try before you buy.
I can throw my phone into my travel bag and not worry.  I have dropped my phone twice since having this case, and I can't even find a mark where the case hit the ground.  OtterBox for the win!


The cord feels flimsy. The plastic used on the cord and ends feels very rubbery. From my own experience with iPhone cases made of similar material, I suspect this cord with discolor and/or become dirty beyond cleaning if it doesn't break before that.

It's great.  If you need a bluetooth handsfree for your car this thing is the way to go.
531	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	so far it has not helped my signal strength at all. I still have no signal




8509	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the Pantech C810 Duo several weeks ago. My observations are:
1683	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The phone front screen stopped working and the phone didn't seem to have a good reception.  It was a refurbished phone and I wonder if it wasn't put back together well.  I have had to spend money to fix the phone.  I am very disappointed with it.
2) you need to switch the TV input to use the component inputs
Easy to use
2584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good. Hard to get off without scratching the screen.
-Looks awesome.

1492	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The last bluetooth device I owned had poor reception. The sound quality on this device is clear enough to hear in my car with the windows down. I would recommend to anyone.  Great ear piece!
Screen is nice and clear and readable in the brightest of sunlight (unlike my old Slvr/Razr).
2909	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this earpiece for my wife to use. When we talk it's clear and fits snug to her ear which is a plus so she can do whatever and not have worry about loosing it.
237	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Product charges as described but the plastic quality is suspect, piece broke off-still works but workmanship and materials you get what you pay for. Did drop it once, phone okay but next drop not too sure.
RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX, PLUG N UPLOAD SUM JUICE ...


9504	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very nice
3456	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It serves it's purpose, but I guess it could have been better. here are my pros and cons
I would definitely order this case again; in fact I would NOT order any OTHER case. It's perfect for me. Even has a nylon "loop" on the side to attach something else or put in a pen, in my case reading glasses :-) This is a terrific buy.
666	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This works great in my vehicle to keep my phone handy!
1091	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks for a smooth transaction. Great product, highly recommend!!

* The camera is pretty good too. The LED flash is very bright and allows for a decent photo in low light. Full Screen view finder is a nice plus. There is even a little mirror on the back for self portraits.
OEM sent a counterfeit fake battery --- not OEM. How can you tell? Because Motorola OEM batteries are made in Japan. These say clearly that they are made in china. I had the same problem and returned the same battery from Wireless Phone Accessories and Batteries4Less.

Sometimes it just locks up and freezes, other times it auto dials your friends, it must be telepathic. Other than all of that, the blue tooth software runs like a charm. Oh and did I mention that even after you unplug the ear peace the phone still tells you that you are using your head set :-)

3860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok but nothing special I really can't say good or bad its just personal preference and this just wasn't for me. It did meet the advertised info.
6974	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Protected my phone while I used it.

1128	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased December 2008. Works exactly as advertised. I like this so much that I ordered another one as backup should mine ever fail.  Unfortunately it's probably wasted money since I don/t think mine will ever fail me!!!
1219	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It takes a bit getting used to adjusting it to your preference and the ear gels are not a perfect fit but the headset is a good one, last a few days off charge and the range is really good. If you can get used to the look and feel of it behind the ear (as I did) then I recommend it for purchase.

I have also been able to use my phone while the screen is on full while listening to Pandora and using GPS on my motorcycle. I have not even come close to running the battery down yet.


-Responsive, dependable Palm OS compatible with a huge software library

 Their product support and brand standards are probably just like their product - substandard and indifferent
4. The battery life can easily last a month even when you are using it almost every day. It comes with an A/C adapter charger and a car charger.
6286	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS PRODUCT. MUCH EASIER TO USE UNSTEAD OF CHANGING INTERNAL BATTERIES ALL THE TIME. USE IT QUIT OFTEN DROID 2 GLOBAL. HAVE CHARGED UP PHONE 4 TIMES AND ALL LIGHTS STILL LIT.  VERY QUICK. LOVE ALL DIFFERENT ATTACHMENTS.  CHARGE MY I PAD AS WELL.
I definitely recommend this device for your Moto Q 9c and other phones.
Works well enough,has lines in the screen but does the job compared to my old broken screen


I only have 1 con to this fantastic device
The power button *is* small and it *is* a tad more difficult to depress than you might want, but then, you won't accidentally turn on or turn off this device because of the way it's designed.  I agree with others -- turn on the device before putting it on your ear, and do the same when you're turning it off.





Oh, and I charged it before the first use. Please charge this device after opening the box and before first use for better performance.
I've had this a little over a year. The battery isn't as good as it used to be, but I still get at least one full GS3 charge off of it.
137	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with my purchase

PRICE:
A bit spotty for Mac OSX users
8062	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The unit works well. It would get a 5 star rating if it had an AC charger rather than the car charger.
-Mp3 Player
As for the Kindle - it has a great battery life, but it is great to have a backup should you forget to charge it. I read about this trick on a Kindle blog - and I bought the USB Sync Charge Cable (for Palm Zire 31 72 Tungsten E) and I now use this adapter cable to connect to the battery pack and it successfully charges my kindle! I love it when I get multifunction out of a unit!
It does not.  The manual does not mention it, and it is obviously not present on the phone.
4818	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice case, not protective... But it's very stylish. Unfortunately it's starting to loosen up and it's making it harder to stay all the way on the phone. I still enjoy the case but I'm not sure it's worth 16$
1349	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is exciting stuff... wooo hooo. I plug the new 3G SIM card in my new Blackberry Bold and yes it works. :)
5766	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The charger looks good and charges the iphone (as long as your computer is awake) but as soon as the computer goes to sleep, the dock begins to DRAIN the iPhone battery.  This is a major design flaw.  I will consider purchasing a new generation Innodock only if they fix this major issue.
Pros:
All in all I love it...voices come through great, and people say I sound good as well.

-Controls are easily accessible during riding.  -pause and skip are on the left, volume up down on the right.
It does take a while to charge, however with how many recharges/power it provides, it is understandable.
*Seamlessly works with the phones voice-dial feature
5330	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife installed this in her 2011 Porsche Cayenne.  It went easily and she commented it was of good quality.  Installation is best with 2 people as it's otherwise awkward in adjusting the height.  I have 2 Samoyeds and one of them is a chewer:(.  So... the knobs were chewed on the first day but they've survived and fortunately my dog seems to have stopped chewing on them.  The barrier works perfectly in keeping the dogs in the trunk area of the SUV.  I also liked that it's not attached to the seats which allow you to occasionally lower the seats to carry skis and/or other big stuff.  5 stars.
6199	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery pack kept my phone and ipod charged during 3 days of no electricity at my apartment(I did charge battery pack at my office in those 3 days)
Fit is a compromise between durability and comfort.  It works, the neck strap is very handy.  It appears durable enough to stuff in my pocket when not in use and the ear clip is free swiveling so I'm not worried about breaking it and having a stash of spares.
1447	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset is reasonable in price and provides the best hearing and talking no matter where I am.  Size does not meam heavy.
Additionally, I love the fact that I can synch my MS Outlook calendar, contacts, address book, tasks, etc. to the Blackberry. (It also has the ability to synch with other PIM programs.) I have mine set to sound an alarm 15 mins before I'm due in a meeting or appt and it has been a life saver. When you are always on the go, it's easy to forget stuff. This Blackberry makes it easy to keep everything in one place. Oh, and surfing the web is a breeze. The display is a nice size and it's crisp and clear and shows almost all websites easily.


187	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's good item and reasonable prices.
and the fit is now better. The sound level is also louder with the better ear fit. Try the mods and see what you think!

6464	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I don't want to add much to already reviewed feautures. I bought this phone in Nov 2007 and till now did not have single problem.
1833	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the RAZR at a local computer store on New Year's Eve and am quite happy with the phone thus far.


- First unit failed (charger, headset buggy) after only 3 weeks use


First of all, this is not a flimsy phone as has been reported.  With two sliding keyboards (much like a magic trick!), it is amazingly solid.  The screen is extremely bright and vivid.  The QUERTY keyboard is small, but way better than a touch screen, however, there is almost no sense of feedback, so you still have to be careful.
The clip is just okay.  Not amazing, since it comes off and can only hold so much pressure.  Not intended for hardcore use .

750	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Based upon the packaging, it's might be some quality old inventory which was purchased for resale. Either way, it's a quality product, not a cheesy piece of junk. The price is right also.
4379	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Holds your phone and cards love it. It's very nice and fits in pocket or purse easily.  You should get one.
7350	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	they send us a phone and the screen does not even come on

1504	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is possibly the best headset ever made from an audio standpoint.  BUT, GIVE ME BREAK PLANTRONICS!!! WHY don't you quit coming out with marginal models and re-design this so that the BTE unit isn't quite so big and especially long?? This model has been out long enough and only needs to be tweeked a little and shrunk slightly and everyone should buy it!!
4. Very good audio quality on receive, with ample volume available.
4092	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Use it daily - much better than the case it comes with out of the box and is fully compatible with blackberry - turning the device (curve) off and on.
In my case my phone had to be just about leaning on the inside antenna to get full bars, even 2 feet away signal would drop significantly, however, this may be a good thing because for one, I can use a bluetooth device, two, if that antenna was amped enough it would be emitting a tremendous amount of microwave RF, and who wants their brain scrambled by that!
3401	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful price. Great deal. Though the Wii is not a high def machine, the addition of this cord makes a very noticeable improvement in the quality of the image. The pictures are sharper, seem a bit quicker, with richer colors. It makes your Wii games look very great!

Overall, this device scores a 5. In my opinion, it's the best handheld out there.
Handy portable reserve power

I had an off version of the Motorola V557 that I have had for well over a year now. I got it free, so I gave it up to a friend who needed a phone badly. I am a cingular customer. I was wanting a new phone anyways and it worked out well.

3)  The battery does not seem to last very long. Since I usually have it turned off, and I only use it for about 20 minutes a week, the battery only lasts about a week.
1817	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price fast shipping fits my phone great love the belt clip


4731	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this headset with high expectations.  I took my time.  I compared and contrasted.  I read all the reviews.  I thought I had made a great purchase.

4. good form factor
2092	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The ability to leave my MP3 music (cell phone) in my gym bag and get a serious workout without disruption is worth the price along. Being on call, it's also important that I don't miss any of those important phone calls. Getting interrupted with a voice announcement of who's calling makes it all worthwhile. After the first use I was hooked. All of my weekday workouts are with my bluetooth stereo headset. As for the weekends, I'm back to the Zune, not because I dislike the headphones, because I need to escape from the phone.






Media player: Sometimes it freezes with other applications running to the point when it freezes and restarts the phone. It happens rarely but it does (with the latest FW version). Sound quality is reasonable although on my phone I hear clicks and pops on the over tones which is weird because I only transferred the songs as MP3 without additional compression to MP4 which is available through the Media Manager.
5649	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iGo charge cords are very useful especially when having different electronic devices to charge in the car, home, office, etc.
This is missing one thing... Wi-Fi.  How could that have been forgotten?!?!  I'd rather use Wi-Fi over Sprint's slow wireless network.

Secondly, (a replacement for the damaged item I had received) - as for the Wilson Cell Phone Signal Booster for Small Home item itself, this item really only boosts about a 400-500 square foot area and I and say square foot because it barely even boosts anything on the first floor (no -- make that:  IS USELESS on the first floor!).  Perhaps Wilson might want to re-label the item "for efficiency apartment "home"  "?  I am working on an alternative solution for the first floor however, I am considering returning this item as well as per false advertising.
5237	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent quality and size.
1318	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits the Motorola Razr V3 like it was specifically designed for it. The elastic top allows you to use the flip functionality of your phone unlike other leather covers that prohibit your phone from closing all the way.
Since it does what is says it will do, I give it four stars, but one star off for being super ugly.
2) Upgrading the firmware is tricky. First you have to load a driver (and fiddle in Device Manager), restart your PC, then hold the VOL+ button, and then while holding connect your bluetooth. Not exactly "plug and play" that an average person would have the patience for.

900	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	One of the best headsets i ever brought
920	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought these as a gift for my wife who just loves them
I'm waiting on the driver to install properly on my laptop so we'll see if that works out, but since I already have the MicroSD adapter anyway, I don't really care for my purposes all that much if it does work or not.  It doesn't seem like it's an issue with the cord anyway.



8093	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had owned a Sony Ericson HBH-DS980 and an HBH-IS700. the DS980 rocked, can't say much for the latter. The BT3030 headset is great because I can workout in it and not worry about it while sweating. My DS980 broke because of the humidity, lol. the headphones that accompany it are garbage but if you get some sony's or skull candy you will be all set. All the controls work and it lasts sometimes longer than six hours. I totally recommend this if you are looking for a headset that is semi-classy while rugged, this would be the headset you take with you on a bike trail or in a conference meeting using the clip(which wasn't included in mine but it's cool).

Getting the earpiece just right to hear your caller may take some practice, but once you find the sweet spot, the calls are clear and the recipients say that the call quality on their end is excellent.
8512	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love the iGo line of tips and chargers.
9960	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my dad since his battery was shot. He was stunned to see his phone still had a full charge after a 4 minute call! lol


Also the phone's mini-sd memory-card reader seems incapable of even recognizing when it has a memory card inserted.
4631	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is a big, roomy case. My phone fits perfectly with some room to spare. The belt clip is not very strong so I improvised by placing a large key ring through both clip holder and the metal loop. The a placed a small  carabiner hook through the key ring. It sounds like a lot but it is a very simple and effective fix.
4723	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I always do research before I purchase something.  I read about the problem with the fit and keeping the ear piece in your ear.  I also read about how great the sound was.  I read the reviews on cnet.com as well as here on Amazon.  Well, the reviews were correct.  The sound was terrific.  The ability to keep it on my ear was the problem.  I even bought the jabra eargels that were recommended in a cnet.com review.  They didn't work.  It was so frustrating that I finally returned the jawbone.  To much of a problem trying to figure out how to keep the jawbone on my ear.  After I returned it, I purchased the blueant z9.  Wonderful earpiece.  Easy to wear and terrific sound!  I highly recommend this headset (blueant z9)!

6119	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Let me start off by saying I love this external battery. The size is smaller than others I have used, and the inclusion of the laser pointer and led are great additions. The one thing that is not clear is how it charges, which is brilliant. It uses a usb to microusb cable to charge the device so it can be charged by basically any modern phone adapter, but the best part is that once charged, the same cable can carried in the case (also a great addition) and then used to charge your phone (assuming it's not a iphone, which would require apple's usb cable). Great quality and good aesthetics.

In addition to the good looks and size the IMP52D charges quickly with a wall charger and does a great job extending the battery in my iPhone. I am in the first duty cycle and finding the IMP52D adds about 1% charge to my iPhone per minute. As expected the IMP52D takes additional time to charge my iPad, but with the extra amperage draw needed to charge the iPad the extra time is not unreasonable.

m2 memory card, though the phone has possibility to support up to 32GB, PSP card is a lot cheaper

4528	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this unit with my new Nokia through AT&T.  It functions as advertised and I would probably have rated it at least as average except for a most unforgivable feature.  The unit has a single rocker switch that is used for turning the unit off, accepting or canceling a call, and redialing the last number called.  So I have TOO MANY times actually redialed the last number when I thought I was turning it off.  I am sure I could receive electroshock therapy to correctly learn the right method, but it is not intuitive.  I use the phone for business so I cannot risk annoying a customer or vendor with this idiosyncrasy.
6866	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality.  Make sure any battery you buy on-line has an experation date!
1281	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been very happy with this headset.  I use it with a Motorola RAZR V3.
5324	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is perfect for my phone.  It is exactly what I expected and it works wonderfully well.  I need no other protection for my razor phone and I am totally satisfied with this cover.  It is real leather and everything came as advertised and brand new.  I give this case and Amazon five stars!

2691	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Junk..don't buy it. Clip broke the 1st day
Overall I'm fairly happy with the 8700c. I miss the five-way joystick: navigating in Google Maps is a bit awkward. (Alt+scrollwheel for side-to-side). The keyboard is OK, but "." should have a dedicated key. I find the phone sound OK, although some people that I call report high noise levels.
The phone would constantly lose cellular reception, and it would not automatically pick up.  I would have to turn the phone on and off.  This alone gives this phone a 0 out 5 stars.  But that's not all.
Quick update.  Perhaps an unforeseen problem is that accessories such as cases, screen protectors, and such have been slow to come along in the market(Should have know this buying a product on release.  You'd figure for $750 they'd give you a screen protector and maybe a microfiber bag).  In addition, not all N95 software works with the N95 8gb.  Both of these issues are very minor and will not be a problem for long.
1. CNET says "speakerphone has slightly squishy buttons". This refers to the volume buttons on top of the unit. I didn't think this would be a big deal, but I noticed that it was hard to know if the volume button was actually pressed. There was no click or anything like that. As a result, the volume button ended up breaking because I was probably applying a little too much pressure. No worries though, Amazon has an excellent product return service and you don't have to pay for the shipping. They ship you a new product immediately and then you have some time to ship the broken product back to Amazon. I received the new speakerphone first and then I shipped the one that broke. Excellent service from Amazon, but remember to keep your box and shipping papers for a little while so that you can use those in case of a return.  I contacted Blueant support, but they were going to make me pay for the return shipping. The moral of this story is to go easy on the volume button, even when you don't notice that the volume is increasing at first.

4607	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awww I collect snowmen, and now I have a snowwoman too! This set is cute.

3754	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product was fantastic for me on a trip from UT to CA. I needed to have USB ability as well as a place for the radar detector and another place to plug in portable DVD players for the kids. This did exactly what I needed it to do. No issues or problems. It comes with an adhesive mounting bracket but I bought a more heavy duty one from a hardware store to make sure it mounted and wouldn't come off in high heat. 5 stars.
The IMP52D is definitely going to be the go to charger in my everyday bag.
4843	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Motorola Bluetooth Model H710 is an ideal piece of equipment. One major advantage that I enjoy about this device is it's unique ability to connect to two completely separate bluetooth phones. I currently have an I-Phone for personal use and must also carry a second phone (Blackberry) for my current occupation. I was able to connect to each phone in just a matter of minutes using the utilities functions on each of the phones. With a distinctive ring tone you can always be sure which phone you are answering.


6810	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great value
Overall, I am impressed and happy with my purchase.
There were plenty of hands-free features. There's a speakerphone, which is loud enough to be used outside, Bluetooth for connecting to a headset or for sending files, as well as voice dialing and commands.  There is POP3 and IMAP4 e-mail support, audio messaging for sending voicemails directly to another cell phone, and USB cable support (I haven't used this yet).
9049	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my Iphone 3G. It seems every day I find something new it can do. But all the function comes with a price - really lousy battery life. The darn thing drains like a sieve when I use wireless - which is a pain as that is often the fastest connection and offers the best flexibility when using all those fantastic Apps.

Speedtests show internet download speeds to increase sometimes by double.  It really depends on location but I do notice an increase.
2) After a few weeks, the removable belt clip broke. There is a very frail piece of plastic that locks the belt clip in place to the case which broke without me yanking on it or anything like that.
5813	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ok works fine

4322	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have tried almost every brand of Bluetooth Headset on the market, but have not found one that meets my requirements until now. The Blueant Z9 is extremely lightweight and small. This makes it very comfortable, feels secure and does not flop around. The sound is loud enough that you do not have to increase the volume. The voice quality is clear and consistent. I have it paired with a Nokia 6555.
Installation was fairly simple. Husband did in less than 2 hours, but only because we had to plan a route in attic.

7778	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have had this for a few weeks now and it works great.  It connect to my blackberry everytime I open it put it on my ear and that is great.
3135	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	ok



Like others, I don't like the fact that it comes without an AC adapter.  There are several adapters on Amazon that have an AC plug on one side and a lighter socket on the other; for me this is a must-have, as I like to charge the Jabra at night and use it during the day without worrying about a cord.
in the box: phone, ac charger, headphone adapter, manuals.
1769	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	(updated)
8890	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works just as described; charges our cell phones faster than plugged into traditional outlet; love everything about it; taking on our trip to Disney and have no doubt it will do the job
4436	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought two batteries. Both seemed good for a couple of days. Then they began to die after less than a day even when barely using the phones. Not recommended.
Overall: perfect job for this price.
Overall, they were not happy with the phones and didn't feel comfortable using them so I had to take them back and get the motorola E815.
The battery life is great and the clarity is also dead on.

Materials:
9964	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK
However, I'm unable to get them working as a phone headset with my computer.  The problem is the microphone.  When I try Skype's test call, I can hear the lady speak, but Skype cannot hear me speak.
Conveniently placed on the visor.
3)  I've read other reviews that said the phone seemed "flimsy", but I do not experience this. It could be because this phone is made mostly of plastic compared to other metal phones.
comes with the phone is great but, if you want more
-Relatively stable
OVERALL:


1916	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I really wanted this headset to work out because it is being sold at such a good price relative to most others.  Well, it prooved to me that you often get what you pay for.  Let's consider the following in why I am returning this headset: pairing, sound quality, ease of use, and comfort.
7563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Poorly designed. I won't use it because I worry about losing my phone.

9523	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	When we purchased this we thought it would be 5 bars all the time but after going through all the trouble of meticulously following the directions and installing this, we might get 4 bars at any point and not always that much.  A little disappointed for the amount we spent on it but hey, at least we get phone calls now where before it acted like we never got them even though the phones would show missed calls and voicemails.


8784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is amazing. Thank you
4 - Weak, slow and poor performing processor.
227	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Delivers extra power when needed, but it is is too heavy and the HTC M9 gets be very hot when it is charging sometimes.
9863	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	VERY GOOD.
8674	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bought this for a friend who kept butt-dialing his friends and family.  the magnet worked and locked the phone. no more butt-dialing for him!
2149	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect size for a couple of regular size cellphones... or a small digital camera & phone... credit cards, cash, i.d.'s, keys, etc... I gave it a waterproof test over two hours and it kept the tissue I placed inside nice and dry.
2061	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I just spent the last month trialing 6 different bluetooth headsets. I'm a frequnt business travler & heavy user. My phone is a Treo 700w.
714	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Before buying this headset, I tried on practically every other headset on the market.  None of them would stay on my ear.  I have a small head and small ears, and I wanted something low profile that would stay on while I was walking.  This headset is nice and snug and works great.  I highly recommend it to anyone who has trouble finding headsets that fit.
I would not recommend this unit for anyone with smallish ears or large fingers.
4399	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have purchased a Mobal phone for use in Europe in a couple of months. It seems everyone from the shuttle service to the excursion vendors want a local cell phone. I did my research and chose Mobal. I selected the budget package as I would prefer not to use the phone for 3 weeks -peace and quiet! But having a phone will also give me peace of mind.
Overall, this product does work. You just need to make sure you read the description closely to see if this is the right product for you.

I do, however, like the little battery charger and clip that comes with it -- it made it easier to carry around (ie. you could clip it to your briefcase, belt, or phone holder).
8916	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This device works just as described.  I have used it with a Samsung Galaxy Tab 2.0 and a Samsung Focus.  It comes with an adapter cable for use with Samsung devices and I did need it for the Focus but not the Galaxy Tab.  This was a very good purchase and I would make it again!  When at the airport and all the outlets were taken...I still was able to charge my devices!  Thank you New Trent!
3577	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is by far the best GPS on the market for the price. I have this one and the NUVI 660 and if I had it to do over I would have just bought 2 of these and saved the money. This is just as good as the 660 but way cheaper, don't waste your money buy the 200!
The price is high, but for the convenience and function it provides it is worth it. I was not able to find any cheaper similar products offered by third parties. This is the real thing from Nokia.

* Volume is LOUD! In those noisy environments, this is a plus, and I usually have to turn it down to mid-range, even in noisy areas.
The display is clear, bright and LARGE! Beautiful screen. The size of the phone is no where as thin as a RAZR, but since I'm used to the V300, it's pretty much the same size and a bit lighter in weight.
During the same call I went ahead an attached the mic, annd continued to talk with the windows down and music up, and they could hear me crystal, and the feedback in my ear was gone as well.
2977	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This phone is good quality phone, with good quality camera and video recorder.  Inserting or removing MicroSD card from under the battery cover is not a big deal.  But there are three things I like to see Moto improves it over the time:


5883	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Trent appearance-wise & feel is much nicer than even their well-taken photos can show. It actually has some curve & differing depth to it...giving it a sleek and sexy feel. It charges with good speed and holds a lot of additional reserve charge within it for future charging of my Iphone.
9998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is the 3rd "OEM" battery I bought via Amazon Marketplace -- as with the others, it was terrible. I ordered form the OEM shop a BR50. They sent a BR56 which is supposed to be even better with 3 hours talk time. It did not last 30 minutes after a complete overnight charge. Nowhere as long as the battery I am trying to replace which lasts over an hour instead of the original 2 1/2 hours.
5567	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very compact radio, small and fits very well into a pocket or small bin/storage area.  This radio uses three AAA batteries that are rechargeable.  The features are nice on the radio.  The speaker is good as radio checks come in loud and clear.  I tested the mic with my mounted VHF and the sounds from the mic are loud and clear.  All in all a good back up radio.  I would purchase this again.
  a.  Quick charge of power pack

8566	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I saw the term Micro-USB in one of the reviews so I bought this hoping it would fit and charge my Altec Lansing BackBeat 903 and it works like a charm. Fits right in, charging light goes on and the product charges. iGo does not mention on their site what tip to use with the Altec Lansing BackBeat 903/906 bluetooth headsets so now you know.

1101	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bought this for work and it works great. the sound is clear and the microphone is located in a convenient location. the clip is also a great addition to the headset.
3494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent deal. Thanks
1106	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The New-Age Treo's are the best smart devices ever made! I have used the T-Mobile Sidekick, the AT&T Motorola MPX, a Nextel Blackberry, a Samsung i600, and even an older style Treo in the form of the Treo 300. And out of every smart device I have ever used, the Treo 600 and 650 are 1000 times better then any of them!
These are the only two 5MP camera phones available for the US market.  Neither of them is offered by a carrier (AT&T, T-Mobile, Cellular One, Rogers...), so in both cases you will pay the full price for the phone.  (The upside, of course, is that you will not need to renew your contract to get it.. :)
850	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Could never get it too work for my note 5, I was very disappointed
8552	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Mates to any iGo device and plugs into any micro USB device, not only the ones listed on the title because the plug type is standardized. Built sturdily so it's grip on both ends is very tight. Not much else to say about this product.
2324	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	used phone for one bill cycle and works just fine activation was quick and easy phone has minor color fade mark and some scratches on the screen but over all phone works  very well and i am happy this was my first used purchased i usally buy new but since they no longer sell this phone new is really not an option i am very satisfied i got what i paid for.

801	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my golf cart and it looks nice installed and works well for many items I sometimes plug in while in my cart...


I have a number of dead spots for 4g, including my driveway.  With the phone installed and everything on, I get a weak, but useable 4g signal where previously I generally could not use 4g.  I've never had a problem well telephone calls dropping around here, so I can't offer much opinion there.
8034	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received this holder quickly. It is fine quality and is just as described. Hard to believe it is so cheap. The only complaint I have is that the belt attachment seems to make the phone stick out too far on your belt. That's why I need a clip, not the fancy one this comes with. But, this only preference. It's a fine product.
2. Using it in windy conditions may get you in an uncomfortable conversation (hello?... are you there? It feels like you're within a hurricane...), and I don't mean only outdoors, you maybe inside your car with the A/C on and if it's blowing right at your face, you'll get this kind of problem

9061	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like the size/shape and ease of use of this external battery. I've purchased 5 previous external battery packs, and this one is my favorite.  It even has a built in flashlight and laser pointer.  Really easy to charge and use and the small profile is perfect for travel.
9941	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this battery for over a year now and it still works perfect.
5247	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	it's a good size ... and looks attractive .. was a good purchase for the money ... made a great Christmas gift  ..
1079	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I give it five stars - despite some technical problems:
8587	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good charger. Looks nice. LED is very bright. This is not a big deal for us, but could be if we put the charger in a bedroom. Charger doesn't work with any rubber cover or other case on phone, so we have to take the Blackberry rubber case off in order to charge.

9908	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I can be a clutz and of course I find ways to scratch my screen. Well this time my daughter got a hold to my phone but the protector did its job and my screen was safe! I would definitely recommend this product just to be on the safe side because you never known and it's a great price.
Cons:
If add it from their website (most of time it ends up ERROR and ask you to call the service representative), the webpage asks a lot of unnecessary information, then sends hundreds digits you have to key in to your cell phone.


758	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	nice and easy to install
The earpieces are noise isolating, so you won't hear all that much of what's going on around you. This can be good or bad, depending on what you're doing.

This battery would suit well people that want a sleek looking good feeling battery they can show off and/or want a laser pointer built in.  It is also good for most people if the price is competitive with other similar batteries.
8132	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It started out working great and looking great. But it started falling apart after a few months
Easy to setup. There's a short cable sticking right out of the back of the dual radios this module is made for. Easy to pair up and pairs really fast. The music is crystal clear. Even clearer than my CD's or HD radio.
-No voice command software included (multiple options available for purchase though)


I've only had it for a week and it is holding up well (you get a padded velcro carrying case too) but my initial impression, to be honest, was that it seemed a little too fragile - again it's very small and light. So I've been skeptical but we'll see how it goes and if I have to return it I'll modify my review.
1910	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this device after reading several reviews and just being focused primarily on price.  I've had it now for 3 days and it is great.  I use a 700w, so despite the other review, this works great with my 700w no issue whatsoever.  Yes it helps it to be on the same side as the phone, I carry my phone in a holster on my side, when I moved it to my left side as I was talking considerable static showed.
- Aesthetic design w/ nice finish
Cons: Key layout and size pretty much makes the phone a pain to use, no US 3G bands, small screen
5832	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my BB Curve as the previous one had fell out.  I literally just popped it in and the phone was as good as new!
I realized I needed a 7-port hub and checked out the D-Link, Kensington, Belkin--the usual suspects.  Then I chanced upon this unlikely contender, looking more like a jukebox in Amazon's picture than a hub.  I was intrigued by the off-beat design and noticed that the price was competitive (though a couple of the others are presently offering rebates, a free flylight, and other sweeteners). Now that I'm looking at the CyberPower USB port "in person," I can provide a few initial impressions:


6121	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I own the 12000mAH IMP120D model which I was impressed with and led me to purchase the iTorch IMP52D. The IMP52D is much lighter and smaller which is great for extra portability. It is smaller than my current phone (The Samsung Galaxy Nexus) and complements it nicely  The LED light makes the unit double as a flash light and the laser pointer is a nice touch.
I decided the cables that came with the unit would be good for charging the IMP500 itself.  But I bought a separate retractable micro USB cable to connect the IMP500 to my phone.  The advantage of buying a separate cable is that it has the right connectors built in, so it's a lot shorter than the universal cable and adapters that came with the IMP500.  Retractable USB cables are cheap and come in various configurations, so no matter what device you have, I highly recommend you get the right cable you need and forget about using the one included with this kit.
8685	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I first selected the model for the 8130 because I got confused with the model number (temporary dyslexia (: ) but I was able to sell that one and then ordered this one.
1) Texting and phonebook are weak.  The phone's display is "e-ink", and is limited to 2 lines of 6 characters at a time. (It looks like you are reading a calculator).  If you don't mind scrolling through 12 letters at a time, it's possible to text, but it's not easy.  I wouldn't use this phone to send or receive texts except in an emergency.  Similarly, there is a basic phonebook, but once you store more than a few dozen numbers, it's hard to get much use out of it.

2) Excellent for listening to music
4462	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After losing my cable I decided to order two, one as a replacement and the other as a spare. The cheap price enabled me to do that. It arrived on time and if possible, exceeds the performance of the original. Love it!
Wish they had separate 'forward/reverse' buttons instead of 'play/forward' buttons but these work great.
9361	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This phone was introduced in US in March 2008. I am using it with AT&T.

but the software crashes often and i could not re import the backed up file.
972	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great earpiece at half the cost of others. It's easy to use and fairly light. The button on the mic lets you answer, redial and voice dial without opening your phone. The only downside is you have to turn the earpiece off and on again if you lose signal to your phone and need to poll to reconnect.
SMALL KEYS: The keyboard is the size of my thumb. Although the keyes are are spaced, Braille-touch is still near impossible because even my pinkie finger can touch two keys at once. Ridiculous!
3114	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	PROS:

9798	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Reasonable

battery life with regular battery
1. Switch off little inconvenient to use when it is on your ear. But the flip side is that you would like to keep it on, while on your ear. So, not a problem.
- Applications: Facebook, Aim, Instant messenger, Email, internet.

I highly recommend this product.


8400	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Makes my work outs a lot easier! Stays inside the case and is easy to wear! Glad I got this!
  4.  White color version?



I would like to play songs in a Music folder in the order they appear when sorted (my songs include a track number), as I can do with my Zen, so I can play an album in its intended order, or arbitrary mp3s in an order I have chosen. The only way to do that is to create a playlist for each folder. Without a playlist, you can play by Album and by Artist only.
If you just purchased your iPhone and want to connect your old favorite mobile phone or home headset (from your previous mobile phone for example) this is NOT what you need.  Most likely, your headset has a 2.5mm plug, not this 3.5mm plug.
You really have to press fairly hard on the buttons to elicit a response which gets annoying after a while. I solved this by cutting the button part out with an exacto knife.
5440	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	helped just enough when i was in the middle of B.F.E.
+ GPS, Wifi, bluetooth
8083	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is a rugged case, but you will not be able to sync/charge using a docking stand.  The screen cover is designed poorly and trapped air makes it difficult to see the icons.  There is another popular case that is just as strong and will allow you to dock eaasy.
2556	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The BoxWave slim-fit skin case was easy to install and looks great on the Samsung Note. It looks as if is part of the phone.
I cannot recommend this item at all.

1321	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a well designed and built case. This is one of the few that I have found that doesn't block any ports, including the USB port for charging. It fits snug and does not slide off. Please note that this model I recently bought DOES NOT SWIVEL like the previous two Krussels I have bought here for the same phone. There must be several different models and when I bought this one, I thought they were all the same. I prefer the swivel case and would give that one a 5.
6837	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good deal .


Battery life is as advertised, based on my experience. I can use it normally (about 60 min talk time) and recharge once every 3-4 days (I usually recharge when the indicator drops to 1 bar). I think if I talk continuously I should come close to the advertised 200 min.
Sound quality seems good for the person on the other end--not spectacular, but perfectly serviceable, at least for friends and family. If you need to make a flawless impression, you can probably find a better unit elsewhere, though probably at a higher price.
I did call their customer support, twice actually. The first time I got a very friendly girl who unfortunately didn't really know what she was talking about and seemed generally unfamiliar with this particular model. She told me several incorrect things and I found myself correcting her and reading parts of the manual to her, so that was a bit useless. I sensed I'd get better results with a different person so I called back later and got a young guy who was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. He's the one who suggested I try and put the antenna and booster at the same general height as each other, and he also told me that the slightest angle can make a big difference, so I stopped moving it from room to room and instead tried changing the angle ever so slightly before ruling out a location. He also helped me understand my dBm readings, I understood that lower is better, but I was confused by seeing multiple network types, 4G, 3G, 1X, etc with varying dBm readings for each, and wasn't sure which one I should be "aiming for", so to speak. He helped me a lot by saying I don't really need to worry about the 4G, if I can get the 3G in a good spot that's all I need. So that simplified my troubleshooting a lot. This may be a Verizon-specific issue by the way, I'm not sure.
1271	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	If you have a Motorola phone this baby gives you great service and reliability.
3472	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Pile of junk>>Did not fit>> .88cents was too much to pay for it
too heavy, but you can tell it's great quality.
 - controls music with volume buttons
9322	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have never been a fan of the plastic clip on screen protectors.  You buy a $1000 + camera, and put a chintzy looking plastic thing on it.  It gets scratched up, and makes it harder to see through it, and if you bump your camera just right, it's gone.  These glass protectors improve on all of these shortcomings:
8579	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have the Blackberry Pearl 8110. Ever since I got it, charging it has been a huge hassle due to a faulty usb port. Thankfully, I discovered this charging pod for it as an alternative way to charge the battery. The second I placed my phone on the charger, it signaled a charge. No more removing and reinserting the charger into the bad usb port 20 times, struggling to get it to charge. I can now just sit my phone in this little pod. This is fantastic!
912	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just got these yesterday. Easy to use sound is pretty good. Was a little surprised that they weren't flexible like the LG tones. They stay on place well though, sounds is pretty decent. Easy to pair. Bout sure about the 150ft range but they go a lot farther than my lg ones I can leave my phone upstairs and still get a connection. So far so good!
Check for the full update in a few days...but from what I know so far...so far so good!
Perfect phone and deserves 5 stars maybe more than that...
It has been a life saver on campus when I don't have time to go back to my dorm to charge my devices, iPhone, iPad etc.. Really recommend it.

As I use it, I see that the battery doesn't seem to last very long (just over 2 hours of talktime at the most).  I hesitantly call Palm support and get some flunkie again-  I decide to cut my losses and stop wasting my time with their "support".  I'm just going to buy a second battery and second charger to keep the phone charged.  I hate the idea of making such a compromise, but for me it's the lesser of two evils.  The fact that Palm would release a phone with such terrible battery life is indicative of their customer mindset.  They just don't care.  As clunky as my Windows MDA was, its battery life was at least 3 to 4 times what the Treo gives me (even though the MDA has a much bigger screen).
1646	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Usually I don't have time to write reviews but this time I decided to do it simply to help others like me who tried many different headsets by Motorola and thought that probably there is nothing good on the market yet. I received  this one as a gift from my friend and love it for two simple reasons:

9980	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My phone wasn't holding a charge anymore, so I hesitantly purchased this, thinking since it was so cheap I was getting ripped off, however, the product came as described and brought my phone back to life with full-battery power!
- The H20 Armband is a very tight squeeze for the iPhone.  I always worry about getting the phone in and out of the case without harming it.

6132	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have only had this iTorch IMP52D for a few days and have recharged my iPhone 5 a couple of times with it.  So far I love it.  Its small size and the added benefit of not having to lug along an additional AC charger to re-charge the battery backup make this very compact for traveling.  I also like the additional LED light and laser light.  I'm sure they will come in handy.
It's a simple setup that shouldn't require an electrician, but cutting holes in the roof of a building was more than I was able to tackle on my own.  I should have done this years ago.
I bought the second one for my friend.
2630	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	purchased the phone about 3 months, like the nice QVGA screen, and impressed with excellent cam (it works pretty well in macro mode and outdoors)
9245	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	(note:previous comments under Gerry as to how I actually got this phone)

PROS:


This radio is not waterproof by the way.  It is water resistant JIS 4.  I put the radio in a zip bag and use it that way.  see below for JIS Stds.
I'd definitely recommend this to a friend who was needing to have battery with them for emergencies or for short trips, as it is easy to carry and has the addition of the laser and LED lights.
6932	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not easy to review batteries... but what else can I say, they work! I bought these for my watch. Great value pack though
1018	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	THIS ITEM HELPS SOME BUT NOT A LOT. NEED THE REPEATER TO HELP BOOST SIGNAL. THIS DISTRIBUTOR DID NOT READ THE DESCRIPTION OF THE ORDER. HAD TO CONTACT CUSTOMER SERVICE 3 X.


Screen contrast poor


I'm turning off my phone today...
Battery - I purchased the extended battery with the phone.  Even with the MP3 player useage I get about 2 days of use before having to charge.  That is excellent compared to what my Treo used to get.

While the Jawbone's noise cancellation does seem good that's about all it has going for it because your voice still sounds muffled, soft and digital-like. Further, the Jawbone is too big and bulky to comfortably put it into a pocket to take with you.

5216	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was looking to replace my old LG Chocolate but I didn't want to give up this style of phone.  So I purchased a Refurbished one. The phone looks awesome and works great.
It seems like these products are designed to last just past the warranty and die soon after.

8922	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Overall, the New Trent iTorch is an excellent way to extend battery life when a charger may not be accessible. The extended battery pack is extremely easy to operate and packs quite a punch. I have charged my iPhone 5 off of it a couple times without needing to charge it. Once it runs out of juice, charging times are minimal while charging it off of my iPad 4 wall charger.
4827	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is the most painful headset I've ever used. The sound quality is no big deal either. The fact that it is not easy to put on and take off quickly makes it so you have to keep it on if you don't want to miss a call. But keeping it on for a couple of hours caused me pain no matter which size ear pad I used. The charger is only for home, so no quick charge in the car in any emergency. The Jawbone is much better for comfort and I've had no problems with it at all as far as sound quality. The jawbone charger is its weak link, however, as with time it becomes loose and difficult to connect to the device.
676	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	never slip item on this pad. and washable and clean. Better so nice. I strong recommened this item so much.
113	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	luving it  right now will last about 4 mo so you cant beat the price for it I got 4 of them


Basically, after using this amplifier and seeing not only the hard number results but experiencing the better call quality in normal use, I can say with full confidence that the device fully lives up to its claim.

Hard to get it into the right place to hear clearly on your ear.
It has good connection quality...but I can barely use it.
UPDATE #1 - IMPORTANT: It's ONE DAY after I wrote my stellar review on these earbuds. Well, folks, this morning I went to put on my Motorola Buds and - you guessed it - a problem. As noted in at least one other review, the rubbery trim on the bottom of the headset stalks has separated from the unit, on both sides. I just spent a half hour trying to glue the trim back down, and it kept coming up again, no matter how carefully I applied the glue. THIS SHOULD NOT BE NECESSARY. I have had these for just under two weeks and this SHOULD NOT BE HAPPENING.  This is the part that rests against your neck and collarbone, so it SHOULD be fastened (by whatever means necessary) well enough that the trim does not separate, because this is the part of the earbud "stalks" that is going to receive the most friction by rubbing against your skin. I can't believe Motorola did not either engineer this better or manufacture it so that this would not be a problem. I am MOST disappointed in this occurrence. I just reapplied the glue for the third time and I'm letting it sit, if it doesn't work this time, back they go. I realize these are not the most expensive buds on the market, but two weeks of wear and it's falling apart????? So now we're down to three stars, instead of the five they had yesterday. Because they're NOT holding up well, even over the short run. Below you'll find my original review, before this morning's problem:


I received this at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest and true review. I have never spoken to the company and they have never contacting me or told me what to say on the review.
4330	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Seems to be made well. Haven't taken it off road yet. Installed on Polaris Ranger Crew
892	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	First of all, I just got these so I can't speak to the longevity.  I've been using a $12 set of buds for almost a year and have put up with the hassle of the wires just because they sound so flippin good.  With a frequency response of 10 to 20,000Hz, I got all the bass I wanted as well as mid to high range.  That said, I was leery about BT ear buds but I've always been a fan of Moto products even though I have a Samsung Avant phone so I decided to give them a try.
- Good range
Also, I wanted to troubleshoot this some more so I bought a Wilson 800/1900 booster. Identical to this Wi-Ex unit. I tried a combination of several things. I used the Wi-Ex receiver with the Wilson base and the Wilson transmitting antenna, the Wilson receiving antenna with the Wi-Ex base unit and the Wilson antenna and so forth..... and this is what I learned:
1082	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had a 7290 since they first started shipping.  The first one I had had the problem that many of the early ones do -- after a while, the person on the other end can't hear me, but I can hear them fine.  Cingular replaced the device and now it works fine.




4055	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	its just wat i need for long outings away from a charging point a very good investment for ppl on the go

sorry bout it :)

4104	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good product just what I was looking for at the right price fast and easy transaction I would recommend this for blackberry users

There is a cable permanently attached to the antenna and it is long enough to run from the roof, down through a passenger door to the floorboard and under or around the front seat to the mounted phone Drive 4G-S cradle, a 5-Band Cell Phone Amplifier/Repeater, on the dashboard. This device is the heart of the booster system. The manufacturer indicates that the antenna cable is strong enough that it may be shut in most vehicle doors without damaging the cable. But if possible, they recommend an installation that involves pulling a small portion to the rubber door seal, which would provide a cleaner look and would reduce wear and tear on the cable when the door is opened and closed. I chose to run the cable under the door seal, though I was concerned about tearing the rubber since my car is over a decade old. It was easier than I thought and so I went ahead and ran the cable under the door seal and dropped it down along the window post.

 Internal display: 2.2 inch 176 x 220  pixel 64K color TFT display
1426	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this product, had been using for a while and haven't seen any problem at all, I'm strongly recommending to buy it.
Update:

If you are looking for a good functional adapter that can work in any country, these are a good buy. Just make sure you have strong fingers to set the prongs loose when needed.
The bad:


Although the volume controls on the device are small, one can become easily acquainted with the controls and can manage to turn the volume up or down with ease. One final plus for this device is the built-in power saving mode, which powers the ear piece down when there is no activity and an immediate response when a call is received. This allows battery conservation and less charging. I definitely recommend this device to those who must carry two phones and have to adhere to the "hands free" laws in their respective states.
8411	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This works ok, within the first few uses the little rubber bumpers were falling off, but gravity still holds the unit in place.  The spread of the two mid point grippers have a gear mechanism that can be forced to jump teeth to facilitate closing non-symmetrically to accommodate phone plugs to clear the bottom supports...I found this useful for my Samsung 5" player as I was able to offset the right mid holder about 3/8 of an inch. When you get this...add real glue to hold the sponge rubber bumpers to keep them from diapering.
I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great way to listen to their music without having to be attached to your music.


Area for Improvements & Suggestions:
3)  Windows Mobile.  I've been keeping an eye on the mobile windows since Windows CE v2.0 but have been primarily a Palm OS user.  But this version of Windows Mobile is wonderful and has finally convinced me to switch over to Microsoft's OS!!  It is featured on both of these phones so I lost nothing switching over.  But having mobile office and the familiar feel of Windows at your fingertips is great, not to mention how easy it is to synchronize with Outlook.
5720	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Broke within minutes of me attaching it to my phone and clipping it to wat waistband. Do not waste your money.
Is it better than nothing? Sure. I'm also glad to see that the inside antenna can be upgraded without having to buy a new amplifier. I may do that, one day, but this kit meets my immediate needs.
3251	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like the look and feel i usually don't drop phone so i can't say f it holds strong i hope to never find out but I like it alot
I hope this is helpful as you comparison shop online. Happy travels, everybody.
If you've wanted a BT speakerphone before but held off, your time is now...buy the SP5050 and be happy!
2913	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a nice one but ear peice kept breaking finally got the blue ant
My first bluetooth was a Motorola. I have not been happy with the Motorola fit as it feels like it is going to fall off...and on occasions it has. I am also replacing the motorola because I now have 2 cell phones I need to carry and want to use both simaltaneously. To replace it, I found a great deal on a Jabra BT5010. Great headset, so good, my wife stole it. Went to buy another and the price had gone back up. I tend to lose or damage things, so I have set a budget of no more than $30-$40. I then found a deal on a Jabra BT5020. I had received a bad unit and the exchange from another buy.ing website went bad and finally received my money back. Again, went to buy another and the price had gone up. This led me to the Cardo 700lx.

1560	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have tried 3 different headsets with the last being the Plantronics 665 which is a newer version than the voyager 510.  I use the 510 with a Blackberry 8820 and so far it has worked flawlessly and I've been using it for about 1 week.  The sound is clear and loud and the background noise that other people hear is very minimal, even when driving with the windows down.  On my other headsets, when talking to other people, they all said that it sounded like I was talking through a tunnel, but on this headset, the Voyager 510, I've had everyone say that they couldn't tell I was talking via Bluetooth.  This headset may be a little bigger than some of the newer models that are out now, but once you put it on, it is very comfortable and you can't tell the size.
(second review)
Feature-wise the Cobra does a good job of covering the basics - a full channel selection for all VHF channels, plus NOAA weather.  The squelch is not infinitely adjustable, but has a couple of "steps" controlled by a single button.  There is no scan feature (unlike the Uniden, which will scan as many channels as you choose in memory on a continuous basis).

Everyone should have one of these. It's come in handy so many times, especially for people whom travel a lot for business or pleasure. I love that it is a USB charger as it can be used for any such device that supports such. Would I like it to charge longer? Who wouldn't? One full cell phone charge is more than tolerable for the size/price.
the 3" and 0.75" are correct
3 - The buttons. OH! The buttons! They are teenie weenie and you have to push them with your fingernail and even then, still hope you got the right one.  They feel cheap and clicky and are made for Hobbits.
- If it can be made even more lightweight/compact (I think thats a common goal with any small electronics over time.)
8798	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	its good thank you
6244	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I go on a lot of camping, hiking, and backpacking/trekking trips where no electricity is available. For months, my friend brought his Energizer external battery pack to charge his iPhone, and friends' phones on our return home. The gadget person I am, I set out to purchase my own. However, reviews of the Energizer pack and other brands were not favorable, until I came across New Trent's products.
- Material seems to not be so prone to wearing/tearing/stretching.
I ordered this case with high expectation thinking i was going to recieve a brand name product from Boxwave , instead i recieved a generic case with no branding .


4609	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Looks just like the picture. Magnets hold good and looks nice on the table

Hope this is helpful to anyone who might be considering getting this. Do it; trust me, you're phone with thank you!
This was well worth the money.
It seems if you are on a call and your call-waiting goes off, there is no way to hang up on the first call and switch to the second.  You can ONLY HANG UP ON BOTH CALLS!  So what happens is if you tell one person you'll get back with them and then flip over to the other call BOTH CALLS CONTINUE TO RACK UP AIR TIME, regardless of whether the other person has hung up!
Now the one part I dislike is the fact that between the Magni 2 and the Uber version it seems like the double outputs are the only addition for 60 some bucks. I just bough two double male barrels and a male to two female rca patch cable to use it along my Modi 2. But it feels ghetto to me. The sound is great and I haven't found any problems doing like so though.
9134	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery pack is a must-have for smartphone users.  It can charge your phone two to five times, ideal for traveling and camping etc. It is compact, light and great in hand.  The device also has a built-in laser point, and an LED light, very handy when you need it and more reasons to carry around.

4022	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is a very goog experience when you purchase a case with such a good quality materials.,it's been a good choice!
Although this product may protect the screen, after a couple of days use you probably won't be able to see the screen with all the accumulated scratches. The users guide says for best results to replace monthly. After initial application I removed it and threw it away.
110	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	thanks!
to charge the battery itself and the laser pointer/led light might seem



Keyboard-  The keyboard on the phone is, as you know, a full qwerty keyboard, which helps alot and makes it very easy to message fast on.  The keys look very small but are indeed very easy to easy to use.  Also the trackball makes navigation very easy and fast. Also another thing I noticed is that if your a very fast texter like me,  the phone actually can keep up.  My old blackjack by samsung was to slow and I would be done with my message if it was long about 10 seconds after I was finished.  So I will happily give it 5 stars.
Overall I am very pleased with this product because it completes its main purpose flawlessly. The hardware code written for this battery is perfectly written, when your phone is fully charged the charger shuts off so it doesn't drain the external battery unnecessarily. The only improvement I could see being made to the iTorch is that they could remove one or the other, either the LED flashlight or the laser pointer (maybe make two different models?). That way they could put their money into making a better laser pointer (It dissipates noticeably after about 20 feet) or a better LED flashlight. Other than that this is a perfect product! I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a solid external battery.
1499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had mine for two years. It still works for days and days between chargers. It still filters noise outside. And, it still works perfectly! It hangs perfectly off of my ear. You will need to be ok with wearing a device over your ear, and with the larger battery behind the ear. The battery lasts for weeks, the sound quality is great, and the connection to device is pretty fast. For the age of the technology, this thing is outstanding.
Installation is straight-forward and really quite simple: exterior antenna on roof (magnetic mount), antenna cable routed into car to booster cradle, DC adapter in power port, power cable to booster cradle. Finished. I do NOT like the provided 3M adhesive dash mount. Fortunately, the ball mount is compatible with other solutions such as the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Bracketron-SWM-400-BL-Low-Pro-Windshield-Mount-Black/dp/B00178RDZ4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Bracketron SWM-400-BL Low Pro Windshield Mount (Black)</a>&nbsp;(at least it is with an earlier model of this mount).

5285	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	...as promised. New seller came thru as promised. I have an iPhone that I gave up a well loved RAZR for. Now the RAZR is my backup/motorcycle riding phone. Thank you.
8334	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I agree with most of what's been written already here and I'd like to add my 2 cents as I have owned the n95-8GB too and I can tell you categorically, the N82 is a much better phone.
It takes a little while to get your phone up to full charge, but it gets it up to adequate charge very quickly.  The charge seems to last every bit as long as when I charge my phone off the wall, not like when you use your car charger.  It's a good solid charge from a reliable little unit and I'm very, very happy with it.
7559	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Very weak construction.  Multiple belt system in weak cloth and poor stitching causes the case to tear almost immediately.  A great design, very very poor implementation.  I had to sew mine several times to keep it from falling apart and am just going to replace it now.
I am very disappointed and frustrated and am going to go back to my old phone at least it still works.  The other problem I saw was that the battery did not sit in the phone properly and the back cover did not want to lock in place.


I'd return it for a different phone if I didn't go past my 30 days
3. USB power makes the cradle warm. It makes the antenna plug that plugs into the cradle BURNING hot. Can't touch it hot. I use this for about an hour, and then let it cool. Overall, not a huge setback.
5446	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use a droid bionic - I've bought into the system with 3 small batteries (2 day runtime) and 3 large batteries (4 day runtime) and purchased the laptop keyboard/hd display & charger for mine.  In addition to in house chargers, I put a car holder in my vehicle in the lower left corner of the windshield and hid the cables under a dash mat to the stereo.  The install was fairly simple since I could place the antenna outside and fish the thin cable through the hatchback, then put the flat panel booster behind the phone mount with the amp under a seat.
Bad Stuff: the charger/usb plug is propietary <sp?> so you have to buy that stuff off ebay or somewhere to get them. After taking pictures, i think you are supposed to confirm that you want to save or delete it, so if you don't answer it will delete. i usually end up with the last picture i tried to take. Lots of people have this phone, i have sat down for dinner where 5 of the 6 people set their blackjack on the table.
------------------
I finally wrangled it into the trunk area and was admiring my hard work when I realized something - THIS THING FITS BETTER UPSIDE-DOWN IN SOME CARS.  The angled top corners actually left enough space between the barrier and the windows for my smaller dog to fit her head through and destroy my upholstery.  So I took it out, flipped it upside down, and re-installed it.  Another 20 minutes later, I was once again done.  Now, it works fantastically.

9843	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The batteries themselves are in good shape and good quality. The shipping is super fast. I get them in 2 days so the seller is very prompt. It could be that the seller is located in the same state also.
I have the Plantronics Voyager, as well as several other headsets by BlueAnt, Jabra, and Motorola. I bought the Plantronics 925 and received a BlueAnt V1 after the Jawbone dispatched itself. The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-510-Bluetooth-Headset-with-Multipoint-Technology/dp/B0009B0IX4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset with Multipoint Technology</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Discovery-925-Bluetooth-Headset-Black/dp/B001630QZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Discovery 925 Bluetooth Headset (Black)</a>, the Jabra are much better quality head sets and  work distinctly better. I haven't tried the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/BlueAnt-V1-Voice-Controlled-Bluetooth-Headset-Silver/dp/B001APH9GW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">BlueAnt  V1 Voice-Controlled Bluetooth Headset (Silver)</a>&nbsp;yet.  None of the headsets are any where near the "SHABBY JAWBONE" Category!  Aliph owns that one!
  c.  Power pack charges thru usb of PC or with most standard micro usb chargers
3778	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have one of these on my cruiser and my sport bike. On the one on my CBR I ended up cutting the cig plug off and wiring the negative to my neg battery terminal and the hot to the back of my fuse box. I wired mine into the Horn fuse. On this cable the stripe is hot (+).
1866	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	These were alright just made my pants to loose and didn't hold up my pants right. They worked good for a little while but then my pants slid down to much and the zipper never staid up so I bought a belly band.
4359	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i use this headset on my msi wind, and i have tried many bt headsets. it turns out that most of them fall under the wireless store mantra. "sell crap for more". but this headset sounds good plus you can step on it, drop it, loan it do a drunk friend, and then have it fall out of a car, and it still works. its a great product. just buy it and then you won't have to buy crap.
Headset fit is another bit concern.  The 510 is the most comfortable for me.  The BT8040 is second, which surprised me.  The H710's hard ear-loop rubs on my ear in one spot and pretty quickly becomes uncomfortable.  The 510 isn't amenable to glasses, but the other two are.  All of the headsets are secure.  The 510 fits well as a result of its design.  The BT8040 fits well, in part because it is so very small and light.  The H710 'hangs' and 'flaps' against the ear, is the least secure of all three, but didn't ever fall off when I was testing it.
834	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Flimsy, low quality junk that arrived with a broken ear piece.
crazy good data service

Battery life: Much better than the N95, though it is not even close to what's in the spec. I don't know why Nokia doesn't think about that. The battery should be at least 1300mAh to give a decent battery life between charges.
8076	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Having looked for a bluetooth speaker phone to use with my iPhone, I did research everything I could find. The reviews of the Jabra SP5050 were excellent on the whole, but I was naturally suspicious as things are often not as good as advertsied.  I wanted to use the speaker phone in a convertible Mustang, and thought that the noise with the roof up (the Mustang isn't exactly a quiet car!) may make the unit less than useful. Quite the contrary. I can not only use the Jabra with the roof up, but also with the roof down - and at speeds up to about 45-50mph. Very impressive.
I love it!
Bottom line, if you have to pinch every penny, the z-boost works.  But, I recommend this one for $30 more because of great US based production and support.
awesome speaker quality, especially for playing music
8930	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Smart Phones. Tablets. ebook readers. mp3 players. Everyday survival tools that we need in this modern age of technology. Unfortunately, these great tools come with one fatal flaw: their horrible battery life. And no matter how many little tricks you do to keep your phone alive: lowering brightness, turning off 3G, etc, your phone will most inevitably die after a long day of usage. And thus the vicious cycle was repeated everyday until one day, something new emerged, a new creation: A portable charger. Which is why you undeniably find yourself here, reading the reviews of this lovely product.
Wow, that's a lot of negatives compared to the positives. No wonder I hated this thing so much.
9405	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We still don't have this thing tuned right and occasonally drp calls after a 6 hour instalation.
MyMac.rating 2.5 based mostly on the case's slipperiness.
7393	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	good for girls. almost makes your phone look cheap. i bought a black one that my dog chewed from a local cell phone shop and the quality was great. this one was a harder rubber and more easily broken. it tore on the battery side after a week because its not as flexible as the other one i bought. got this one for a few bucks id recommend going to ur local store to feel the skin in your hand. if your fingers slide across too easily its cheap. if ur fingers don't slide easy, it will not rupture.
Pros:
5835	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does a great job! Very efficient!

1048	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works Great!
6170	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This external battery is perfect! Exactly what I was looking for. I love my IMP1000 (old 2010 model of the newer IMP120D)...but I found myself not bringing it with me as often as I'd like due to it's larger size.
Easy to use
You are given 50 feet of coax cable to use for mounting. If you end up mounting this inside your home, you may want to use your own (shorter) cable or else you will have a bunch extra just stuffed somewhere.
The battery came with an almost full charge so I played with it for a while before charging. The laser pointer goes about 1/4 a mile before not being useful. The flashlight is very bright and very handy. The carry bag holds the battery and included retractable usb cord. The instructions were easy to read andnunderstand.
Bluetooth - Tried a number of headsets but the best so far is Plantronics 320.  Headsets tried included the Jabra JX10, Motorola H700 and H850.
UPDATE Aug 21, 2010
I have tried a few but this one had the smallest foot print (increase in size of product) of all the ones I have tested.
8562	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	as always, great iGo product. So nice to just change a tip and have all the chargers needed for my new phone. Great to carry just one unit to charge phone, headset and ipod when travelling.
-<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Add-an-iGo-Power-Splitter/dp/B002BKW1U4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Add an iGo Power Splitter</a>Splitter, and you get the flexibility of being able to charge two devices at the same time.

The reason I gave it 2 stars. The battery lasted a long time and it was easy to use with the buttons. I also liked the idea of having the microphone boom that would fold out and automatically turn the headset on and connect to the phone.

1722	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a great phone, rugged, simple and well-built "flip-phone" -- just what I was looking for. It is, however, an older model and the photo and video specs are really not up to the quality of modern phones. I don't really care about taking photos and video, so that's not a problem for me. It is "new" and came in the original box, but I did have to purchase a new battery. Lithium batteries have a limited shelf life, even if they have not been used, and this one would not take or hold a charge.

Headset BT500v and It had the same issue that this one has and when I contact the company about this issue. The tech support had not fix the problem Yet.
1032	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice accurate nice protected case  but no alarm sound

The headset paired easily to my HTC M8. The phone found the headset right way and paired.
4. Organizer is excellent and easy to learn/use.
It also works for the kids Nintendo DS.  I suppose any USB charged device will run longer or charge off of this battery.

1) My Bluetooth dongle on the computer did not connect these headphones either. My understanding is that you must have an A2DP (Advanced Audio Distribution Profile) compatible dongle for it to work.
I still love Amazon though.

3.  Once you have thoroughly read the instruction booklet (it's not lengthy) and you get past setting it for your left ear (if that is your desire), the only major thing to do is to determine which of the three eartips is best for you.  This is important for comfort and I suggest that you start with the smallest tip and work your way up.  I am using the smallest tip-it works best for me.
I am satisfied and glad I didn't pay 2X as much for the LG
3206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't do shit for my cell phone signal. Don't waste your money
7728	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have tried many bluetooths and this is one that actually fits and stays in my ear. It's lightweight and really nice looking also. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend.
5802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These were purchased to protect the rear display area of an underwater camera housing.  They have a grid pattern on the backing that aid in cutting to fit.  They're nearly completely transparent.  I was able to get two protetors cut from one sheet.  Good value. -Bill
5518	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	at first - this was great, but after a while, the flexible arm would not stay in the same position (would keep falling in). The little piece that holds the phone that clips on to the flexible arm would fall off occasionally dropping the phone into the floor. I ended up just taking the whole thing down because i got tired of fixing it all the time.


- ~25% improvement in call quality above H700

191	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the first battery charger that I have ever owned that charges the phone super fast. I love it!
The USB holds cables in a well sturdy way.  I can let the battery dangle by itself at the end of a USB cable while holding an Iphone without the battery falling off.  Very useful when leaving it in a bag/purse that it will not disconnect when shuffling around.
3845	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Used these to hold a audio recorder. Worked great

I honestly don't use the holster that often but the cover is great.
1) My biggest problem is that the rubber that goes over the ears has a bit of a harder edge than I would like and after a little while it gets somewhat uncomfortable. I'm going to try a little moleskin from the local Walgreen's to see if that helps.
9637	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Had been stored too long...little energy left in it, only enough to power my watch for a day or two.
+ Noise cancellation works...if you have music going (why have them on if you don't!)
BTW, if anyone is comparing this item with the Scosche DIYBRH2... do NOT get the scosche GET THIS ONE.  I don't care what phone you have...the sound quality on this one is way better. And this is better priced.

It works:

5788	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product at a great price.  Item just as described!  Works great i would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a leather case for their Curve.

3412	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I paid for this and after three weeks had not received anything; no communication or product.  Finally the seller sent me an email that they would be crediting my credit card because they were out of stock.  Gee, they did not have any problem accepting my money three weeks prior.  I never did receive the product.
Small and comfortable in hand or pocket it is a good size.
-The cable they provide doesnt necessary connect directly to the battery but does require a second piece which they do provide but still annoying to have 2 seperate pieces to carry around.
1274	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	You would think if you made a headset for the Motorola RAZR you would use the same power adapter. So even though you primarily use the headset in the car the genius that developed this product used a completely differnt plug. So if you have the car adapter to power your phone you have to buy a different car power adapter for this headset. Great thinking product team. I say look for the version that is cheaper then this one. It shares the same plug (universal USB) so you can charge it in the car as well.

280	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	3x the battery life was nice


EXTRA: It came with a 1gig memory chip. This thing is about the size of my pinky nail and comes with a converter so I can plug it into my computer and manage the files. The thing holds a ton of pictures and music as well. I have 7 music albums and 200 pictures on it right now.
-interior material makes silicon slip in and out not too slippery, but safer feel.

Next, there is a plastic attachment that your mount can go on that sticks on your dashboard or wherever you want your phone so that you can mount it easily.  You don't have to use this but your phone would just be sitting there with all these wires attached to it if you didn't.

phone used with vx8100
Highly recommend this!!!!  I'm not sure how I ever lived without it.
I just got another one of these for a friend, and after the second outing, it started acting up (it would operate fine for about 10 minutes, then "lock up" and would not respond to any commands or inputs from the buttons.  The unit has been sent back to Cobra, and based on past experience, I am hopeful that they will replace the unit without any fuss.  I'll update the review when I hear back from them.
The unit is also cheap feeling, and larger than it looks in the picture.

*Volume is reasonable
9343	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got this new from Amazon. I wanted something cheap and wireless that would work for in-game chat for online multiplayer on the PS3. This works well, there is a good bit of volume adjusting between the in-game volume and on the headset to get where you can hear what's going on without someone screaming in our ear. When you get the in-game microphone/PS3 system volume setting right the headset will pick up your voice, and any sounds you make (coughing, sneezing, etc) with out picking up other people in the room-it will pick up your cute, cool, or annoying cell phone ringtone from across the room though. The only complaint I have is the noises that come out of it if you forget to take it off and go too far away from the PS3 while the headset if still on.

5800	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I just bought my fourth Motorola RAZR (April 2013) ...(this one was the RAZR V3i) since 2004.  I needed a quad band international unlocked version since I do a lot of travel overseas.  Once again for a great phone, yes without all smart phone capabilities that some might desire, this one still packs a great punch for the price. It does everything that you need in a basic phone for a great price and without all the hassle of buying into a Verison or T-Mobile plan !! I am glad that I bought a RAZR again.  Also, The texting capabilities were an improvement over the Motorola RAZR 3 that I still use.....but it will be my back up,if needed.
Pros:
3560	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought mine at a T-Mobile store, so I didnt' get the great deal that is being offered. But I was upgrading. I've been a customer since they came to America in 2002 (Voicestream).
If you have need for multiple cell types to be amplified, this is the choice for you.  However if you have one provider, and are planning on sticking with them, almost every single provider now offers a variant of what is known as a femtocell.  Essentially you plug it in to your high speed internet, it broadcasts cell signal, and it routes out through internet.  One downside is that some providers charge you a monthly fee for doing this (but generally give you unlimited talking when using it), others just charge you for the price of the box (generally less than what this costs).
5664	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	CAUTION:  To get an entire product usable on your device you are likely to have to deal with TWO, maybe MORE, separate vendors, shipments, multiple shipping charges, and hard to find specs on what tip fits what Exactly which devices.  NO ONE cares enough to really help you out.  Returns of some part(s) are likely, and add more to cost and to your wait for a fully functional product.  It is NOT the product, it is the AMAZON and SUB-VENDOR system that creates a mess.
4123	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this item fits the phone perfect and it absorbs the shock when phone falls (which can be frequent for me lol).


Standby for days- I have not found how many days it will go on standby yet, so far 2 with a few 20 minute conversations.

4791	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this with Energizer 9v battery which works just fine with this item.
It does what it says, and it's easy to use.
8312	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	did not charge the phone, would cost more to ship back than it is worth, I guess it is the chance you take.

3698	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The "Plantronics Discovery 650E" is a very inexpensive Bluetooth Headset that has a good number of features and performs reasonalby well, for the price.

Another improvement suggestion would be to allow you to manually turn off the battery pack -- currently, you have to leave it on and let a timeout shut it off. Perhaps New Trent could allow the user to long-hold the power button to manually force shut off?
6247	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Some say this does not work and I don't know why it's not for them.  For me it's great!  I have an LG Optimus.  The is essentially a battery pack that will recharge my phone battery.  I travel for work a lot and now I never worry about my battery running out.  It takes about 2 hours to put a full charge on the phone and I can get at least 2 to 3 charges off of the unit before I need to recharge that.  The unit itself is easy to recharge.  I either plug it into to my computer via USB or I use an iPod style wall charger and plug into that.  This is must for any Android user that can't always be near a power source.
Turns on and off by extending the boom.  Lets you turn it on only when you need it, just like the Moto earpiece.
5010	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got it to fit my phone headphone hole without taking the case off and works great.
6665	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have AT&T for my phone service but in my home I get either no signal to maybe one bar. AT&T wanted to charge me a monthly fee for a similar product that MAY work. I purchased this product and now have five bars with no problems at all! Definitely buy this before thinking about other products. You will definitely be satisfied!
1589	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	An excellent product. The ear piece is comfortable and doesn't hurt. My prior unit hurt my ear after an hour. The sound is clear. I would recommend it to everyone.
I would definitely order this case again; in fact I would NOT order any OTHER case. It's perfect for me. Even has a nylon "loop" on the side to attach something else or put in a pen, in my case reading glasses :-) This is a terrific buy.
9861	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This mount does not work well. It looks bad, falls off my window, and is just plain awkward.
3087	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It's virtually impossible to key in telephone numbers correctly.  The numbers are spread arbitrarily around the keyboard.

I don't think anyone would buy this thing if they realized that the snake is not flexible.

My only two complaints about the device is that the 12V plug did not fit quite so snugly in the 12V outlet of my VW and would sometimes lose contact and need to be reseated, AND it is a little bulky and awkward. I think it is really designed to be mounted someplace in the vehicle, away from the vehicle's outlet (hence the long cord), but I had to cram all that stuff into the center console where it was a little bit outsized.

2711	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For a few years I used a work-paid Pocket PC. As I wasn't paying for it, I took what I was given but I was disappointed with the unit for the most part. Prior to it I had been a BlackBerry user for a while and had loved it.
9821	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought these batteries for a multi-function Suunto watch I've got, & so far I'm happy with them. The generic batteries that came with the watch when I first bought it lasted about 3 years, (with moderate use of the watch's functions), so we'll see how these batteries hold up to generics, heh. Right now it's 4 stars because even though these are DEF. the cheapest I've seen these batteries go for, I could "pay" for that later. Let's just say that this rating is just temporary & my REAL rating will be posted when I've seen how good these batteries really are. :-P
4802	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good

1) The case that I received didn't fit perfectly. There was a little bit of slack in the clear vinyl front.

9489	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	WeBoost is Wilson Electronics new re branded product name.  It had me confused for awhile.  The company located in UT designs and builds its own product line, a rarity in todays Asian based electronic dominance.

1811	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I put the antenna on the very top of my roof with it verticle ran the cable to my computer room and my phone got all 5 bars in the computer room pretty much right next to the unit. Go about 10 feet and the signal goes back down to 1 to 2 to roaming, this is line of sight of the base unit. The manual states that it will cover 2500sq ft, there is no way it would or could cover that much area let alone 10ft. The manual states that the base unit is only a .25watt and talking to a communication buisness that sells similar units that are more high end and are up to 3watts those won't even cover that much area. If you want any mobility to roam around the house and get good signal don't waste your money on this, if you are stationary with your phone or tether it to your desktop then this would work for you. One thing postitve I can say the customer service was right on the phone with me and very friendly.
Cons:

Potential Improvements:
1687	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	worked very well

PROS: Power saving - just fold the microphone boom and it saves both headset and phone power. Very fast pairing and decent range. Great sound quality - you'll find yourself turning it down a lot!


Some have complained about their systems throwing up a flag/ warning that it is not an OEM battery--- for me when I installed Windows 7 it got rid of all of the bloatware that comes preinstalled, including some of the Lenovo utilities that are not needed. So with that, I do not get any messages and this is the first time in a long time that the battery will show "plugged in, not charging" as the battery has held a charge nicely. If it can stay this way and I even get half of the life as I did my original--- I would give it ten stars as for under $30 it in a matter of words "made my day".
1488	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Comfortable, easy to pair, affordable. BUT, the volume is inadequate for driving. I have a quiet riding Lexus and had difficulty hearing at highway speed. I can't imagine using it in a noisier environment at all. I guess if you're the kind of person who can talk on a cell phone over loud night club music, this is a nice unit.


5844	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great just for call and SMS



 Sound Loud and Clear,
Sound Quality - This is really the top area to question with a headset. I'm happy to report that this headset delivers nicely in this area. I am able to use less than the max volume setting in most cases which is definite progress over the other headsets I have used. On the other end, it is important that you don't have the volume louder than you need it because otherwise people hear an echo of themselves due to the close proximity of the speaker to the microphone. However, I have found the echo to be less of an issue than it is on the HS850.
Product has been packaged for returned.

9493	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It Barely works at my house.
2281	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This headset is good but not without problems. Much not apparent immediately. Here is the list of plusses:
I have owned various boosters over the years, starting with a hard-wired wilson one that had to be plugged into a port on the phone. After that one died (and most phones no longer had ports anyway), I got the "sleek" cradle booster. It worked pretty well, but as phones got larger, the small size did not accommodate them as well. My sleek lasted a few years (not nearly as long as the original wired amp) and also died. I looked at the newer offerings and considered the 4G-M and 4G-X units, but decided to save the money and go cradle type again.
Buy the IMP500, It's size is great (about the size of a cell phone) and it greatly increases your run time for a cell phone.


If the Centro had larger keys for the keyboard and the ability to voice dial over Bluetooth, I would've given it 5 stars.  But as it is, it's almost perfect!


In the interest of honesty I must add that I worked for Motorola Computers Systems in the mid 80's.
6576	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This weBoost Drive 4G Cell Phone Booster actually works quite well for me in my car. For a quick test I placed the antenna in the back of my car and ran the wire all the way to the front where I use my phone. I have noticed that it boosts reception a couple of notches in areas where I normally experience poor reception. Now I'm going to take it to the work shop for a professional and neat installation. I fear that running the wire where the window closes on it often will eventually damage the equipment.
5193	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had owned a Sony Ericson HBH-DS980 and an HBH-IS700. the DS980 rocked, can't say much for the latter. The BT3030 headset is great because I can workout in it and not worry about it while sweating. My DS980 broke because of the humidity, lol. the headphones that accompany it are garbage but if you get some sony's or skull candy you will be all set. All the controls work and it lasts sometimes longer than six hours. I totally recommend this if you are looking for a headset that is semi-classy while rugged, this would be the headset you take with you on a bike trail or in a conference meeting using the clip(which wasn't included in mine but it's cool).
-Add that I can basically use as many e-mail accounts on it as I like.
The fit is great, and the sound is good, could use better noise cancellation, but oh well, maybe in a future model. But overall , I like the 250V. I recommend it to anyone. Just roll your windows up if your driving, or you won't be heard by the other end of your call.

3652	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is a perfect fit for the Samsung T629 and slides easily over your belt. Good quality leather and so far it has no signs of wear after about a months use. Excellent price compared to the cell store offerings.
Good case overall - it does limit the opening ability so it can't open all the way....but all the way isn't needed.

So this product is one of the best accessories I have ever encountered and wow, 500 recharge cycles! I don't have much else to explain, except for it being an AWESOME product. Go New Trent!
272	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this extended battery for a while now and I can say my phone goes to 58% after 10 hrs of light use. I surf and use 1 app heavily so its doing a great job lasting still. I'm so glad I bought this extended battery and it's under warranty for 24 months! 
UPDATE: Turns out my 2 star review was way too generous. All 3 of these eventually stopped working properly. A truly staggering level of apathy by the manufacturer...

5545	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My stock battery was really becoming a nuisance. It wasn't even lasting two hours. Additionally, there are supposed to be 2 points of percent battery charge to give you fair time to be alerted and plug into power. First you're supposed to get a Low-Battery Alarm at 10% followed by a Critical-Battery Alarm at 3%. At the Low-Battery Alarm, I have a wav file which gives me a clear indication I need to head to a power outlet. One would think I could get up out of my chair, walk into the next room and plug in. Wrong! My old battery went into total nosedive mode and I hit the two warnings Bang-Bang and laptop was dead. Now this new battery provides over 3 hours worth of power. Tonight I've been using my laptop for 1.5 hours and the battery icon says I still have 68% or 2:15 hours left. Wow!! I really hope this battery maintains this trend! It gets my vote!!!
Plugged directly in, no problem.
The three included USB modes support the Samsung PC software, Windows Media Player protocol, and accessing the MicroSD (if present) like a USB memory stick. There is a choice to "ask me when connecting" - but it greys out all but the Samsung PC software, so this setting is useless.
With detachable USB to Micro USB Cable.
Still, this is one hell of a headset, and I recommend it to anyone who wants comfort and good clear sound.


Unit has not been tested with my ipad's.
8415	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I put this on the window and it popped off a few times I think because it was so new and stiff. I wanted to put it in the kitchen while washing dishes and cleaning in general to not only answer the phone but hear my music.. I was a little nervous at first but it now is fine.
  My only other concern is getting an effective earbud case for this unit.  I have the Motorola case, but find the too small strap that holds (supposed to) the earbud secured inside comes loose easily (leather and teeny tiny bit of velcro).  My earbud has dropped from this case numerous times, and I am fortunate that I have been on carpet when it fell out (4 times so far)  Motorola or someone needs to create a better model.  My $ is going to them.
Gorilla Glue: this is really good glue
8480	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Here is an inexpensive but yet very efficient BTB (Bridge to Bridge) ratio to stay in contact if you do need to when boating or kayaking. You even call out for help if need to be. IF you into kayaking a few miles away from the beach looking for those big fishes, then it is a must.
196	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This charger is not the same as what you get in the original packaging. It's not a separate charger/usb cable but it does the job its meant to do and is twice as long as the stock charger that comes with the droid x.


7717	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product fits perfectly. Easy to install and fits snugg to phone. Exactly as described. Will be ordering from again.

1688	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent!!
However, if I get more than about 12 feet from the base unit, the signal strength drops off dramatically.  This system is advertised to provide 2500 feet of coverage. No way!  This translates to a signal RADIUS from the base station (A=pi times r-squared) of about 28 feet.  At 28 feet distance from base station I get NOTHING.  The actual area of effective coverage for this base unit is about 450 square feet. Perhaps the manufacturer is including the space above and below the base unit to get 2500 cubic feet !


3003	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Would buy these again, i love them. I don't have the phone anymore, and i still have on of these floating around somewhere. Don't want to throw away a good item :D
We have a moderate sized home and have great connectivity in most of the home, but very bad connectivity in the kitchen, office and living room. While we typically have 4  bars in most of the house, we usually have 1 bar at best in the kitchen and it's not unusual to have no coverage. Even when we do , calls drop all the time and it's very annoying.  We took a gamble and bought the Wilson.
if anyone has had a different experience with compatibility, please let me know.
4158	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had 4 bluetooth headsets so far and I have to say this is on the top of the pile.
3571	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received this as a gift last year, and after a year of use, I give it an unqualified thumbs up.  I used this on several long distance road trips, traveling well over a thousand miles each time, without once consulting my road atlas.  I can only remember one glitch and the unit got me back on track without too much trouble.  Although street names are not spoken, the directions, voice, etc are all clear, and locks onto the maps very quickly.  It was very helpful in planning out my route and deciding where to make our stops.  The unit is lightweight and I carry it in my purse.
8289	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very Good Pouch, Like it. 5 Stars.
843	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Probably the best headset i've bought. There tips are little difficult  to use but you can switch it out for the typical ones on most  earbuds. The range and sound are good and they are sweat proof from what I can tell with my use.

6402	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case was bought to house an iphone and a mophie combination. Works very well have used it everyday for 1 year. it needs replacing do to wear but held up well
Then, if i want to read beyond the header, click and wait again.
3) The engineering and craftmanship is outstanding
I've read lots of opinions and to me some people are trying to get a laptop in a phone.  Get real.  It's a phone with a PDA or vice-verce.  They also complained about the soft reset button being where the battery latch is.  Who cares??  To me that's petty.  This is my first smartphone so I don't have anything to compare it to.  I just know I'm comparing it to two former PDA's (ipaq and sony) and my former cell phones (nokia and motorola).  While the screen resolution could be better, it's fine for what I need it for.  When I switched from my ipaq to my sony, I never could get used to palm's os.  I'm glad to be back home again!

I purchased and used this in conjunction with this power strip&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Monster-MP-OTG400-BK-Outlets-To-Go-4-Outlet-Travel-Power-Strip-Black/dp/B000F9YN2M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Monster MP OTG400 BK Outlets To Go 4 Outlet Travel Power Strip (Black)</a>&nbsp;and it worked pretty good. I was worried about a blowout but it never happened. At any one time I was charging 2 camera batteries, a cell phone, and Ipod and running a netbook and it all worked.
Every single Samsung product (phones, home entertainment, etc) I have bought in the past 3 years has looked pretty and been supposedly loaded with features. However, each was loaded with glitches. No more Samsung for me!
830	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love thus
- It never cuts out in the middle of call.
You can't use a regular closed case with this installed, plus you can't use the holstered profile, and you can't use a desktop charger either. Overall it would be better to use a good leather case than this thing. Cheaper too.
  -Parental controls allows for programming who she can call/receive calls from, in addition to time limits, ect.
-NOT a headset solution for the iPod thorugh SKYPE!!! Still must plug in a MIC to the iPod.
8623	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bought for my iPod case to be able to mount it in my truck since I have an adapter already installed
The Chocolate is just flat-out awkward to use, no matter how familiar you become with it. It isn't user friendly, and it isn't an enjoyable phone to use. But it does have one great use. Hand it to a friend who has never used a Chocolate, then sit back and roar with laughter when they try to place a call.

------
6884	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No problem so far.


- cover with cloth during final tightening to avoid scratching

Motorola really needs to work on some quality issues and make some minor changes to the design.
MIT
I like it and so far have not seem any problem.  I also purchased a Sandisk 4GB Secure Digital SD HC Memory Card at the same time and use it for extra storage when needed but so far it has not been necessary.

6784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pretty great price for a set of 5 395/S927W batteries. Needed to replace two watch batteries and my Walgreens was ripping me off. The batteries are packaged as pictured, and both of the ones I've used seem to be working perfectly thus far.
4943	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought several of these as a workaround for cases that have too narrow a plug hole on the iphone5 I also started using them to protect constant unplugging of my itouch & headphone jacks that were too large. After a few days one side shorted out & it was the adapter connection that had frayed even though it was never removed by wire-always carefully handled...i replaced it w a new spare but several weeks of trying to figure out what the sound quality problems were with new headphones and whether it was a ripping/ download setting....finally discovered the distortion & thin sound was this adapter!! I used another since i had  a third i had yet to use and same result!! These are crappy sounding adapters that might allow you to plug in a headphone for a week or less but also GREATLY compromising sound quality!

86	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well. We use this for travel and it lives in our luggage most of the year. For the low price having an extra USB charger this works great. Charges our Galaxy S3 and Note 2.
  4.  White color version?
6. People have said that "there are only four volume positions". What the earpiece has is a button that transmits "volume up" and "volume down" to the phone. It gets back a message that says "ok" or "end of limit".  My phone has eight volume steps and when I adjust the volume, the adjustment steps appear on a slider on the faceplate. I also suspect that on the phone is where the volume adjustment is happening.  So how many volume steps you have is based on what your phone can do, not on what the headset can do. (I'm a little hard of hearing, in a quiet room, I find that six of eight is about right, in a more noisy area, seven of eight).
Starts to sync (sometimes) but after a few seconds it drops me...
The instructions suggest powering up the Weboost and watching the bars rise.  Starting with 1/2 bar, I plugged it in, looking forward to doing exactly that.  No rise.  The power adapter showed only a solid red light.  The instructions direct the user to the online manual for this issue.  After something of a fishing expedition, I found the manual, which says the red light means the unit has powered off due to oscillation and the fix is to move the antenna.

UPDATE 9/27/07: I bought a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/SanDisk-SDMSM2-4096-A11M-4GB-Memory-Stick-Micro-M2/dp/B000RGZMYQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">SanDisk SDMSM2-4096-A11M 4GB Memory Stick Micro (M2)</a>&nbsp;and it works perfectly. 4GB of music!!!
6385	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had not given any real thought about purchasing a case for my phone. Once I read the description of this body glove, and the great price, I figured I couldn't lose in trying it. I am SO glad I did! It is the best protector your phone could have. It went over so well, my son and husband purchased one!
6. No problems with long usage, unlike Jabra BT250, which used to irritate the skin on the back of my ear if I used it too long or too often.
8372	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This device saves me the hassle of plugging and unplugging the auxiliary cable from my phone every single time.  The moment that I walk in my car, I'm connected right away.  So easy.  It was quite difficult for me to pair the remote with the device, but since my Motorola Droid does not have voice recognition, so it doesn't matter.  I only use the "phone" button on the remote to accept calls.
i highly recommend to deal with this seller and buy his product
1581	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Voyager 510 is very comfortable to wear and was easy to setup. The speaker volume is good with little or no static. Plus the it doesn't look like a block of plastic hanging off your ear. I highly recommend this headset.


  - Can't really think of anything
Battery Life: The claim that Sony Ericsson has poor battery life, in short, is complete bull ****. Those that say they had short battery life... you just got a lemon (or are trying to reason yourself out of the fact that buying a shine was actually a poor decision). My OTHER sister, who also got a Sony Ericsson, also gets great battery life with hers. Rather than the claimed "3-4 day charge" that many people on this forum and others are claiming, I have found that the phone will last over a week (11-13 days). The LG Shine, which is said to have poor battery life, disappoints: its battery life is indeed very short. The papers that the LG Shine comes with claims that battery life is around 3 hours of talk time, up to 240 hours (10 days) of standby time, is standard marketing bull ****: through a test of 10 different charges with three different batteries, the phone has lasted no more than 3 days before it required a charging.

1. The user manual is sufficient but most functions are explained via pictures.  Including pictures and text would be better.
So overall:  Nice case.  But not for the iPhone.


Overall a great looking case.
So, don't buy this for the k1m.  The LG headsets with the 2.5mm plug for the Chocolate works with the k1m.  I ordered another LG headset for my k1m.

I did drop $10 for the terminal program, and it has already become helpful - the terminal program is wonderful for something on such a tiny device. I can check out servers by connecting to them in raw mode, by port. I can ssh, securely, to my server. There are lots of disconnects, mostly related to when you stop typing to think for a couple of minutes, but a program available in Linux called "screen" allows you to save programs running in the background and reconnect to them, see their output, get status, and all that stuff. I can even get on IRC using a character mode IRC client.
Reception with this phone is much better in black spots than with Nokia phones.

* Monthly fees associated with true turn-by-turn navigation software. The GPS does work great with BlackBerry Maps and Google Maps for location. Not quite the same as Telenav.
2873	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far so good. Sadly the only worth while headphones I have around are some old Sennheisers HD 280 Pro which are 68ohms. They drive them like a champ. The sound is crisp, clear and full of punch. But won't know if they can really push until end of the year when I plan on getting my Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro which are 250ohms. Will update review then.
I have tried Plantronics Voyager 510, Voyager 520 and a model in Motorola already(don't remember the model number). I am an iPhone 3g user and I had problems with 510(it is having old bluetooth version). Then I tried 520 which is good in automatic standby mode, light weight, charge withstand time etc., But the volume wasn't good enough even when I travel in a car.
WEB: Not bad, even though it's not 3G yet. Using the WIFI delivers the pages to the device really quickly.
The key seems to be that you need to have at least a week signal to begin with, so if you have no signal, I really can't speak to it. However we had one bar at best for most of the house and the problem was completely resolved.  The wife and i both work from home frequently and the daughter is a 13 year old who constantly talks to friends.  we haven't had a single call drop since this was added, and I think we've had a chance to really test it adequately since we use our cell phones for work meetings (and daughter talks frequently to other friends). Dropped calls are such a completely pain in the butt so the elimination of drops alone justifies the price. the fact we don't have to constantly say "Are you still there, can you hear me" over and over is just icing on the cake. It's a good unit, I'm very glad I bought it, bought one for the parents b/c I'm quite sure it'll fix their problem and would gladly buy another one.
AOL Instant Messanger

GOOD RECEPTION: You can mount it near or on a window to get what the company calls "good" reception. This is what I did. We live in Northern Minnesota and I was concerned with how the adverse cold weather here (ice storms, hail, snow and below zero temps) would damage the casing of the receiver. Also if I was to mount it outside, the signal might be affected if layers of ice and snow gathered on top of it. This also kept me from having to run a coax cable outside.
3042	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Other reviewers mentioned the directions being sub par -I would agree. Too many omissions or confusing sections. However, I did get it installed and it does work. The chimes were also mentioned as being unsatisfactory. I think the chimes are fine.

So how about the best of both worlds for those of us that have been spoiled by the 510 but can't quite stand the bulk, and it being flipped off our ear by the bottom of the BTE hitting our jacket collar??!!
and went to the site to activate it, and it said to put in 19-20 numbers, but there

I've been using the Trent external charger for over a year now, especially on international flights.  Absolutely wonderful!
2165	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'll make this short and sweet... I've had the phone for a month now.
The case barely closed, and the magnetic snap would obviously pop open every few minutes.  (But not to worry, the phone won't get lost, because it takes two hands and two minutes to remove the phone from the case.)


UPDATE Checked out these meters on YouTube and this one was obviously DOA, bought it from Amazon Warehouse, obviously it was DOA and then they sold it to me. Bummer.
When I enter an phone number in the address book, it doesn't put hyphens between the area code, prefix, and last four digits.  That's not fatal, but a pet peeve, and makes it difficult for me to figure out the numbers as they come up.
7524	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	does what I want it to do.
7491	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	NMEA T connectors have a slot/tab arrangement on the connectors to assure the pins are lined up properly.  On this Garmin T the slot/tab is oriented about 45 degrees different from the Lowrance brand T.  They still mate up and work but don't lie flat together.  One or the other is going to stick up a little.  Using the same brands is advisable if you are going to hook several T's together without a cable between them.
3. My first BT headset

Likes
Dealing with Motorola support was a nightmare.  Apparently, their support center for these products was in Argentina, and they could only do what was in their script to help me.  After the fourth failure, I insisted on getting a support contact at their corporate HQ in Illinois.  That support contact was a dream.  After reviewing my case, he gave me the H700 as a replacement.  I had that headset for 1.5 years, and it had kept its battery life and functionality.  Of course, I lost it and had to buy a replacement...and given all the choices, I got another H700.
7338	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great phone.
4140	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had this headset (Jawbone 1) for over 3 years or so, bought on ebay as a double pack for $80.  I have never used a headset before in my life, but my ex husband has and he loved this one as well.  I could never tell he was wearing his and I am told when I make calls using it that they think I am on the phone not a bluetooth.  The charging thing is a little of a pain in the butt but you get use to it.  I love this cause I can have the windows down in the car and still hear the other person and they can hear me great they say.  I guess it can be a little uncomfortable but hey it comes with a ton of ear hooks and buds so give them a try before you decide its not for you.  I have never had a problem with the hooks breaking either as another reviewer said.  I never have to adjust it in my ear when walking or running.  I read reviews on it before I bought it cause I always want to know what others think of it and they loved it as much as I do.  I am actually going to try another one that I bought today which has not come in the mail yet its the Motorola H790 which has great reviews on best buy's website.  I may or may not like it but I do know that the Jawbone 1 is by far my favorite and I may not even use the Motorola, may have to give it to my daughter or boyfriend.  It all depends, but overall I give this headset 5 stars cause it is stellar in sound quality and ease of use.


They may be a great "deal", but DOA means NO DEAL !!

Earpiece is not that loud.
I contacted WELLGOAL for a refund, but they insisted these adapters were ONLY FOR iPHONE 3G AND 3GS, and thus were not defective. If I wanted to return them, they said I had to pay for return shipping and restocking fees. I balked, and they offered me a 20% refund if I simply kept them. I ended up doing that, as it was the cheapest option. But I will be avoiding WELLGOAL from here on out.

Prices vary widely; shop around.
3508	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great durable case. No problems with touch screen or people being able to hear me.
Recommended.

6742	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Need these for a Casio watch.
Good Screen

I don't have a smartphone, so my not-so-smart-phone may not be the best indicator of how easy it is to insert a mobile phone into the Drive 4G-S cradle. The best way I found to slide my phone into the cradle was to first completely remove the side arms from the cradle. This is done by sliding each arm individually up the side of the Drive 4G-S until it is removed. The width of the arms can be adjusted to three different widths, depending on the width of your phone. (Note: Don't try to adjust the width by pulling the arms sideways. Push each arm up and out, then insert again from the top a little closer until they fit your phone--there are three settings: narrow, medium & wide). My phone is only about 2" wide, so I needed to adjust the arms to the narrowest setting. It appears that the arms can be adjusted to a maximum width of a little over 3". Since I don't have one of the large smartphones to test it out, I'm calculating the maximum width the best I can. As I mentioned earlier, the arms also slide up and down so they can be set to the right height to secure each phone. I thought the adjustable design of the arms was one of the best and most practical features on this Drive 4G-S. By the way, I inserted my not-so-smart-phone with its case still on. I would suspect, though, that this may not be possible for all phones depending on how much extra bulk the case adds.
815	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great! No issues.

8365	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great little rings--they're strong and do the job. I've bought them twice to attach to my small Sandisk Micro USBs. Amazingly, even the 64 GB is so tiny that it barely protrudes from my notebook's USB port, so I leave 3 of them in my computer at all times--almost 200 GB more of data that I can easily transfer to other devices. But they're so tiny that I've lost a couple after removing them--hence these little straps.
1668	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset proved to be a very pleasant surprised after trying
1700	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	junk

4831	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this is a great multi bluetooth headset use it with my htc xv6800 and zumo 550 its all great
9389	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works fine with ATT, TMobile data.  Does nothing for Sprint phones.  And it seems to only help with data speeds, It doesn't appear to do anything for phone calls.
432	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this recently and did not expect much, as it was only $2.99 shipped to my door.  For that much money, how can you go wrong?  So, I have not used it to transfer data yet, as it it plugged into my PC at work just for charging.  When plugged in, my Palm Pixi prompts me, just as the factory cable does, to transfer or charge.  I have used this cable about 10x to charge now, and it works great!  Do not hesitate to purchase this if you need another cable, or two!
competive price for business and industrial

It. Solid 6 out of a 5star rating. Home charger included in kit I glady also give a 6 out of 5star rating.

I bought this thing a few weeks ago in preparation for a trip to NY.  I chose it over a TomTom and a Magellan, that had similar features and were within the same price range.
The keypad is a bit on the small side, and feels like dry plastic.  It's OK for me because I have small hands, but I don't think a man would enjoy using the small, non-descript keys. The letters on the keys are hard to see being so small.  When I enter text, I still have to look--er, squint--at the keypad.  I don't pay for texting service, so it's not a huge hassle, but if you text, I can't imagine it would be much fun.

6744	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Work as advertised. Good quaility
9476	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This weBoost Drive 4G Cell Phone Booster actually works quite well for me in my car. For a quick test I placed the antenna in the back of my car and ran the wire all the way to the front where I use my phone. I have noticed that it boosts reception a couple of notches in areas where I normally experience poor reception. Now I'm going to take it to the work shop for a professional and neat installation. I fear that running the wire where the window closes on it often will eventually damage the equipment.
If you order this or any other item and don't receive what was pictured and listed, contact the seller.  Most of them would rather just give you a refund because they know they are shipping a different brand than what is listed.
(1)  Greatly reduces disconnects and drop-outs;
N95 vs.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sony-Ericsson-K850i/dp/B0010PM1HO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sony Ericsson K850i</a>
1077	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had my SKII fo a little over a month now and find it a good fit for my needs.  I am a business user, not a Snoop Dog groupie, and this is a VERY cool device.
There is no headset out there that is more comfortable. It sits perfectly and I can literally wear it all day and not have any pressure points bothering me. It sits perfectly in your ear, so that it feels snug and secure without pinching anywhere.  The foresight of Plantronics to send out the extra earpieces for personalized fitting is genius.  That made all the difference for me.
4066	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this charger to prepare for a recent trip I was taking that required a 5 hour plane ride. I have an iPod Touch and I knew it wouldn't last for the whole flight without some backup charge. This charger did the trick; half way through the flight, the iPod registered as being 20% of battery levels, so I just plugged the Turbo Charge in, turned it on, and waited 10 minutes or so for it to charge. Then my iPod levels were high enough to continue for the rest of the trip. I also like the charger because it allows me to use rechargeable AA batteries, so I just brought a bunch of pre-charged batteries on the trip with me and had enough power for the full trip.

7675	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The E51 is sleek, built for style and productivity...a rare combination that means popularity with true merit. So I'm quite puzzled that this phone isn't being pushed as much as the N95.
311	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First of all, the battery is well made and heavy (7,800mah). The extended cover is just okay, doesn't offer the water resistance that the factory cover offers and it feels a little cheap (brittle) like it will break if dropped. The out protective cover seems okay but doesn't feel like it offers much cushion if dropped. The battery arrived at 58% and it only took about 1 1/4 hrs to top off. If definitely makes the phone feel more substantial. Will update after a couple weeks. Bought this on sale for $40 with the much needed accessories, large battery and a two year warranty. UPDATE: My normal battery would only last about 12 hours (around 20% remaining) of my normal use before I had to charge it, this battery has last over 24 hours and is currently at 70%. So it definitely last longer and looks like it will be able to go for at least another day before charging.

6507	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	increased bar level from a 1 or none to 3-4, phones couldn't be used in certain parts of the house or in summer would lose it. This has made possible get service without having to stand in 1 corner of the house.


Very study and well built
3. Very good audio quality reported on the far end.
2. The earpieces are prone to fall out and don't stay secured after about 6 months.


3428	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The case arrived and was immediately applied to the Galaxy S4.  Upon clipping to the belt, the clip broke.  We had not even owned it for 15 minutes, and it is useless.


Show-stopping problems:
One more thought, if you are out and about outdoors a lot like I am this kit would be a great emergency addition if anything where to happen to you in a weak cell area. For now, until I can install it in my camper I am keeping it in my truck for the "just in case" situations. It even has a sporty handle on the original box to carry everything in!

It is also easy to depress the button by accident while in the bag, and ended up turning on the laser for a long period of time unintentionally.
This one does the job just fine. The 'notebook' design gives decent screen protection inside my travel bag, and the magnet clasp holds it securely closed. There's a detachable vinyl-stitched matching Lanyard which is also handy.
2560	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Call me native but I did not expect for it to cause the phone to heat up so much. After, about 10 minutes of phone activity the phone was noticeably hotter.

The only problem I had is with the belt clip.  It came to me with a fine leather covering over the belt clip.  The belt clip is very tight, and the second time I put it on my belt, the leather covering it tore and came off.  It really didn't affect the functioning at all, but I was annoyed that something I just purchased came apart on the second use.
The blue lights that show status and charge capacity are a very nice plus.
-light weight
1) Audio - ...is stellar. Yes, its prone to interference, but I've yet to see a unit that doesn't occasionally give you a bit of static (JX10 - I'm looking at you!). Callers were impressed to hear that I was using a headset.
If it did not quit on me I would certainly recommend it as a phone headset.
Anyway, this H300 simply uses one AAA battery. It lasts even longer than the H500 did and you can just keep an extra AAA battery in the car if it goes dead. Plus it is not too heavy even using a removable battery.
Well I just bought another one brand new and noticed that the battery was lasting only 1.5 hours the two times I've used it and today I discovered why.

- micro usb charger  port
The only problem I had with it, and its a minor issue, is that the led indicator lights are a little hard to see to gauge charging levels, especially from a distance.


2) Durability: This phone is tough.  Not many moving parts, no fancy operating system, solid integrated keys.
732	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well put-together with what seems to be high-quality materials.  It's just the right size for what I needed, a carryall I can take on international travels that stays attached (to me).

I also noted that this thing got very warm, almost hot. My older Wilson Electronics Sleek has never been anything but room temperature .
6230	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So I bought this extra battery to charge my iPhone 4S and my iPad 2. I expected to get one maybe two charges out of it. Now granted I did not have a fully drained device when I charged them, but even so my experience with other batteries has been that they don't last but one or two charges.  Another trait of the other batteries is that they don't hold a charge very well, i.e. if you don't use them often then tend to die fast. This battery lasts just fine.
GPS- Now for the gps where I happen to live is a little glitchy.  When I am in an area it says that I have no satelitte connection when I have had a connection there before which makes no sense and then I will go there another day and end up having it work fine... All in all i would give it 3 and a half stars.
4834	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for a while and it has worked well.  It is easy to lose the rubber ear piece and it is hard to find if you do.  It is also impossible to find a replacement.  Otherwise, it has had no problems and sounds good, is comfortable, and has good battery life.

9761	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Satisfied with the product.  Good value for the price.

5 - Belt clip is not strong enough. I wouldn't trust it.
So I did my research and decided I liked the idea of the WeBoost brand; they seemed reputable and had a fairly clear explanation of their products, various videos, etc. I would have liked the next model up, which requires installing an exterior antenna, but it wasn't practical in my circumstance. I live alone, I'm disabled, I don't have anyone to climb up to my roof to install the antenna, heck; I don't even own a tall ladder. And I can't afford to hire someone to do it either, so this model seemed more feasible without much hassle. Also, I've found that my "best spot" seems to change with the season, the dropping of leaves on the trees, the snow or lack of snow, etc., and I really didn't like the idea of a permanently placed antenna that's not easily adjustable. So with this model, I can move it to a different window if needed, or even change the angle slightly from inside, which I like.
Update: According to exhaustive googling, the touch-tone problem can be fixed, temporarily, by pulling the battery for 10 seconds to reset the basic settings.  This has worked for me - from time to time, touch-tone stops working on automated menus.  Pulling the battery and resetting the phone gets it working again, at least for a while.
8304	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Enjoy the convenience of being able to retract after use.  Takes up less space and doesn't get in the way.  Excellent product, works very well!
Final note: I've used the Palm Desktop for PIM stuff (contacts, calendar, to do's) off and on for years and I'm still impressed with it's features and easy/quick navigation. They've always been ahead of the pack - I know many of the newer phones come with similar PIM software so your PC can talk to your new phone but aside from BlackBerry no one else is even in the ballpark.
* Unlike some, it is very comfortable to me, for long periods of time, and I wear mine for hours at a time. Lighweight and small...compared to my Motorola H700, it's heaven. I forget it's even on sometimes.
5351	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ordered these after trying a couple BlueTooth headsets. BlueTooth either sounded great in stereo, but phone conversation was bad; or audio quailty was crappy.

1. Good output volume and quality. When I'm using Plantronics Voyager 510, people I'm talking to can't tell I'm on a cell phone with a Bluetooth headset - not even when I'm driving (windows closed). The case was the opposite when I was using Jabras, when I used to hear complaints about noise, static and low volume of my voice.
2257	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I ordered 4 of these for DRO's on my mini mill & lathe.  Out of the 4, I could only use 1.  The others were all oriented the wrong way.  Too expensive to send back.  Be careful when you order these.  Double check to make sure they will work for you.




The delivery time was exceptionally great: they told me that I would receive it between the 20th September - 9th October; however, I received the package 14th September, which was really great.
Good Screen
4892	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I agree with many of the other reviewers on here, so my 2 cents is just a quick overview:
So unless you don't care about protection (a bizarre concept perhaps only the Chinese might understand ??) or unless you are just looking for an inexpensive clip to use with another case, don't buy this.


One positive note- the thing takes so little energy that I have only charged it up twice since owning it. I've charged it so infrequently that I can't find the charger cable.

481	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very Good and works well, will do business again
Don't wait until you "need" a  new trackball.  If you use your regularly or play any games on it, change your trackball every 6 months.

-The fuse is on the back (business end) of the unit, pressure applied wrong while fumbling can cause the cover to come off and fuse to pop out. Consider tape.

3673	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THIS CAR AND HOME CHARGER ARE GREAT. THE CAR CHARGER IS GREAT AS MY HUSBAND USUALLY ONLY LIKE TO CHARGE HIS IN THE CAR. BUT THE HOME CHARGER IS HANDY WHEN HE FORGETS TO CHARGE IN THE CAR.

With nothing running on my phone except Waze and Audible (my usual combo when driving) the battery icon showed charging on AC, BUT was losing power at the rate of 5% per hour.  On a long trip I was forced to turn the phone completely off for a few hours to get it to charge.  In fairness it could have been a defective unit but I won't be wasting time trying another of this model.

bonuses for me. :) ~Dawn W.

* Clip for your shirt or pocket.
Good thing I bought this device direct from a tiger. The store is nearby and they took it back without any hassle.
- Both phones have ringtones are loud enough to be heard
993	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GOOD
4839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best headset.  Great sound quality and volume, callers hear me well, battery charge lasts a LONG time, and best of all it is the only headset I have used that doesn't accidently dial my phone when it's in my pocket.  It prevents accidental pocket dialing because the boom mic needs to be unfolded to make calls.  Also, when someone calls all you have to do is unfold the mic and put the headset on your ear.  Do that and the headset will answer the call after a couple of seconds.
This is a top notch 5 out of 5 star product. Make it 6 stars.

NOTE: Phone needs to be secured into a mount, with the antenna close behind.  With the laws being passed about no one handed driving on the cell, most people have migrated to a mount simply to comply - the inside antenna works well in this case.
The Bad:
in closing...it is a good phone...but i think its a bit quirky and for me...i didn't consider it an excellent phone...in fact...my nokia 6131 worked better...sorry for the bad review...
1) Required "special" cables to charge devices at full AC speeds.
1170	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little guy is really small but I think that's one of the best characteristics.  No problems with the device.  Machine recognized it immediately.  I would buy this item again if I needed one.
5331	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I did a lot of research before finally settling on a pet barrier for my brand new Subaru Forester.  This was the model I decided on.  I do not regret my choice, because I think I picked the best one out there.  I just wish there was something a little better.
Not after a couple weeks the fabric on the back is pulling away. If you look on the picture you can see the metal clip is on a peice of fabric which is then sewn onto the main part. That part is already separating. I don't expect this to last me more than 3 months tops.
3089	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have had the phone for a week and I am returning it. Samsung really swung for the trees on this and the expectation was high. However no matter how good this phone looks on paper or industry reviews it simply fails to deliver. If you are a consumer that plans on using more then 75% of the features you will be disappointed. Here is why:
Holding down the * key in your message folder and then releasing it after 2 seconds will take you to the oldest unread message.
3066	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Can't say what all those negative reviews are about. My scanner fits in just fine. Great to have a safe place to keep it.  And, BTW, great price on Amazon.

681	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a great price and was exacltly as described.  The larger size was a good fit for the middle console flip top storage of my truck.

1-Phonebook is prehistoric you can't store more than one number under the same name unless you enter the name again.

7212	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a nicely styled, sleek, minimalist Stand for the Apple iWatch. It's nicely done in an angled silvery Aluminum with a brushed finish.
There were hardly any reviews for this headset when I purchased it and I only bought it because of how inexpensive it was.  After a couple of weeks of use, I bought one for my wife and now both my sister-in-laws have one too.  They have the same complaints about the redial button, but are happy with the headset regardless.  I would not recommend this headset at full price, but the after rebate price makes this good, not perfect headset, worthy of trying.
7031	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love the maxpedition products.  This is the second one of these that I own.  The new one I do not like the texture of the spring steal as much but other than that it seems to be the same really good product.  ( I purchased a second one to use with the first one at the same time as I carry two cell phones. )
8151	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for a few years now (purchased Aug 2008) and it just rocks. Fit a power strip from walmart inside and you're set. Just measure the space inside first and take a tape measure with you to walmart so you get one that fits lol.  It hides all the wires of course, and looks great.
1) Gives me rock solid stability in making in house phone calls. Before my signal was so weak, I could barely pick up the signal outside the house, about 115dbm and had no signal at all inside the house most of the time
Red light means the antenna is to close to the receiver.  Green light means is sitting idle and ready for a call.  Flashing green light means you are on a call and it is handling the connection.  If you move away the light goes solid green and cell signal drops, moving closer again the signal comes back and the light begins flashing again.  This is what i have experienced and hopefully it helps...

If you are into messaging, it has some nice features.  It is capable of taking video and voice message clips.  The camera is nice also, with a large screen.  You can type in your message and the phone will predict what word you are typing, so you don't have to punch each button 2 or three times.  Just type the word and the phone will guess what word you want.
I've purposely stress-tested it in some pretty noisy situations.  First of all, my own vehicle.  I have an older car, and it seems to pick up all of the outside noise there is, even with my windows up.  If it is raining, my callers could hear the rain on the windshield when using other headsets.  When a semi drove alongside my car, the noise of the big truck distracted my callers from our conversation.

If you call them today, July 15'th 2008, you will get through the prompts until you are given a wait-time and then the systems tells you to call back later and hangs up on you. I'm not surprised at all. They got rid of 80 % of their customer service workforce.


I have charged my almost dead phone battery three times off the external battery charger without having to recharge the external battery, so it's not like I have to plug in two things to charge each night.  The blue light indicators show you how much battery-power is left in the devise, or as it charges, how full of a charge you have reached.
Cons:
....maybe it's time I finally give the Blackberry a try.... :)
2) Most disappointingly, the microphone boom cracked in half after about 60 days.  I am working with Plantronics' warranty department, but they need a "date code," which is unreadable without a magnifying glass.  I will update once I have some resolution.
7351	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ordered for my uncle and loves it! he say's " the smart phones are to smart, I'll stick with what I know" his is his fourth RAZR!

I'm in the Military, and I specifically bought this device for when I go on deployment.  A 1+GB SD memory card will hold alot of porn!  Haha, not to mention easing my boredom during a long, uneventual watch (games, movies).  Or playing music while exercising.


reasonable price & charges my Samsung Galaxy S-III super fast. It charged
I didn't try sending an MMS, but received one or two of SMS advertisements, so text messaging works.  If you want a phone for overseas travel that will work in almost any country with a local SIM card, consider this one.  As long as you buy from Amazon LLC or use a seller with Amazon Fulfillment, you a) probably will not have any problems and b) will at least get a no questions asked refund with the seller paying return shipping if what you receive does not work as described.
9417	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I waited until using this a few months to make a review. I am overall very pleased. It has increased our signal significantly. Although We do not have a lot of trees and probably have a pretty clear shot to the tower. I don't know how much of a difference that makes. We also bought the cheaper version of this because we where not sure it if would work and are very happy. but if the weather is bad or it is real windy it does not work well.
8962	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/New-Trent-iTorch-IMP52D-5200mAh-External-Battery-Charger-for-the-iPhone-5-4S-4-3GS-3G-iPod-Touch-1G-to-5G-Android-Samsung-Galaxy-Note-S-S2-S3-Note-Note-II-HTC-Sensation-EVO-Thunderbolt-LG-Optimus-V-Blackberry-Bold-Curve-Torch-Droid-Motorola/dp/B0013G8PTS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">New Trent iTorch IMP52D 5200mAh External Battery Charger for the iPhone 5 4S 4 3GS 3G, iPod Touch (1G to 5G), Android (Samsung Galaxy Note S S2 S3, Note/Note II, HTC Sensation EVO Thunderbolt, LG Optimus V), Blackberry (Bold Curve Torch), Droid(Motorola...</a>


Thanks for the company but in the new products I hope that the lower part a small
3366	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Price is the most obvious selling point with this cable, but don't be scared off by it.  Monster, Best Buy, and other companies charge a premium price for specialty cables like this, but it's a scam.  This cable works exactly as it should, which is all I expect from an A/V cable.
1707	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I did very well with this product, I loved it.
7570	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Note 3, and it has worked great.  The last case I had, the swivel clip came loose, and finally fell off.  And, this was after only 2 weeks of normal use.  The clip on this one is non-swivel, and is also made of metal.  I recommend this product.
Good noise control on transmit. Steady noise is eliminated but music and voices still cause interference. I use in 18 wheller. One of very few Bluetooth that can be used there. Very few. Thats why I put up with bugyness.
7100	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This is a 710mAh battery. The original, stock battery in a Razr V3m is 780mAh. This battery is less powerful and will provide about 25% less run time then the stock battery in the Razr V3m. Check your battery mAh rating first, it's marked right on the battery.

The device has a standard 1A output. It can charge as fast, or faster than the standard charger that comes with your phone. Although it does not come with a charger, this should not be a problem. You can use the charger that comes with your mobile devices to charge it.
The cable itself works great.  It's a little stiff to plug into and unplug from your phone at first, but it seems to be loosening up (which is a good thing at the moment).  An added bonus is that it will also charge your phone's battery as long as it's plugged in, which if anything, makes this a really cheap and convenient charger.
8810	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It was a very good bought. I like it a lot.
7056	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertized.
INSTRUCTIONS
5785	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I first selected the model for the 8130 because I got confused with the model number (temporary dyslexia (: ) but I was able to sell that one and then ordered this one.
7536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Not slim, but a good design. Unfortunately the quality of the material is abysmal and they started falling apart after 2 weeks. If they had used good quality material it'd be 5 stars, but as it is, you are better off finding an alternate.
Pairing it up with the Treo 650 was fast and simple. It rings about 1 second after the phone rings also. The volume control on the unit is easy to use and can be turned up very loud. No complaints on the sound quality from anyone - my wife says it sounds a little like I'm on speakerphone but it's clear and understandable.

1299	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I was very dissapointed with its audio performance. I don't want to write a lot because others have definitely written the positive features in good detail(good microphone, quick connect, good battery life, light-weight etc.), but the usability is very restricted.
- good battery life
The only problem I had with it, and its a minor issue, is that the led indicator lights are a little hard to see to gauge charging levels, especially from a distance.
I've had this hub in use for almost a year now and it's held up very well to multiple plug/unplug cycles. The blue LED at the top is unnecessary to indicate power as there are the other green LEDs for each port. I've used the plugs for keyboards, mice, HDDs and thumb drives. I've never had any problems.
7642	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After testing and trialing so many different headsets, from Motorolas to Plantronics to Sony Erricsons to Jabras, I had a very good Motorola with great comfort, battery life, sound and microphone quality. But the only drawback was when on the highway, people heard a lot of background noise still, and I use my headset a lot like this. So when I heard from my friend about his Jawbone, and I heard him use it while in the car, and how it sounded better than his actual phone, I realized I needed to change.
6838	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Lasts 3-6 weeks so you better buy a lot of it.
Couldn't have survived w/out this usb phone cord!
7278	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted
-joystick not as easy to get used to.
If you're looking for a cheap passive repeater, this is it. Unless you live in an area where service is barely existing and a dynamic repeater is required, this antenna will do the job.


This smarphone is a real gem in my opinion.
5660	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have bought a iGo universal car charger several years ago and have been buying new tips instead of the whole charger and I have never had a bad tip or have the charger go bad.  iGo makes high quality chargers and tips, highly recommended!

4488	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	What convinced me to get this was the BT stereo capabilities.

434	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's a standard microUSB 2.0 cable, heavy enough to charge the Blackberry phone, but it should work with any device with a microUSB socket; I bought it for a different phone, and it works great. Can't beat the price.
CONS:
8572	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had a number of other Motorola headsets that I liked, but the batteries quit charging making the headset useless. So, a month before I bought this one, I bought a higher-priced Plantronics bluetooth headset. The Plantronics did not work 5 feet from my iphone and had very poor sound quality. So, after reading more reviews, I decided to try this Motorola. I am most pleased with the amazon.com price, with the distance this headset works from my phone, with the length of use time between charges, and with the size and design that are attractive and discreet. I can see how people with smaller ear openings may have a problem with the ear bud fitting well. It fits into my ear opening and is comfortable to wear for hours. Last night, I did not notice that I still had it on three hours after returning from work. Now, we'll see how long it lasts before the batteries no longer charge. I am so pleased that I am planning to by another to use while this one charges. I have owned at least ten other Motorola headsets. This is the first for which I would like another of the same model.
Flipping the boom to turn it on is the best gimmick I have found.  It makes the headset very compact and you can't accidentally turn it on. This was a big problem with the H800.  If you forget to use the lock, it will constantly open in your pocket and turn on.
Also interesting that when I told them I had relieved the loop problem with a custom bent paper clip, they never asked to see it.  They don't seem interested in improving the feel of this product on the ear.
It plays music that my husband has stored on his phone. This is really nice because he doesn't have an AUX cable jack in his car. And if a call or text comes in while he is listening, it automatically pauses the music and then resumes when he is done.
- Verizon V-cast - although I have never used this feature
6231	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As a gadget-obsessed, active, outdoors person, I regularly find myself looking for a place to top-off my electronics. For the last two weeks I've been used my iTorch to charge my phone, ipod, tablet, GoPro camera, and usb-powered external speakers while camping, fishing, and playing disc golf. The 5200 maH of extra power has been plenty for what I've needed, and the device is small, light, and easily portable. No negatives experienced yet. I would definitely pay extra for a "tough" model that is water and damage resistant. Not that I'm worried about its durability, but given my outdoor lifestyle, it would be nice to know it won't fail if my backpack gets wet.
9781	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The batteries works well, as expected.
I have not had the issue that others have had of the phone switching on and off or freezing and so far the applications have been running seamlessly. As there as tons of things to find out about this Treo, I will just conclude with the highlights of the good and bad that I've found:
Comfort - I also found this headset to be the clear winner in the area over the other three that I have used. I wear glasses so the over the ear hook is a necessity. I think that they have also hit the sweet spot on placement of the speaker. The speaker is raised from the surface of the headset as opposed to the HS850 which is flush with the main body of the headset. However, it does not go into your ear like the BT250v or the Plantronics 320. I guess another way to put it is it rests just outside of the ear canal so the speaker is as close to being inside your ear without actually being so. I think that this maximizes comfort and contributes to the better sound quality. Finally, the vibrate feature is very disturbing if you are not used to it. Don't let that stop you though because it is something that you can turn off if you so desire.
Update: According to exhaustive googling, the touch-tone problem can be fixed, temporarily, by pulling the battery for 10 seconds to reset the basic settings.  This has worked for me - from time to time, touch-tone stops working on automated menus.  Pulling the battery and resetting the phone gets it working again, at least for a while.


9400	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	June 15, 2017: Adding some info at the top of my review. For owners of aluminum body vehicles, like me (2015 F150), see my picture below of the 24 gauge paintlock (pre-primed steel sheet) that I Gorilla taped with permanent double-sided tape to the roof of my truck. I get the same signal boost that I got when the antenna was on my 2011 truck (steel body). I've been on the interstate at 80 miles per hour with no problem. I mounted it a little more toward the back where the roof is very flat and out of the wind stream. The paint isn't a great match, but you can't see the metal unless you get in the back of the truck (which is where the picture was taken from). I suppose semi-truck drivers will get a good look at it. I'll report back if any problems arise...
7572	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have gone through so many "quality" cases. I mean give me a break they make cases out of toilet paper and say they are quality. For my day to day I have gone to using a CLC Case but for meeting I LOVE THIS CASE. Look the quality is great compared to the other junk out there is is amazing. I mean this thing will last and protect. You cannot go wrong with this case, trust me. If you have a phablet then this is the case for you hands down. If you want something to last a few weeks look elsewhere.

-Camera shutter is SLOW.  You need to hold the camera still for about a full second or it gets blurred.
My only gripe is that the cradle doesn't have a tight fight when the razr is in place.  I have a cover for my razr which makes it even less firmly fit.  It would be good if it had some type of handle on the sides to make it hold still.
PS. Imax, I salute you. '
9427	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really happy with this! We live in the middle of 150 acres of pine trees, in a metal home with a metal roof. We had to go outside to make or receive calls. Since our landline kept getting cut by the road graders we had it turned off. So we were basically without any phone service at all unless we were outside and standing on one leg with our heads at a precise 33.5642 angle, and hoping we didn't need to make or take a call in the middle of one of Florida's famous lightning storms or when its freezing or 99 degrees outside. This booster cured that problem! Easy to install in less than an hour, and no more callers asking when I started stuttering and me having to explain I am outside and it's 30 degrees and my dang teeth are chattering!
380	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Expedite shipping only to receive a defective battery. I put battery in for first time it showed 55 percent tried to charge and it never would charge.
Flimsy design to be used in horizontal position. there is no locking mechanism, so if you are turning or go over a bump, it may slip out.
8019	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Rubber tip flew off, I thought this was a good product. Installed just the way it should have been. Still don't see how it happened..


2410	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	As others have said, the functionality of this headset is very good. The biggest bonus to me is that it handles the Palm Treo's marginal Bluetooth quite well. My Plantronics Discovery 640 had great sound, mic, and fit, but would always (I mean literally 100% of the time) drop the BT connection about 1 minute after ending a phone call on my Treo 700p and I'd have to reconnect. Even though I am quite sure it is the Treo's fault, I'd rather spend $50 for a new headset than $400 for a new smartphone. With the WEP200, it stays connected all day after many calls.
* Good BT range.
If add it from their website (most of time it ends up ERROR and ask you to call the service representative), the webpage asks a lot of unnecessary information, then sends hundreds digits you have to key in to your cell phone.
Over-the-ear portion of flex-shaft is very narrow and unforgiving over glasses or larger ears.

- 7 MB of memory (not 5 as in the older shipments)
This looks great, and exactly as it does in the Amazon photos.

I can hear very well while in the car and so far nobody has asked me to repeat myself.  They have said that they could not tell I was using a headset.
2676	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a good armband to use with my iphone for jogging.  At the same time, I don't know how long I'll have the phone (upgrade to 3g iphone) so I wanted something I could use with other devices if needed.  The price on this one was great.  I use it about 5 times a week and have had no problems so far.  It fits well on my arm and doesn't slide down.  Note, I don't have particularly large arms, so it fits nicely.  It's probably not for you if your arms are large.  I gave it a four out of five because it's just not as breathable as some other armbands.  I'm very pleased with it.
TEXT/EMAIL: Incoming and outgoing, it has been relatively fast and reliable, compared to my Verizon MotoQ.
265	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Doesnt last quite as long as the one I had for my last phone, but It helps a lot!
5597	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this case is a perfect fit. It snaps right into place and doesn't move one bit. You have clear touch to all your buttons, at least  I do. It does come with a belt clip which is optional to put on. You have one screw to hook it up onto the case. this is a nice option if you just want a hard case and not the clip. I haven't tried to take off the case from the phone. So I don't know if it will come off nicely or breaking in the process, I hope not to find out. Either way, for the price of this case, it's hard not to praise it.
2548	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great case, fits perfect.  All holes align correctly with buttons, mic's and micro USB on my Galaxy Note.  Definitely recommend to anyone wanting additional protection at a low cost.


i will be back to there store
1. Very small and light
First, they claim that this unit will cover a home of 2500 sq ft. LIE.
This is a great addition to tech family.
iTorch also comes with a sturdy carry pouch. Out of the box the iTorch
6287	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I travel by air frequently and game with my phone so there's never enough battery to last through a trip...until now! I went internet surfing for an extra phone battery and found this on Amazon. This little unit (it's smaller than the phone) packs a ton of extra energy. It comes with all the hook-ups you could possibly want to charge it and then hook it up to your phone. The amount of charge in the unit is huge! so that you don't have to recharge it every time you use it. When I use it to charge/run my phone while I'm gaming, I hook it up and then just hold it in the same hand just tucked underneath my phone. It works very well.


There is many good things abut this phone, just get it and you will see.
2492	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The one I got was ok but I'd rather a different one. I could hear others, and others could hear me fairly well. Sometimes I needed to speak louder than usual. The worst problem with it was it didn't stay on my ear securely. The unit sits on the outside of the ear with the loop that goes above the ear but If I turned my head quickly it would swing out slightly and then bounce back on to my head, and the person you were talking to could here a bump. I don't like worrying if this one will fall off my face.

2148	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed a few small cases to store various items - radios, batteries, and such. I found both these and the Pelican Micro cases. While Pelican is the gold standard for the larger cases, only the OtterBox cases have the quality I expected in this size. The plastic seems to be more resistant to scratching and cracking, the bottom and top of the case actually 'seal' together, and the top and bottom are both padded to protect the contents from shock, whereas the pelican case only has rubber padding on the bottom half. The hinge opens to slightly over 180 degrees, but it is loose, so where you can open the Pelican lid half way and it will stay, the lid on this case will fall to either full open or full closed. The latches are a little tighter than the pelican case, especially to open, which is a good thing. The protrusions on the top and bottom do not stack. The lanyard, while it hasn't broken yet, seems like the first part that will fail. All in all, this seems to be a rugged storage and organizational tool.
2044	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The noise reduction feature of this headset really does work.  While the sound quality is not quite as good as using the phone directly (SLVR and RAZR V3), it is very close, even in loud environments (which, for me, generally means driving with the windows open).  Sound quality to the wearer is very good--I do not have any issues with volume level.  This is the first headset I hve owned that reliably enabled voice dialing.  Further, the battery life is exemplary (my initial concern).
I have a plastic protective case (not a large one) on my phone so I was happy when I got this one and my phone fit perfectly. Not too loose that the phone shakes around. However, the clip sits right in the middle of the holster, so when you are wearing this, the whole thing is top-heavy...the top of the holster leans away from your body, making it very easy to bump it with your arm or bump it against something causing the holster to unclip from your clothing.


 - saran wrap.  yes the sandwich stuff...
5514	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works as good or better that any other one that I ever had.  Very easy to a fix to the cars and the positions that any one wants it.
the moment i saw this, i was floored and the reviews were very good ..i have purchased this product and have  been using this for about 2 months now. So far, no problems at all.
4446	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the original equipment OEM battery for Razors and other vintage motorola phones.  works great, charges quickly, terrrific price.


I already had a 16G iTouch so I did not need the iPhone although that would have been my next choice but I would still have needed a replacement for my Palm.
2945	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	liked it

2009	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Stylish AND works great!  What a concept.  The clarity and reception on this phone really blows me away.  I can actually hear the conversation when driving in the car!


5118	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to use on my jeep wrangler. Mounted an Everhart 3' double wound antenna on it and it's just right. The spring is stiff enough that it doesn't wobble in the wind, but it will give if you run though the trees or up under your garage door. I like it alot.
I decided to get a full strip since I have a bunch of quartz watches, and this is a fairly common size.  I'll probably use 3-4 before they all go dead.
4129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	makes the phone a little thicker and heavier but well worth it if, like me, you tend to bang up your electronics. I especially like the 'stand' option. Overall great protection and it looks good too!
Only 4-stars due to the whole Spanish manual/language thing.
3030	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Regardless of what another web site posted and their vehicle finder saying this would not work in an 05 Chevy Trailblazer, they were dead wrong. I think they just wanted people to pay their $99 for their more expensive GMOS-04 unit, saying that unit would work in the Trailblazer. Anyway.....

8388	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	durable
8872	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	first one I got.. died out within the 10th charge.. but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one.
The short cable was fine for me as I tucked this behind my dash out of sight. The lip on mine was metallic as others have mentioned, but that's the ground connection so no biggie.
7535	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice build quality but the belt clip is not as sturdy as you might like. Easily pops off belt
So far the only negative is the fit which has been mentioned before. I prefer the in ear variation on the set versus over the ear. (The Jawbone can be used without the ear hook) The fit is not exactly tight but it does seem to work without falling out. I think it will just take some getting used to and playing with the other interchangeable ear adapters.
2164	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Great interface, but the pen is faulty. I have used the Palm and the pen is easy to use. The pen for the mda doesn't work sometimes and it's operation isn't smooth. The screen isn't very big which is a turn off for such a heavy and bulky tool.
3637	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	No one makes a belt clip case for the iPhone 5, probably because Apple hipsters are too cool to wear their phones on their hips. But I want my iPhone 5 in the same place I kept the BlackBerry it replaced. This case does the trick. A naked iPhone 5 slides around a bit, but inside a skin, it fits perfectly. The cover is kinda long, and the belt clip doesn't swivel, but until someone makes something designed for the iPhone 5, this works pretty well.
Otherwise it's a decent product. It replaces the bt250v that I've had for several months now. The 250v began to turn itself on and off and spontaneously. The sound quality is quite good, the charge is ample and it's a comfortable unit.
7723	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great case and price if you don't wanna spend $30-$40 on a case at the Apple Store, fits perfectly on my phone. love the style of the bamboo
With that said, a 2-device charging version came out weeks after I purchased the product, and seeing how well the IMP500 works, I wish that I would have bought the 2-device version instead. Either way, I'm very happy with this product and would recommend it to anyone. I may purchase the more powerful 11,000mAH sibling in the future (which also allows charging of tablets like the iPad), but have no need for it right now.
As far as sound quality goes, Im really impressed. The earbuds are said to have Premium HD speakers, and whatever that truly means, they sound great and the Apt-X support really helps them shine. I should point out that the Buds will still sound great with non-Apt-X devices like Apple gadgets, and will certainly sound as good as all other Bluetooth headsets that don't support it. As long as the earbuds are seated properly (which is critical with any in-ear earbuds) bass response is nice and solid, and everything just sort of sparkles. Not saying that sparkle is added in any way, but if the music has fine detail in it then youll hear a lot more of it. Speaking of having the earbuds seated properly, the documentation talks a bit about about micro-adjustability, and what this translates into is that the stem of each earbud can pivot a certain amount around a central axis in a sort of narrow cone shape, so the angle of the stem relative to the earbuds body can change a bit to fit different peoples ear structures. The earbuds seem to stay fairly well seated unless I get really sweaty. Speaking of sweat, I will also note that the Buds are not labelled as sweat proof, which does make me worry a little bit. I sweat easily, and do a lot of biking and walking, and my work is somewhat physical too. Hopefully this does not become an issue. There is a little rubber plug you have to partially remove to access the charging port, so make sure you place it back securely before getting sweaty. Anyways, back to audio quality: One important thing to note, which is true of all high quality sound delivery devices, is that the final output depends highly on good source material. You should know by now that low quality sources like 128Kbps .mp3 files or even some tracks on Pandora and other streaming services aren't the best, and with these you will hear every little bit of their badness. Other headsets may mask this but they're also masking the fine detail of better quality files, so in a way its actually a good thing. Call quality on both ends of the line is really good as well, and Ive never had anyone ask Are you using Bluetooth? which I usually get when I use other headsets. In fact, I had one person stop me in mid-conversation and ask Didnt you say you were going to put on your bluetooth headset?, and almost didn't believe me when I said I already had. One last thing about audio quality  if you listen to music via any app with preamp gain, you may want to be reduce that gain level to zero. I use PowerAmp on my Galaxy S4 and was dismayed at first to hear a ton of distortion, especially in the low end. I almost returned the headset because I could not get rid of it. I eventually found that the preamp gain (on PowerAmps EQ settings page) was set to about 75% of its capacity, and turning it down eliminated the distortion completely. You can get rid of the distortion at 25%, but why risk it? I keep it at zero now just to be sure. Doing so also reduced the overall volume, but since these things get plenty loud on their own, I don't mind at all.
4708	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This works as advertised.  I plugged in all kinds of electronic devices while traveling in Europe and they all worked.  This includes and iPad, iPhone, Blackberry, and laptop.
What I love:
2128	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Don't get me wrong the H3 looks good and sleek but it gives too much feed back. What I mean by that is that when your on the phone, the other party hears an echo.  This happend on all the calls. The only thing that kept me from returning it was that I lost the receipt and i threw away the box!  I don't recomend wasting your money on this. One you may try that has worked for me is the H500.  Cheap looks ok and best of all, it works!!!!  Oh yeah my Razor had a hard time linking to the H3.
5426	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK this is my fourth smartphone -- first I had the audiovox (HTC Typhoon), then the i730, and finally a Q -- so I consider myself somewhat experienced with smartphones.
Reccommend this product to all.
* Other cell phone numbers
6519	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This cell booster wasn't good enough for my location. If I turned it on I could send a text, but I couldn't call or access the Internet. So I returned it. Maybe someday I'll try the big weBoost amp (https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00WMFXE5O/ref=aw_wl_ov_dp_1_12?colid=17Y61221O28QJ&coliid=I3EPZ3F2RA70SX&vs=1) for almost $500.
9298	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a good case that stays on well.  It is painted black, so if you scratch it, it will show white.  Also, I'm a little afraid of the belt clip.  It doesn't seem real durable and I'm concerned I'd break it off and lose my phone.


mic is good

8927	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this product. I have no worry run out battery when I go far. Actually I bought 5200mAh, however was out of stock and New trend offer me 7000mAh instead ! Very happy about it. Good service.
And, from what I can discover, you cannot buy replacement/extra discs. This means that when you travel you have to unplug and pack both parts ... and that you cannot have a second charging solution set-up in the office or in the travel kit. Unless you want to buy an entire second unit and keep the second headset as a spare. I can't understand why Jabra would not vend extra discs (or charging systems) through their website.
7305	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good and courteus service, great product, great company and nice people to do business with, Sure would buy again if needed.





-*Short cut navigation key for some reason the category "My content" doesn't let you make a shortcut for the sections within it. I want a shortcut key to Google maps, which is within 'my content', but it doesn't allow it, the best it will do is let you shortcut to 'my content' and then you have to scroll from there which is kinda annoying..

1026	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	do not purchase this as it does not work. my cell phone reception did not improve at all. a total waste of money.
7616	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This review is for Avlon Affirm Moisture Plus Conditioning Relaxer.  I have used the 20 single applications, but the same product.  I learned about the product through a hair growth book by Cathy House (available on Amazon). I have used the product on soft, thin to thick African-American hair which has been damaged by salons and some due to health issues. My opinion is that the product is excellent. It provides a measuring tool to allow the user to determine the strength to mix for mild to coarse hair; each relaxer base is premeasured and in individual containers; and a bottle of activator; also the 20 box contained a bottle of protectant to reduce the chance of overlapping. My experience is that the product has not produced burning or scabbing or over-processing or breakage.  After relaxing, the hair does not feel dry or brittle. I am very satisfied with the products and have used for over two years.



6. I don't know what one reviewer meant by it making noise. Mine is absolutely silent.
6153	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this to use with the multitude of electronic devices that seem to populate my life. The battery itself is well built with a good solid feel and nice sleek and curved edges. Includes a soft velvety protective pouch when not in use.
6746	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	You need these if you own Quartz watches...
While I am somewhat disappointed that it only includes a car power supply, this is understandable as it is certainly best suited for mobile applications and proper power supply can be had at little relative cost.  I would also prefer the unit to use the more easily obtained 12v power supply, but I somewhat suspect the ease of obtaining extremely low quality 12v power supplies and simple straight through connectors to car lighters was the primary drive behind the switch.  Definitely understandable from their point of view given a burnt out or ill behaved unit resulting from improper power will make them look bad regardless of who's fault it actually was.
4411	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We used a Mobal Sat phone when traveling around the world a couple of years back.  Mobal has absolutely _wonderful_ customer service.  Our initial research had shown that we'd be in places without GSM coverage.  Our friends with a UK phone proved us otherwise -- who knew out back in the Masai Mara a GSM phone would work?  The peace of mind was great, though.
5231	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great cord organizer and very sharp looking.  I have it in the kitchen to hide all the cords that have been strung out on my counter.  It holds our phones, fitness chargers and reading glasses quite nicely.
402	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Dear Lord in Heaven! Where have you've been all of my life PowerBear LLC! I bought this for my dad's AT&T Galaxy S4 which was using a cheap knock-off from eBay. Yeah I know, WAH WAH WAAAAAHHHHH! But seriously though, this is BY FAR the BEST replacement battery I've ever seen/experienced with it. My dad was shocked at how long this battery could hold a charge for. The thickness of it is absolutely not an issue. In fact, it gives the phone a more sturdy feel to it. PowerBear LLC, you've made a powerful impression on me with this battery. I'm bought & sold for your business. Thanks & Happy Everyone. Peace!
8697	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	New article. I received the item (product) damaged, also the charger. Lousy article. Would not recommend buying it. No need to buy it. I bought it and I brought him a friend to Ecuador . I can not return it . From here there is no way back. Do not buy it.
9930	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The holster itself is made very well but the clip design is very poor. My iPhone with a otterbox is very tight & the holster wants to come off my belt along with the phone while the clip stays on the belt.
Out of curiosity, I tried it in another USB port (on the back) - same result. Also, the same result in my Toshiba laptop. I also tried it in a USB wall charger I have, and it produced an electric arc. Obviously, it doesn't work. I'm just glad it didn't damage any of my hardware.
4414	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The battery works as expected for my old Razor flip  phone.  Glad that I could still buy a new one through Amazon.
bulky





So as you can tell the positives outweigh the negatives. It's a good headset but not for business use.


Prior to this, I had tried 3 similar holsters which died in a few weeks to months. But his product has been lasting very long with trusted reliability.
1527	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this to pair with a Sony Ericsson Walkman phone, and have been disappointed.
  It is very light and you could probably palm it off a table without anyone seeing it leave.  The instructions were refreshing in that they didn't even bother to tell me to charge it before I used it, but they did point out the laser pointer, LED light and how to hook up an Apple iPhone for charging.  Four blue LEDs let you know the state of the charger and this one came with 2, so I charged it.

Very good buy and the right time to buy going by the current pricing
A couple of other notes:
My favorite thing about the phone is the Palm OS.  If you've got another Palm, and you don't want to spend the money on a Treo 755p, then trust me -- this should be your phone.

--Wi-Fi chip gets good connection everytime (unlike other phones or laptops that just disconnect suddenly although you're in a good wifi zone).
2.  Direct, finger push access to the little on/off button on the sensor.  Handy if you want your sensor battery to last longer.  you can even access it without fully taking the sensor off of your shoe- just pull-turn-press, and you're good to go.
5689	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	[.......]
9168	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love my iPhone 4. Problem is, if you take advantage of all the iPhone features (especially video streaming, or heavy photography) you can run through electrons pretty quickly. I previously used a Battery Case extender which is manufactured by a popular company, and really had no problems with it.
9829	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Si, es muy buen negocio el comprar estas baterias que ademas de ser de calidad sus precios son imbatibles. Felicitaciones.
ZIP: Creates, opens, downloads and sends ZIP folders
2551	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As most of the reviews have been stating.....this is an excellent case for the Note! All openings are exactly right, easy to turn screen on with button on upper right of phone, stylus comes out easy, able to charge and use cameras. As one reviewer stated it does secure screen protector - case has just enough over-lap to secure. Can have screen down and will not touch surface. BoxWave shipped this on arrived on time in excellent condition.

more application and other items you can get on the N95
2744	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Battery did not work. Would not buy again.
6248	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm a heavy power user when it comes to my phones and tablet. Unfortunately, my daughters are taking after me. I have not been disappointed in buying them this great little unit. We often take long car rides and this battery has saved me from quite a few rides where my kids have drained their phones. By way of stress relief alone, it has paid for itself a few times over. Great and reliable battery.



4581	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this to pair with the new Verizon Voyager.  In short, I'm happy with it but have a few complaints.
- I personally prefer in-ear designs more - this unit hangs over the top of the ear and the earphone speaker lays kind of over the ear canal, but not in it.  This means that it doesn't cut out as much road noise as an in-ear design, owever, this is probably what also makes it more comfortable to wear for a long time.
7262	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pleased
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.
You need the wired earphones to have FM service.  If you like radio, it's just one more thing to carry around.  The sound quality is EXCELLENT on this wire unit and the ear buds very comfy. It also works as "handsfree" phone device if you don't want to do Bluetooth.
4805	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice phone for my 2 year old granddaughter

There is also a camera - good enough to take pictures which will show on the screen to let you know who is calling and snapshots but their quality is only a little above acceptable so don't throw away your camera before you check it out thoroughly - and a radio, a nice addition (headphones, naturally included) although you should be prepared to recharge the battery quite often if you're addicted to listening all the time.
- you will soon realize that the Jawbone headset sound is superior to using the phone itself, and you will never want to hold the phone up to your ear again... ;-)
BETTER RECEPTION: The next best option is mounting the receiver outside your location on a wall. This would work well if you were to mount it near where your cable box is on your home, since you probably already have a location near there drilled through your walls/foundation for your TV cables to go through. It also may have a kind of shelter built onto your home to shield your cable box from the elements, so if you were to place your receiver box there as well, it may provide it some shelter as well.


To get started with the unit, it needs to be charged. No AC charger is provided but you can plug it into any computer USB port on one end and the other end into the battery USB micro port. While charging 4 little blue LEDS will light in a running sequence. When the charge is complete, a fourth light and all 3 other lights remain lit.
Negatives:
2124	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Can't beat the price.. and worked perfectly on both my Blackberry and HTC Incredible. Fits tight too.
3847	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Purchased for my dads flip phone and it was too small.
This is great value for money and a high quality headset.


Some HTC phone might not be able to charge while placed vertically.

The GGS LCD screen protectors are ultra-thin optical glass. They are 0.55mm thick with at least 90% light transmittance. They consist of 6 layers: an adhesive layer, an anti-crack layer, a color layer, and a transparent layer, sandwiched between two protective layers. (The adhesive and color layers only have adhesive and color around the edge.) 3M double-sided adhesive around the edge on the underside adheres to the frame of your camera's LCD. If you want to remove the screen protector, the manufacturer recommends using a very thin plastic card or similar device to slide around the edge to loosen the adhesive. Prying it up by one corner may break the glass.
9018	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The physical properties (size, weight, feel) are perfect for the battery capacity, and it seems to hold a charge as expected. Charging over USB (for both of these units) is a really nice feature that many other chargers are missing. I like the fact that there is a laser pointer as well as the LED flashlight.
3517	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My son is happy with his case. Great protection!
* Name

2452	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have the HS700 and this case (because it isn't rigid) constantly presses the button, putting the headset into discovery mode.  This should have been an aluminum hard case with room to keep that from happening.  You could also call that a design flaw in the headset, but either way you should get the combination of this case with that headset!
6049	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My iPhone 4S tends to go through the battery fairly fast.  I am on 4G often (work wifi is bad), so I tend to need a lot of juice.  The iTorch IMP52D certainly has that.  I started with the NT52D, which is a lot larger (pack of cigarette sized) and had the same capacity (5200 mAh), so the size of this one is nice (more like a big lighter).  It fits in my pocket better, or in the side pouch of my backpack.  When I do that, I can have the backpack on and have the phone on a 6-foot cord, charging as I use it.  Very tech-geeky.
And that was from 40% to a 100% charge. I've charged my coworkers phones when we got stuck in the field with no outlets for my coworkers to use.

1609	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good sounding both ways but not usable in 18 wheeler. Mic is overwhelmed by the 75 to 100db of ambient background noise. Good noise canceling in other environments.


Overall I am pretty impressed it is much better and last longer than the cheapo external batteries  and a much better value than the higher priced ones you can also find online.

2455	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It was supposed to fit my Motorola droid. Not without an adapter which it didn't bring. Too cheap to send back, out in the drawer may be someone will have use for it.
989	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Gave these away as a gifts and haven't had one complaint yet.
7. Very easy setup! Pairing, actually "auto-pairing" was a piece of cake and the instructions provided worked perfectly with the W755 phone.

The device is small, compact, light and does not look like it came from a Mattel factory in China.  The battery life of the nuvi200 is average and in my experience, somewhere between 4-4.5 hrs if you keep it on constantly running solely on battery.  It also comes with the handy car kit which does what it's supposed to do.
5171	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my first bluetooth device. After reading many reviews about blue tooth earphones and speakers, I did not have high hopes of finding a good one right away.
6768	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good price, great value, fresh batteries.
6863	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got these as a replacement battery for my Luminox Chronograph watch. As with most "precision" (I say that loosely only because most battery powered analog watches do this) I started notice it was losing time by a few minutes a day, and that it would tick a few seconds, wait, and then "catch up." All generally leading to a battery on it's end life. Bought these based off the number on the battery that was in my watch, swapped it out and now I'm back in business. Can't say how long the battery will last but I got about 5ish years from the factory battery so I'm expecting similar results from this. Plus for the price on a 5-pack of batteries I'll be able to have the watch going a long time, pending I don't break the watch first.
I don't drive like an old lady, but I don't really take into consideration G-forces when I am on the road.  Unless you drive like an &^%hole this will probably stay put pretty well.  For the record, I drive a 2004 Ford Freestar (a real babe magnet, let me tell you.) and live in a pretty hilly twisty suburb of Philadelphia.  The only time this thing fell off the dash was when I ran the wire to the power adapter underneath the bean bag.
so far it works as stated.
6177	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought a iPhone 3GS case with a built in battery for my girlfriend because her battery kept losing charge. While it worked well, it made her feel like she was holding a warm cement block instead of a iPhone. She kept taking off the case and eventually lost it, literally.

- Definitely makes the phone much more stylish.
In summary, there are an awful lot of headsets out there.  All of the designs and features can be confusing, but you can rest assured knowing that this headset has everything you need (and some things you may not!) and does so at a very reasonable price.


Ringer not loud enough

1230	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is the best bluetooth headset I've ever owned!  I've owned a Sony and Plantronics previously.
3631	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Changed phones while waiting for this carrier to arrive.  The Droid is heavy, and this case would have been cumbersome.
2. The package comes with a carrier, a wall charger and most important of all, a USB charger. As a result, I rarely use the wall charger as I always charge it next to my laptop.
5563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is phenomenal!  I have not had to charge my iPhone for almost 50 hours using the initial charges of both the phone and this battery.  The battery/case is well constructed and comes with a silicon skin at no additional charge.  The battery definitely detracts from the "cool" factor of the phone - it makes it MUCH larger.  If your goal is in looking "cool" when using your iPhone, this isn't for you.  If your goal is actually USING your iPhone for a MUCH extended time period without having to recharge - or keep cables EVERYWHERE you go - this baby is for you.  Check out the current mophie product options and then come back and look at this product again: you WILL buy it!  Great product, fast shipping.
1467	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had several Bluetooth headsets over the years and this one so far has been the best:
3160	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	If I was Howard Hughes and needed something to hold my finger nail clippers, this would do the trick. Anything heavier, like a cell phone....forgetaboutit !!

3. Motorola gives you 30 days to try and return with refund, However the return shipping is ON YOU.  So with shipping / tracking / insurance expect to spend another $5 even if its their problem. If its longer than 30 days, you are stuck with it.
Cons:
I have not tried playing music through it yet, but Here Navigation works we through it.

Slim enought to fit in your pocket
- Does not increase the bulk of the phone considerably and it's relatively light weight
6809	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	a++++++

-Qwerty key pad
(3rd attempt)
7862	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Sure there are three rings on the male end, but there are only two wires on the inside of the cable and female side.
3572	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is exactly the GPS what  you need. Simple, ligth, portable, it talks in different language. So it has everything you need as a normal GPS user at an excellent price.
I repaired 4 of them for same cracking/breaking from other users, and used same method, and brought all of them back to service

9149	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The New Trent battery pack is lightweight and small, and works easily and well.  My only beef with it is that the 5000mAh rating may not be accurate.  I compared it to a Zaggsparc 2.0, which is rated to same capacity, and the Zaggsparc clearly carries more "juice."  However, Zagg's product is more than twice the cost!  So, for my money, this is the better buy.  The charging cables it uses can be a bit more cumbersome than some other options out there, but the cable is retractable, which is nice, and again, it's a much better price.  If you're looking for something to extend the usable battery life of your smartphone, this is what you want.

The first thing I liked about the phone is the way it feels.  It has a solid metal feel and a nice snap when it shuts.  I expect it to hold up for a long time.
3) No other features.  No GPS.  No graphics.  No games.  No videos, MP3s, ringtone downloads, camera, or any of the other doodads we take for granted.

This 5200 ain't meant to do a whole ton of chargin on one charge, but it can get your phone charged in an hour and still have about half battery left (if you don't use it during charge time)! But it's got power, and that's for sure.
Overall, best one I've found and I'm keeping it.  But for the price, I do think the call quality should be higher.

For some reason, Navigon decided to place the charger receptacle on the BOTTOM (facing downwards) of their units. This makes little difference if you use the windshield suction cup to hold and display your unit. However, if you use the adhesive disc for the dash then the charger cord will likely have to be bent at right angles to make the connection, as its receptacle on the GPS points straight down. This device, when attached to the GPS, allows allows the charger cord to come in from the side, eliminating any acute bending of the cord.
486	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	ok
7644	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product and fast
Update:  1/7/10  Sound is definitely better with this unit, and it appears to hold charge longer than H680.  Voyager is definitely larger than H680.  When you get past that, and realize the benefits of sound quality and longer use on a charge, you might favor, as I do, the Voyager 510.  It's quite enjoyable not to have to repeat myself when transmitting - no one on receiving end has complained about poor sound quality!

Second, is it makes this weird noise when on the phone, such as radiowaves or something. It is normal with all razrs I hear, but have not had this problem until I had a rwazr and all other moto phones have not had this problem. So I'm thinking YEP razr.
8152	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you have multiple tablets, this is not the charging station for you but it charges my iPad, Blackberry playbook and mobile phone.  No dead batteries in the morning and keeps the cords at bay.
2908	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was my first Blue Tooth earpiece because I was waiting for the price of these items to drop, and I found this Jabra BT125 Bluetooth Earpiece as I browsed the item on Amazon.  The Purchase/Delivery was very simple, and it was delivered as promised.  I would recommend this Item and this Seller to anyone/everyone.
2514	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great battery.


9214	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This item came in tried it immediately & it didn't work. I could hear them they couldn't hear me thought it might be muted but called motorola  they said needed to be replaced .It may have been great if I could have got it to work
I recommend these to all my realtor friends who do extensive telemarketing and they're happy with this as well as with the other Plantronic products! Go buy one!

4296	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	When I talk in the car people can't here me very well.  The directions are not that great so I still have not figured out how to work it too well.  Good Luck
Motorola needs to keep upgrading this line because it's their best model. I wouldn't suggest anything else.


Palm says the 680 is targeted to the every day person, not the power user.  I suppose that means in a year we should expect another more expensive model that will be what the 680 should have been.  I feel that Palm is releasing new models in a very slow and calculated manner in order to drive consumer spending.
1558	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The headset works pretty well but the button to answer a call takes too long to answer so I have to grab the phone and answer there. I use it with a Palm Treo 650.
If you refuse to answer the question, they will argue that 'Our System Requires It'. Who cares about their system? I do care about my own IDENTITY SAFETY.

3. A single button operates the laser pointer, the led flashlight, and turns the unit on and off.  Having separate buttons would be better.  I do not like having to hold buttons for different durations of time to turn features on and off.
9892	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	That was so not cool, I searched for a screen protector especifically for my Blackberry 8350i and when it arrives, it doesn't fit my blackberry!!!!! I am so pissed off, they either sent me the wrong product or advertised it wrong. Either way, I didn't take any action because the product is so cheap that it would cost its price to return it and it's too much of a hasle.
4413	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great battery life, fits like the original, no issues at all.  Our customer was pleased with price and battery life performance.
Saw a flash sale for some Motorola SF500 Earbuds from Dailysteals.com. My last pair of earbuds stopped powering on. So, I jumped on these for the cheap price. Got these in two days with regular postal shipping.

2639	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought one of these units about 6 months ago, and liked it so well I just bought another one for my daughter.

8598	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent idea, works great.

This is, of course, not the "fault" of the DLO hipcase - it's dictated by the design of the iPhone iself.
4)  Pocket Tunes Deluxe included, which means that (preferably with an unlimited data plan) you can stream music from sites like shoutcast.com.
2330	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Feb. 6, 2012: I can't believe I've had this phone 5 years, but I have, and it still works and, more amazingly, it6's still working on the original battery - not that I can guarantee that you'll have the same results.
Expandable memory
The "select" soft button on the menu is on the right side of the screen, but on most cell phones it is always on the left.  Admittedly not a big deal, but it is a bit annoying.

8704	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have trusted the Fellowes WriteRight line on my last 3 PDA's.  Previously I used a hard green plastic cover that worked but was diminished the screen contrast quite a bit.  This is different.  The soft plastic is much like the type you peel off the front of new digital displays.  I find they last for months even with heavy usage and do not diminish brightness or clarity to any great degree.
4) It was a little hard to get the phone in and out of the clip. I'm not that big into clips, so I just keep the phone in my pocket.
9716	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These might not last too long. Guessing they aren't fresh. But you get 5, so who cares?
1482	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Simply awesome, the best one I ever had, sticking to this one after 1 motorola, 1 nokia and 1 samsung.
9647	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!
4463	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	work as promise. on my nokia e 63 past, Nokia C3-01 past and not my nokia e5. great product have being using it for more than a year,
9219	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Neet little earpiece.
6152	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'd been a Mophie fan since I first tried the iPhone battery case. I noticed the cheap price on this and thought I'd try it for my iPhone 5 since there aren't any battery cases available yet. It has comparable features to the Mophie tag-a-long juice packs but at 1/2 or 1/3 the price. So far so good, it gives me multiple full charges on my 5.

9387	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!

I've resorted to an older bluetooth headset, the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-HS850-Bluetooth-Headset-Color-Sent-Based-on-Availability-Comes-in-Black-Blue-and-Grey-or-Silver-Bulk-Packaged/dp/B0007WWAGI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola HS850 Bluetooth Headset (Color Sent Based on Availability. Comes in Black, Blue and Grey, or Silver)[Bulk Packaged</a>].  I know when it is on/off when the microphone boom is out/in.  The soft rubber ear hook is gentler to my sensitive ear, and I've never had a problem with poor signal or dropped connections.
8945	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, takes awhile to charge, but when it's done it charges my phone about two times over when on standby, however, if you"re using the phone while charging it, it'll only charge about once.
871	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice sound, comfortable in ears.  Light around the neck.  Works well with smartphone.



More than enough juice to charge my iPhone 5 all the way up from being completely dead
7640	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Is the very confortable, the sound is great people don't realize you're using a headset, great sound quality. You can hear music (loud) and still voice command your phone and WORKS really something good.... just the buttons are really difficult to handle, they're very hard and difficult to find and use.... something more sensible would be great for these product... But I'm very satisfied with it
Lastly I paid $45 for this phone and I couldn't be happier. It's unlocked ,I use T-Mobile and I can use it in Europe. For me a cell phone is not a toy ,so I don't play games,text message or go onto the internet otherwise I would have bought a smart phone,and although this phone has a camera ,I probably will never use it except in an emergency ,and music, I use my ipod .For an outstanding phone this one can't be beat.
The extension to make it stereo or two-earpiece capability became loose. I would have to find a way to make it fit perfectly again so it would work.
8064	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have two of these - one in my wife's Passat and the other in my Tundra Limited truck.  Great operation with my wife's and my iPhones as well as my Moto Razr phone.  Pairing is a piece of cake and the feature of the phone re-pairing after being turned on works flawlessly.  The battery saving feature where it shuts off automatically also works great.

But the Apps on the phone are not that great.

More annoying is the continuously strobing blue LED on the main button. When the headset is powered on, the button flashes. When you are actually using the headset (connected to a call) the button flashes faster. This confuses people when you are wearing it - because it appears to them that you must be using it since it's flashing. But it's always flashing! So if you are a person who uses it a lot and doesn't take it off very often, that can cause a problem.

The only hurdle is pairing the phone for the first time. The trick is to initiate pairing on the PC while the bluetooth connection is active. For example, send a file from the phone to your PC (using the "copy" function while a file is selected) and quickly initiate pairing from your PC. You only have to go through this once, after that everything is a breeze. Hope that helps anyone who was as stuck as I was. EDIT: I just realized that this works best with the Broadcom/HP Bluetooth stacks I use on my laptop, if I figure it out for the MS default stacks, I'll post on it.
Microphone life span very short
3713	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Setup of the unit was very straight-forward. An 800# was included to help you make sound and quality adjustments.
The mount is easy to affix, one screw opens the clamshell design.  Included rubber strips can be used as shims to get a proper fit, I just wrapped electrical tape around the bar until I had the appropriate diameter.
9955	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works good
I also noticed that the battery seemed to run down very quickly, even though I had only talked for 20 minutes.  Very surprising, considering that my old 6101 still goes for five or six days between charges, and that's with at least one or two hours of talking per day.
8172	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Even though I did not purchase this here on Amazon I thought I would relate my experience with the GoPhone Sim card and $45.00 plan, first off I had originally purchased the $45.00 T-Mobile (Walmart Special) start up kit here on Amazon and it turned out to be a total disaster, I had to drive 10 miles in order to get one (1) bar in order to use my new LG G4, so I sent it back and went to Wally World and purchased a Straight Talk plan, and 8 hours of one after another non English speaking or understanding customer service people I finely returned the kit to WM and purchased the GoPhone kit and $45.00 plan, and within 15 minutes of installing the sim card and battery and powering up my phone the GoPhone (AT&T) self install the necessary software updated the APN settings automatically, I then entered the $45.00 number and within 10 seconds I had my new phone number and 4G LTE service, Yea it was that simple
The bottom of the actual holder has movable "legs" (that can rotate in or out as needed) that hold the phone. This holder comes off of the arm just by lifting it up while you hold the arm in place.
My only complaint is the battery. The battery is built in and has to be recharged via usb port. I wish it just used AAA batteries that I could carry and replace as needed. But then again, when broadcasting via bluetooth, my phone only lasts about 2.5 to 3 hours. So maybe my complaint is moot.
The construction seems sturdy, and the corners are rounded so that it can be carried close to the body, or in a pocket without generating discomfort. It features an on/off switch, and also a row of LEDs to indicate the unit's state of charge.

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-Mobile-Freedom-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B00069IQG0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech Mobile Freedom Bluetooth Headset</a>

Got it for the wife and even with her small ear canals, she finds it to be comfortable.
6357	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pretty simple case and that was all I wanted. It's a magnet type snap instead of velcro or snapping a button so that's pretty cool. I like it a lot cause it was big enough for me to fit a plastic cover around the phone and it still fits good. Basically it was just what I was looking for.
I am very satisfied. It fits my purposes exactly. One other caveat. As other reviewers have stated, do not rely on signal measurement by the number of bars you see. On my Verizon HTC Incredible, 2 bars gives me 89 dbm. On the Galaxy 89 dbm gives me 3 bars . Go to settings and use the signal strength measurement for a more accurate measurement of how strong your signal is.
Then the disappointments began.  First of all, the Plantronics device will work fine after one of two calls, but then on the third or forth call it doesn't pick up the call.  I try re-pairing it and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't.  Why? Don't have a clue.  So this is extremely annoying.  On other occassions, the phone will show it is paired and it picked up the call, yet you can't hear anything.  When you disable the headset, you find out the other person has been talking to you all the time and you didn't hear a single word!  Why?  Don't have a clue.




the headphones that come with the unit aren't very good--pretty tinny sounding with not a lot of bass, but I bought this specifically because you can use your own headphones, so not a problem for me. They're totally fine for talking on the phone, and they do have short cords, which is kinda nice.
4825	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I originally ordered three of these, a black and silver intentionally for myself and a pink one for my daughter. My wife had bought a leather case two days ago, my daughter a silicone case last week....so...The CoZip cases were delivered today while I was at work. When I came home, my wife said my daughter loved the silver so the silver's on her iPhone and when my wife saw the pink case she fell in love with it, so the pink's on her iPhone! They liked these far better than the other bulkier/flimsier cases they bought a few days before and now their old cases are being returned because they said the CoZips are the best cases! They said the cases enhance the phones appearance while providing a better grip feeling. My wife and daughter are fashion experts and these cases pass the test! I really like my black case because it makes it look great! Thanks Amazon for offering these CoZip cases!
844	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	With 15 size neck this headset just fits comfortably. I can wear it to sleep on my left side , right side and flat. Wear it with dressing shirt no problem. Maybe too tight for big necks.
6728	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What's to say?  They are batteries.  MUCH cheaper in this multi-pack than one at a time in the store.  So far they have all worked as needed.
-I've gotten used to the flip style so having the screen exposed made me think twice about shoving it into my pockets.
I immediately put a fingerprint in the bonding glue. (no worries) it does not show. Installation requires a little thought and care. But this is inherent in the nature of the product and its application.
1010	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good little product, but it won't give you more than an extra bar.
I am happy to have the good signal improvement once again, but have taken off a star for the lack of adjustabilty, and for the need to cut off parts and tape stuff to it to get it to work right. Almost ought to take off 2...it was a pain and wasted a lot of time figuring out what to do with it, and it doesn't look as good as it could with the obvious home-grown mods done to it. I may take a little more time later to try and come up with a better solution. Hopefully by the time I need another one, someone will have designed it better. It does what it says it will, as long as your phone fits in there properly, and sits in the right place.
I will say a couple of things that I don't like however. Clicking the button once turns on the laser, and clicking it again turns off the laser. I believe that this should turn on the battery pack. If no power draw is detected, it should auto turn off. To get the battery pack to turn on you have to hold the power button down.  Device draw or not, the battery pack stays on.  If you hold down the button again, you would think it would turn off the battery pack. This is incorrect. It in fact turns on the LED light.  Then you have to let go and hold the button again to turn off the battery pack and the light. There is no way to turn the battery pack on or off without also turning on the LED light.
Pros:
8021	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	maybe this is not the best looking phone but it last forever. I have mine for over 2 years, and it survived so many drops on the concrete-no problems at all.
Ha ha rubber if you call it that...super thin rubber.
1772	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Positives:
1798	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	worked fine.  Easy set up and worked with the magnetic cartridge in my Turntable perfectly
3) Flashing blue light is way too bright! When is dark and I'm in the car, I keep thinking that the cops are behind me the way it blinks so brightly. It disturbed my passengers too.
I used it to get good signal into my basement home office and it works great for that.  Before I couldn't hold a call for more than a minute without dropping and now I can hold a 2 hour phone call with only minor signal issues.  Used to have 0-1 bars and now have 2-4 bars.
Overall, the items were arrived very fast and I am happy with the product.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jabra-BT250v-Bluetooth-Headset-with-Vibrating-Alert-Retail-Packaged/dp/B0007UC5U6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jabra BT250v Bluetooth Headset with Vibrating Alert [Retail Packaged</a>]
6340	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I work in a office and started wearing this on my belt so it wouldn't fall off, unfortunately it is already tearing after only 1 month of being strapped on my belt.

4374	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item I purchased is better than I thought. I had a few others but this one does it all thank you.

3G: The N82 doesn't come w/ US 3G frequency, unfortunately.
1109	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Use the old Kyocera 6035 palm phone since 2000 and finally upgrade to the new Treo 650 this afternoon because I need it a change. The Treo 650 is very bright in color, taking pictures, video, browse the web, playing MP3, viewing JPGs and use Bluetooth to sync with my T42 very quickly. But is this design with the user in mind to use as phone?? Maybe, I list the reason below
7619	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really a rugged case.  I am sure you could not run over it with a truck and have the BB come out in one piece, but for more casual protection this case should do the trick.  I was a bit concerned before I received it about how the keyboard would feel but this is not at all a problem and might even be better then the feel of the uncovered keyboard.  Ringer volume is a bit lower but again not enough to be problem.  Goes together easy and actually is easy to take apart if you need to pull your battery or replace the SD card.  Does make the unit larger but the rubber outer shell makes it feel more secure.
I could not disagree more. It feels extremly sturdy, and while it is not a tiny phone, it is very thin. It weighs more then you would expect, but I don't mind because it feels a bit more well made.

Design:  2 stars (only because of the charging adapter!)
2968	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My purpose for buying the S805 headphones was to hook them up to my Home Theater so that I could watch movies, hear the PS3, and listen to music all in one place.
* Name
4 Stars because of the noticeable heat.
7839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my morphine juice pack, lost the adapter that came with. I turned out this fit better than my original one. But lacks in sound quality a little not by much like when you listen to some Bluetooth speaker. Seems little tight on female end, but no big deal. Make sure not to focus when you insert/pull. So far works well with iPhone earbud, beats studio, and my Audio Technica. Oh yeah delay respond on attached remote on both apple earbud and beat studio...\
tri-band
The fit is PERFECT.
cons:


If you are looking for a good functional adapter that can work in any country, these are a good buy. Just make sure you have strong fingers to set the prongs loose when needed.
Materials:



3475	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	not durable, side buttons are very hard to press, kickstand is flimsy and broke first day. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS!!!
3132	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product was just as described
4507	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	You can really stream music to just the main ear piece. The other earphone is optional if you want total immersion in what you are listening to. If you are at work and don't want anyone to know you are listening to music, then don't use the extra earphone. Awesome product!!
Its unfortunately that they couldn't include a lighting USB cord with it
5462	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Came from China,  not very durable.
-Does NOT come with link cable!  Or PC Studio!  You CAN download this from Samsung's site. I used Bluetooth to link up instead of the cable.
* Slippery plastic ear hook, though they do include extras.
1102	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	free shipping,low price, just what i needed to listen to phone calls fm radio. Will buy another for back up.

Other than the small inconveniences, so far it's working out for me.  The headset is supposed to stay charged for 8 hours before recharging it.  I can't say yet how long it has lasted.  I will know more in a few days and I'll post back if it's anything less or way unsatisfactory.
+ Excellent Camera 5mp w/xenon Flash!!!

5206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This stereo bluetooth device works well but there are corded ear buds and a chain, so you have things hanging all over you when using it.  I needed a stereo bluetooth device because my Verizon XV6800 won't play audio through the bluetooth, except phone calls, with a mono device.  I chose this one because the controls are easy to see and use.  I've had trouble in the past remembering how to use the controls on devices that sit on my ear.  This one is very easy to use, but I don't like the cables that have to link the device to my ears.  I'll probably switch to something that goes around my head sometime in the future.  However, if you don't mind the cables, this device works well.  I use it primarily to listen to recorded books.  When a call comes in, it switches automatically.  Sound quality is great.


After trying two previous portable batteries, one made by Duracell that I had purchased at a local wal mart, and another "Made in China" product, I came to the realization that I needed a serious solution.  The Duracell provided 10% additional power (consider it advertised for cell phones, I was unhappy) and the made in product China only provided 30% additional power...then the power connector broke after a few uses.  So I ordered New Trent's iTorch, after seeing great reviews, and so far have been very happy with my purchase.
1671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pros: small, not protruding like others, lightweight and comfortable. Batter last too long...lol, mic quality is great. twist sorta flat for storage in pocket etc. Multi-Link is great
Otherwise, it does as advertised and keeps my Note 2 charged, the wifes S4, my Escort and the kids ipad using our inverter.
- Blue light might be a bit bright at times
9972	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The price was excellent for a battery for my husband's cell phone.  It arrived very quickly got it installed and it's working great!


7343	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great value
980	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First, the cons:
3) A long cable that runs from the unit to a small antenna with a magnetic base.  The cable is long enough to allow for the antenna to be placed on the roof of the car and attach to the cradle unit on the dash.  The cable is meant to be run into the car through a back window/door and is long enough to be run under the seats so it's pretty much out of the way although not entirely.  It screws into the unit easily, no tools needed.  The antenna is about 5" high and the magnet is strong (but you probably wouldn't want to run it through a car wash).
Pros:
Bluetooth, I LOVE wireless headset feature!
1103	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Before I made this purchase I read all of the negative reviews.  Then I went to my local electronics outlet and looked at their equivalent.  Locally the price was $10 for pretty much the same item.
9375	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It gives me a 12-18dbm boost. But my device in the cradle was getting so hot that it would overheat and stop charging and then die. Well, I noticed open air vents on the back of the cradle and seen a usb out so i decided to buy a 40mm usb fan. I ran rubber bands around the top to bottom to hold the 40mm fan over the vents to blow air inward and plugged in the usb and the device now is always cool/cold to the touch and my device always stays 100% charged in the cradle. But places where I got 3 bars of 3g im now getting 3 bars of 4G Lte. I haven't tested the supplyed antenna as I have a 24 inch antenna I use as it is very strong at keeping signal out in the corn fields... lol


- LED is not as bright as I had wished, if this had a powerful LED, this could even be a decent flashlight replacement.
There are cheap so be careful when moving your phone in n out of the mount

1520	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Purchase through Amazon 4 months ago. Works great with my Razr phone. I'm a truck driver and have had problems in the past with hearing other party and with other party hearing background noise. I can hear very well with this bluetooth. The person I'm talking to can't tell I'm on a bluetooth about 90% of the time. I found that alot of the sound quality towards who I am speaking with has a lot to do with what they are talking on. I can't talk with Verizon customer service with this on. Calls are crystal clear while speaking with another person with a handsfree unit on. Speaking with someone on a landline is pretty good clarity for them, they can tell if my window is open or not and if boom is too far from cheek they can hear alot of background noise. No matter who I talk to I can hear great every time.
9330	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product for the price I purchase it for a friend and they love it.
9297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Wore the first one out with normal use. One of the tabs broke off. Bought a second one. For the price, I was OK with this. I recommend buying two from the beginning. I like the feel.
It's a little chunky, but its other dimensions are quite small.
7144	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	IT WAS A CABLE FOR MY PALM IT WAS GOOD.  MY OLD ONE WAS NOT WORK SO I JUST NEED A NEW ONE.
The main reason for the phone: making and receiving calls. The Nokia seems to have a good antenna and where calls have been spotty with the Motorola, the Nokia has flawless reception. Volume control on the side is handy, as is the bluetooth and speakerphone, although I've yet to try them.

I read an awful lot of negative reviews about this product and I gotta say I think they're off base.
5066	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Like most tech-savvy professionals, I use and rely on a BlackBerry at work. In fact, I've been an addict for quite some time. I recently updated from an 8700 to this amazing phone. The email, calendar and address book are all what you expect and are accustomed to from BlackBerry. There are a ton of great improvements and I've outlined my likes and dislikes below.

There are 10 different ringers also.

The Sanyo 8200 is a solid phone that will be far superior to many alternatives. Not to mention, with the deals you get for signing a 2 year agreement, this phone can be a great value. Sanyo added a few extra nice features for this phone like an alarm (yippie!!!) and appointment calendar. But overall, the features are only slightly above average compared with the current generation of phones. Let's face it, some of these newer phones have really raised our expectations.

2534	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is made of a firmer material than the silicone cases, which is perfect because it doesn't stretch or get caught when going in or out of a pocket or case.  It hugs the phone tight enough that many people won't know you have a case on it.  At first I thought the case was making button use difficult, but then I took the case off and realized the Galaxy Note buttons are terrible even without a case.  It's not much more difficult with the case on, and you do get used to it.  The textured grip area on the sides is a nice tough as well.
1188	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice Product!  Easy to put on MyTouch 4G phone.  Choose this one over some of the others because IT DOES have a hole for the power button :)
3342	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Garbage keeps cutting out and I have to shove it and move it around to get the picture back :(
5570	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice size,  reasonable quality and good accessories.  Just what I needed as a spare radio,  or ship to shore radio.  Small with good features
I am pleased to testify that this 9-cell will outlive my T60. It's almost as good in January 2010 as it was in November 2008 when this review was written - still giving me about 2.5 hours when fully charged. In fact, as I am upgrading from a T60 to a T400, I am keeping this 9-cell as a backup/extra battery for my new laptop.

I have disconnected both units and the signal strength at my desk is at 2 bars without a booster. (Intermittently of course but good enough and better than with the boosters in place). I of course, lose my signal in the basement, but the boosters didn't provide me with better signal strength either so for me, it's not a loss.

I had the Jabra Bluetooth Music Adaptor (A120s) and figured since my Motorola S9 Headphones worked fine with it; then these Motorola S805 headphones should work fine as well. I was wrong. After spending close to an hour of transfers, hang ups, and poor English, I finally got an answer from someone at Motorola's support line: "The S805 is not compatible with your transmitter." I asked them in return, "do you sell a transmitter that will work with them?" for which their reply was, "Only one that works with an iPod."
7924	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	don't waste your money
7)  If battery dies while in the middle of a call, the call does not drop but you just have to grab your handset real quick.  Not practical if it happens while driving.
In my frustration, I looked at eBay for a phono pre-amp, but was not impressed with the affordable options.  My next step, when eBay doesn't pan out (OFTEN)is to look at new stuff on Amazon (which ALWAYS comes through.)

The USB cable from the music kit seems to need the AC charger to be plugged into it to function. The stereo headset from the music kit plugs into the charger port so it is not standard. Choosing the music files to play is selected from the Get-It-Now menu from a linear screen so it is not convenient to playback a large number of MP3 files.
This is the official "brittany spears" headset.  The bluetooth to the stars... If you don't want to be like her- get something else.
Its only for a single phone or jetpack but it works great!


3. probably one of the smallest and lightest I've use.
Has been working pretty well overall. Fits reasonably well to my ears. Can be fitted on either ear with the swivel action.
Russell

8011	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Callpod's Dragon Bluetooth Headset does it all. After having used everything in existence from the Jabra to the Jawbone--and the Motorola(cough) to the Nokia... None have the distance, the configurability (two simultaneous connections) or the talk or standby time that this baby does. More often than not, I have mine connected to my Blackberry (for phone-usage) while playing multiplayer games on my PS3. All I have to do to answer a phone call in mid-game is press the center button--and Voila! Telephone on... Call ends? I'm back to the game without a button push.

2815	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My old razr battery would even hold a charge for a day. The new one is good for 3-4 days the way I use it. Good price and fast shipping.
4635	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice build quality but the belt clip is not as sturdy as you might like. Easily pops off belt
Poor reception quality inside the buildings

The clip is just okay.  Not amazing, since it comes off and can only hold so much pressure.  Not intended for hardcore use .
5362	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is what the Dr. ordered. No need looking any further. It's bulky but, un-stylish vs buying a new phone cause it was not protected. Give me the ugly.
2694	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I received this on the 7th, it broke on the 10th. I didn't hit it on anything or catch it on anything. Stay away from this it is cheaply made garbage.
5913	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very ultra portable. I love it so much. I would recommend it to anyone who is always on the go. Great buy!

Griffin were great about replacing the first one even though it was just out of warranty but the new one broke within a month. I threw it in the trash and didn't bother replacing. 5 stars for customer service, 1 star for product design.
6031	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	New Trent PowerPak - ITorch (IMP52D) Review:
9284	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THis was exactly what I was looking for. Replacing the old worn out cover I had before. Perfect fit on phone. Price was right and delivery was prompt. Good job
The only thing I did not like was the micro-usb connection. I like to have everything charge with the same cord so I had to go out and buy a Mini-USB to Micro-USB adapter. It was only and extra $5, including shipping, but it is something that Motorola should include in the box.

Keyboard is full QWERTY and super easy to use and I'm so fast with it now, I turned text prediction off since it would actually mess me up.
5670	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this as a replacement for a Jawbone that was horrible. I have been through several bluetooth headsets in the last 2 years and this one is hands down best right out of the box. Sound quality is awesome, no one complains that they have a problem hearing me. I don't know how long this one will last but hopefully longer than the rest i have purchased.

  - easily stored

For less than $40---Good buy.
- Massive 5000mah capacity
Apart from the retro-layout of the keypad and the huge (for a cell phone) screen, the phone also has another strange feature - no external antenna!  Yet the reception is great!
I gave it 4 stars because the Velcro strap or something must have stretched a bit with use.  It has fallen out a few times, so I am very careful fastening it now.
83	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	You are saying that you sell a Universal charger but what you sold me was a blasted Blackberry charger! I am so mad right now!! I can't believe this. I was so excited waiting for a charger for my samsung battery charger and all I got was a BLACKBERRY CHARGER. DON'T EVER BUY FROM THIS SELLER.
I have not tested it fully but I hear that sweat is the enemy of this product.



2546	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this skin, it's slim and light, but protects the phone very well! I dropped it already few times, but phone survived with no problems, still looks like brand new!
5924	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery did exactly what I needed it to do.  I ran  a GPS app on my phone for 10 hours and it kept the phone charged.

It provides some protection from drops, the elements, etc. both externally and internally, whereas many cases, including the popular hard cases for Razrs protect only the exterior.
6716	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The cell phone service in my place isn't too bad.  It's about what you'd expect - you look at your cell phone and see that you have a full signal, but as soon as you place a call, or go online, it drops to 1 or 2 bars.
It's good for one full charge but that's all you'll need in an emergency situation. I haven't checked how fast it looses it's charge but I hope it's able to sustain it for a reasonable period of time. All in all, a very handy tool.

- Great battery life
888	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	THEY ARE DEAD! I got these on Sunday 8/9/15... They worked. Sound wonderful. No choppy reseption even 40+ feet away!. Used them at work... And they did the job. I was pleased with them up to this point. Today, went to the gym and they worked wonderful. Get done with a 30 min run and they are now dead!


9244	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like because so good quality and safe to hold my smarty phone,I can recommend anyone this phone case
Reason #3: No matter HOW convenient the pda, I found it next to impossible to give up a touch-screen's amazing versatility and the ease with which you can use it to edit things and connect on websites.
[...]
JIS "5" Direct jetting water from any direction shall have no harmful effect (Jet resistant)
As for functionality, I was not completely satisfied for the following reasons:
1) People hear me better.  Mic is really good.

166	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This Samsung Travel Charger for Galaxy S2 really charges fast.  It really does not take a long time so if you are in a hurry it goes pretty quickly.

  CDMA phone. Search engine produces no results. 3rd party
4260	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great gadget to add bluetooth capability to your car. I bought one and I liked it so much that I bought another as a gift. It's easy to use, and the call quality is great. I can even get Google Maps to tell me directions through it.  How did I not know about this?
1. Good output volume and quality. When I'm using Plantronics Voyager 510, people I'm talking to cannot tell I'm on a Bluetooth headset - not even when I'm driving.  The case was the opposite when I was using Jabra BT250 and BT500, when I used to hear complaints about noise, static and low volume of my voice.

554	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Dont buy it, it does absolutely nothing.... I know you are tempted to buy it to see if you have a better experience.. but don't do it.
Installation of the case is real simple.  The first layer is a clear plastic overlay that covers the front, top, and back of the phone.  Then the hard inner shell snaps together, and finally the rubber top layer goes over all of that.  The only two gripes I had with this case... the clear plastic overlay needed a thorough cleaning every month or two, and the air bubbles were hard to remove from the screen (even with the application card).  Also the clear plastic piece covered the camera lens, so all my pictures would have a haze to them.  I ended up cutting out the part over the camera, and that fixed it right up.  Overall, this is a very rugged case, and really protected my phone to the max.  I highly recommend this to anyone that's looking for supreme phone protection!
3333	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works perfect, nice and inexpensive
2985	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Forgot to write a review, but I still have the phone and has lasted over the years. Who needs smartphones?
 -FM Transmitter makes your mp3 transmit to listen via your car stereo. The two loudspeakers make listening without a headset more pleasurable.
9944	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price. Best quality. Jim A.
its definitely a girly case which i love

My only complaints are, it plays somewhat low volume through my stereo, but plenty loud for me, and some people say they cannot hear me as well as they'd like, but well enough to get the amount of talking done that you should be doing while driving anyways.  Plus it helps to speak more directly at it. As an iPhone user I bought this primarily for music use, and for that I find it to be fabulous. Great sound quality, as good, if not better than when plugged in through the 3.5mm jack, but not quite as good as through the iPhone proprietary plug. More importantly, it is a seamless experience. (just like the iPhone...for the most part :-P )
3. Apparently Windows Mobile software (on our work phone and this one) doesn't remind you that you missed an appointment alert, missed call, or have unread messages - I fixed this by downloading the Don't Forget Freeware app that does exactly that.

PROS
The Jabra BT 3030 was exactly what I needed.  I wear it around my neck and use retractable ear buds to limit the cord mess.  I love being able to pause, play, skip forward or back without having to touch my phone.  It even works great to attach my work badge too.
8856	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love the versatility of being able to plug in any usb plug to it.  So not only am I able to charge my phone, I can also charge ipad, kindle, etc.  Love the extra feature of the pointer and led flash light as well.
When I plugged the headset directly into the iPhone, all was well.


521	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Waste of MONEY. Does nothing to improve signal. Don't fall for this scam like I did!!!!
I have been researching cell phones for 2 months now. If you are looking for a decent flip-camera phone which won't cost you very much but has the latest features (bluetooth, speakerphone) for a 1 yr contract ... go for the V330.


As others have mentioned, it won't fast forward through songs, it only skips to the next song.




530	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I fell for this one when they first came out. All i think it dose is help push the battery away from the antenna and i think the copper  in it was to help block unwanted radio wave interference. I got maybe half a bar but when ther is no signal ther is "no signal" al in short. Its a flashy sticker.

Now.. for all this praise I didn't hit the full 5-stars for one reason and one reason only:  the internal components and the external case of my Magni 2 aren't quite perfectly aligned.  Upon receipt it was obvious the volume control & power button were not centered in the drilled-out holes in the aluminum case.  Yes; it's only an aesthetic issue, but it's annoying.  They are clearly shifted to the right and me being weird about that sort of thing I notice it every time I turn on the Magni 2.  Also, the Coax connector on the back is slightly bent (not perpendicular to the back of the unit), while all the other items (switches and RCA in- and outputs) are fine.
3094	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These are my goto screen protectors when I don't have a better / custom alternative. They do the job, but are not as clear as other options.
Cons
8505	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	When I bought this phone back in Sep. 08, I expected great results from the phone.  After all, I figured, 'It's an LG'.  Little did I know, months later, that I would run into all sorts of problems like not being able to dial overseas and constantly running out of minutes (which always felt more than $0.20 a minute).  These turned out to be my pet peeves because I bought the phone for those main uses but when they didn't work out as planned, I kept thinking that I should have kept my regular Sprint phone plan, rather than to buy this nearly useless phone.  I found that since Sep., when I first bought the phone, I've "topped up" or filled up my prepaid phone minutes ($20 for 200 minutes, $30 for 400 minutes, $50 for 1,000 minutes) more than I wanted to or even expected to- 5 or 6 times, rather than just 3 or 4 times.
9951	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exact replacement part for the OEM battery, charges quickly and holds a charge just like the OEM battery did. The price was unbelievable too! If you are one of those people that is rocking the good old flip phone and the battery is marginal, this is the one you need to keep on ricking the retro flip phone!




4084	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've worn this holster for two weeks now and it's been great!  I didn't want to write the review right away because I wanted to see if the clip would hold up.  So far, it's been perfect.  The holster is the best I've used on any cell phone I've ever had, the phone pops in and out SO easily and the magnet keeps it secure.  I bought two of them because at the low price I was afraid it was going to break quickly but it's been FINE. And it's fun going past the brick and mortar stores seeing the same holder sold for $29.95 and up!
I'm currently on my second "Road Warrior" headset. The first one became extremely hot when charged with the 12V adapter plug & wouldn't hold a charge for over a few hours., I suspect that the truck voltage(14.1V) is too much for this little battery. I haven't tried the auxiliary truck plug on this one as I don't want to fry the battery. The AC power brick has a rated output of 9V so I suspect the 5V difference is what does in the battery. This one I have only used the AC adapter & the battery life is at best abysmal. The info supplied claims a standby life of up to 100 hours & talk time of up to 6 hours. Not even close. Yesterday my unit ran 6 hours standby & 1 hour talk before it had to be recharged. If this unit lived up to it hype I would give it 5 stars, but with its poor battery life I only give it 2. If you can live with the battery issues its a great unit.
3. my issue didn't resolve as the male pin side it's wide and will not go through the case on my iPhone
8194	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This si the second charger like this I purchased. So far they each have lasted a year and worked on all LG phones I've tried (a Vu, Shine, and a purple flip phone). Each phone charges just fine. The only thing I would say is it takes longer to reach a full charge than using the LG brand charger that came with my phone. It's great as a back up charger. I keep one at work in my desk and gave the other to my mother since she is always losing and then finding her charger.
Overall this works just like they explain. The closer you are to your indoor receiver using your cell phone, the better your signal will be. Your not tethered to the receiver with any kind of cables, so you don't need to worry about having a cell phone with any special connections. This also works with data cards for computers as well, which could make this product very helpful if wireless data is the only way you can get internet access. Very good investment for anyone who needs good, reliable cell phone reception.

- Hold battery for a long time
I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.
5600	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I priced this in one of the cell phone stored in the mall. It was priced at $15. I got it from the vendor for $4 (including S&H). Looks good on my phone, and feels great in my hand. I highly recommend it. It was also delivered promptly. I was VERY impressed. Good job AMAZON!!!!!
There is also a camera - good enough to take pictures which will show on the screen to let you know who is calling and snapshots but their quality is only a little above acceptable so don't throw away your camera before you check it out thoroughly - and a radio, a nice addition (headphones, naturally included) although you should be prepared to recharge the battery quite often if you're addicted to listening all the time.

I'm just mad because the charger went bad after only 30 minutes of use. Also, there was no electrical storm or anything occurring with the weather.
1892	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this is my second one of these I wore my first one for three years and it just broke but it is well worth the money I have spent on it works great pairs easy and last as far as talk time for the full eight to ten hours worth the money.
5859	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	HORRIBLE PHONE STAY AWAY FROM IT.  COULDN'T EVEN SAVE YOU IN AN EMERGENCY!!!!!!! I WAS SO AGGRAVATED I THREW IT IN THE GARBAGE.  IT IS SO CHEAP.  I WAS BETTER OFF GETTING MY SON HIS REPLACEMENT PHONE FROM GO PHONE AT&T ...IT WAS CHEAPER AND BETTER QUALITY!
It's not just the flash. It's not just the 5 megapixels. It's not just the lens cover. It's a lens that can handle the megapixels and an autofocus that makes it worth while. Most of us aren't trying to take poster-sized photos. For best results, I reduce the initial size of the photo (to 5x7 or so) so it doesn't have to be edited down.
2683	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice looking case.  Very inexpensive and seems to fit very well.  Excellent value and it feels good in hand.  A little softer than I like and therefore most likely prone to losing it's shape/tightness over time.

9685	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thank you.
6942	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good batts, can't quite figure out why they come in fives, when most watches only use four, but that would be a buns vs hot dogs type of question, huh? These always work in my Casio ProTrek.
You will love it !
When I returned my first headset to Fry's Electronics I asked them what their most popular model was.  The sales guy said it was the Plantronics 510.  I tried it on and it felt really good.  I've been using it for about two months now and I love it to pieces.  It works as well now as it did the moment I bought it (actually, better, because it needed a charging).
2265	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say.  It's just an extender and it does well what it's suppose to do.  I use it with my Navigon 7100 to have the cable going in a different direction.
6514	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is a joke.  No help at all...nothing. Do not water time or money. Prefer to give no stars.
604	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off. The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem. After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center, they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable "due to customer abuse." I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage (unless using it to make phone calls counts as "customer abuse"), but got the same comment, without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation. It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty. You'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works. After that, you're on your own.

89	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This charger woks wonderfully on the Samsung Galaxy S4.  it chargers the phone fast and the price is great!  Highly Recommended product!
- The software is very easy to navigate. This is nicely improved over the Motorola interface of my older RAZR.
[...]

J
I have not tried this with my ipad, but when the iPhone plugs in, it says it puts out 1000 mAh.  It charges up the phone quite fast, and at the end of the night, it has charged my phone a couple of times and still has juice left.  I just plug it into my dual USB charger and leave it overnight, and it's good to go.
7188	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Last phone battery was dead and when it was replaced with this one, that was the end of the problem. this battery put new life into that phone.

3348	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought these cables for my Wii because my TV has only one composite cable slot and one component cable slot so I bought them so I could plug in a DVD player as well. The cables work well and the picture quality does look bumped up a bit.


Battery last for days, I usually charge this Nokia once a week. I don't use internet though, just phone calls, some messaging, occasionally camera.
It's a simple plastic insert that can stay in place in the garbage disposal opening when not being used. When in place, It's raised up just enough to allow water to drain easily. But when you do need to use it to push food into the disposal, just pick it up using the permanently attached handle and it's ready to jump into action.
822	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Surprisingly good sound quality for the price ($19 when I bought them). I found them comfortable to wear when walking or jogging. Volume is good once I figured out how where the volume control was (default volume setting is too low). The on/off button is a hassle compared to the simple slider on my LG-Tones. Another negative is that these are an inch longer than the LG-Tones, so all the cheap LG-Tones cases you see on Amazon will not fit these headphones.
2929	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THANK YOU


2652	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding headset.  Best I have ever used.  Syncs perfectly with my Treo 650.  One press of the call button locks it onto my Treo for bluetooth operation.  I even use a second one at home with my 5.8 ghz cordless phones and a BTA II scala bluetooth adapter.
attractive
the VM coverage where i live is better than ATT and t-mo and VM costs less than VZW
Cons:
In conclusion - as I said before, I'm easy to please so I really like this phone and all it has to offer.  However, if you are looking for a phone akin to a Blackberry or Sidekick, the Wildcard is not for you.
So, it works great except in the dark.
I would suggest this headset to users looking for a good headset for most devices. Consider other options with Palm OS phones.
5715	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	You need to have a bucket of these.  They break easily.

I really like how this items looks and functions, but I can't recommend it to anyone because of the swivel clip.
5572	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice compact radio with a ton of features.  The weather radio is very nice.  It shipped fast, and is a great addition to our ditch bag.
- It would be nice if the charging was faster, although it is not an inconvenience to have it attached to your device, I personally prefer to use my things free of cables.
http://www.amazon.com/Firefly-Starter-Kit/dp/B000W9MCRI/ref=pd_rhf_cr_s_cp_4_6CNH?ie=UTF8&refRID=10K2PEB3DQT9K7QFJKED
Aliph's Jawbone headset changed all that.  My friends and family no longer even suspect I'm in the car when I use it.  If they call me while I'm in a grocery store or department store, they hear neither the hubbub of the store nor the announcements over the building intercom.  Then I went to my favorite wing restaurant, which keeps the music pretty loud.  I stood directly under one of their speakers and asked my friend if she could hear it.  She thought she heard some people speaking faintly in the background.  She had no idea I was standing under a speaker with music blaring at me.
Cons: only lasted 1 year.
9602	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you have an area that has some cell service, and you put the antenna there, the signal should be boosted in any area that you can run coax cable to 50 ft. away. Note that you need to be very close to the internal device for maximum boost, but you will probably get some signal in an entire room that had none before. Picture a basement office that has no signal, and an upstairs that has a decent signal. you should get a very good signal in the basement office.
5.  The most notable, IMHO, of the losses, is the lack of noise-cancellation circuitry in this model.  This is surprising, as previous versions of the Jabra headsets did.  For those of you who owned a BT250, you'll remember that the mic end had two holes in it: one closest to your mouth, and then one on the other side of the mic bulge.  The circuitry compared the sounds from both mics, and assumed the sound at equal levels in both mics was background noise, while the sound primarily from the hole closest to your mouth was your voice.  It would then cancel out the background noise.


664	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised this is the best Sticky pad I have had.
1487	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We have tried everything from the moto-850 to the other plantronics and after seeing this in a gold box deal thought what the heck.  To my amazement it has been really a fantastic headset. Easy to pair, easy to adjust volume, great battery life, very clear even with wind noise and city sounds around, and last but not least it has an indicator light that does not look like an emergency strobe (I hated my mot-850 for that at night it would reflect off the glass and the dash in the car or the side window and drive you insane...)

4. Cool screen which displays Song playing and Who's calling.
8816	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I would be lost with out this little darling.  I can get two phone charges off of one cycle of the power pack.  Or one phone charge and one iPad charge!  Also works wonderfully on the galaxy s5
6730	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've used four the day I received these. 2 batteries in two different Invicta watches and 2 batteries in my Casio protek. All three are back working great. I'm quite happy with this purchase since big box wanted 8-10 bucks for two.

2182	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a great tool if you like to tinker around with your phone.  Really you want to buy this on Amazon ($12) rather than Motorola's site ($40) because after a while you probably won't be tinkering anymore.
4486	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been using my headset for four months now and have loved it.  I typically use it for listening to podcasts and audio books while I'm working, and for that purpose, it works wonderfully.  I've heard the sound quality isn't so great for music, but to be honest, my hearing isn't sharp enough to tell where it's lacking.


7610	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I own a much more expensive Tumi version. This one is not only 1/3 of the price, but it also works almost as well. The main drawback is that prongs tends to get stuck while moving back and forth. It will take some hand dexterity to move them.

The sheer convenience for music playback is great though, it remembers my device (whether it be the EVO, an iPod touch, or my old phone) just fine so I never have to re-pair it, and it can remember multiple devices as well. It can even pair to multiple devices at once, when I had the SE phone I'd pair it up for phone functions and I'd simultaneously pair the iPod for music playback.
The result of an hour set up for me was a little disappointing but more or less in line with my initial expectations. It should be noted that when the description says that this device will boost the signal in a "small area" that does not mean a small bedroom and part of the adjoining hallway or your kitchen or entire living room. Even without walls I found that the radius that gets great service (consistently 4-5 bars where we used to get 1-2) is only about a circle with  a radius of 6-7 feet. From there the signal strength quickly drops off. It isn't a sharp drop-off in that calls don't drop at 8 feet from the desk antenna, but if you're more than say 10-12 feet from the antenna you don't see much of a boost.
8195	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this screen protector for my q9c and I must say, I am pretty happy with it. It fits very well and was pretty easy to put on. The only thing I don't care for is how easy it is to leave smudges all over the protector. My protector didn't come with a squeegee, but the silicone backing means you don't really need it. If you realize you have a little dust under the protector, apply a strip of scotch tape to the corner closest to the dust, slip the point of an exacto blade CAREFULLY between the screen and protector to get it started a little, lift up a bit with the tape, and remove the dust from the protector with the sticky side of a piece of scotch tape. Then  carefully reapply the protector from center to corner, remove the tape, and remove any tape residue with a microfiber cloth. These are far better quality than the 3m protectors, and A LOT easier to apply than the invisible shield.

8254	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product is great and performs well. The sound quality is fine, for phone use or at the gym.  However, as others have noted, the cord on one side is WAY TOO SHORT. So if you are using both sides, its a bit awakward and hard to use. But I have been albe to use it while jogging outside, but just have to be aware of the cords.
Lastly, another I wasn't expecting it and I don't know why, but the IMP52D has an LED light - a 3 Second Hold Click will turn the LED light on or off - if the battery pack was not on, the 3 Second Hold Click will also turn the battery pack on when it turns on the LED light - Turning the LED light off also turns off the battery pack -
I wasn't expecting it and I'm not sure why, but the IMP52D has a laser pointer - a quick click of the single button turns it on and off -
2656	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	worked well when i needed it for emergencies in thailand. cheaper than trying to use my iPhone. the volume is low so must use in quieter places. the card that came with it gave instructions on adding minutes, the sim card was included.
1746	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Mine broke first time.  Took forever to get replacements.  Second set broke also.  Returned for refund.  Took forever to get refund.
4660	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	excellent concept with the metal clip. But not a good idea as it pretty much eats away at the belt loop its attached too and then it falls apart and becomes useless.
4234	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This same case costs $20 at the mall.  Why pay more?  It also works on my HD2 as long as their's no sleeve on the phone.  This case will hold your Iphone with a silicone sleeve still on it and/or with a hard shell.  It's a good deal.

9604	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I canceled my ground phone service as many people did. However cell phone is a radio and it is unstable in some week signal areas. This Booster is alternative to Microcell of AT@T (which required Internet) and does not require any additional connections. It just boost your cell phone signal in limited area in radius at least 30 feet from antennas. Here what I did. I had no idea where is the cell phone transceiver tower so I found most powerful spot with maximum signal bars with my cell phone near window, mounted cradle antenna with logo sign facing window, mounted cable from this antenna across the room to amplifier, connected "on board" antenna (cable about 4feet with desktop antenna) to the amplifier and moved away from amplifier as far as possible facing logo on this antenna in opposite side to first one (back to back). I got green light immediately and 6-7 bars instead 2-3.
So did it solve my problem - yes for 90% but still there was not stable sound when I talked on the phone but much clear though. Did it boost in 15 times - no.
My first impressions were mostly positive, the design is attractive and very dimunitive.  On the ear it felt pretty comfortable and non-intrusive.  To me the buttons, although small were easy to operate and had a good click to them.  The glow light that tells you charge and status was a big plus.
7476	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nokia seem to be experimenting with a different keyboard layout/feel. The N78 is a good attempt...but the numeric keypad requires you to have tiny fingers to type on the N78 (quite like the iPhone).
8001	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have the Samsung Blast and just as advertised this is the cord only and does not come with the software. I went to samsungs website and downloaded the PC suite in less than 2 mins I was transfering files from my pc to my phone. I've made 6 ringtones so far.
6417	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	great
looks funny with the microphone sticking out of the sleek black box- however this appears to work very well so I'm not sure I should complain.
6709	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We were able to easily, and inexpensively, bring cell phone access into a building that had had serious issues with cell coverage. There were both interior and exterior concrete block walls, and coverage inside the building ranged from iffy to non-existent. The booster took very little time to setup and gave us good coverage for folks using both Verizon (CDMA) and AT&T (GSM).
- It's not nearly as good of a fit (snug) as I'd prefer.
413	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	FIT PERFECTLY, WELL MADE, COLORFUL, MY WIFE LOVED IT, I WOULD BUY IT AGAIN FIT PERFECTLY, WELL MADE, COLORFUL, MY WIFE LOVED IT, I WOULD BUY IT AGAIN =)
about two times off of one full charge. This thing was a lifesaver when the

* Voice dialing actually works really well!



This is NOT a case that will fit in your pocket unless you are wearing cargo shorts/pants.
689	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Cingular 2 Year Contract
 * After about 1/2 hour, blue light 2 is continuously lit - light 3 & 4 come on, one at a time, left to right, and stay lit until all 3 are on - then lights 3 & 4 shut off and the cycle repeats -
8637	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	After charging overnight, I paired this with my HTC 8525 PDA phone from Cingular (AT&T).  Unless I am willing to hold the phone next to the headset, the Bluetooth connection gets very noisy and will likely drop/disconnect.  This not only looks ridiculous, but doesn't qualify as hands-free.

Ear clip material- I think it's metal- it will break after being bent a few times (my first one lasted four months), it's not like wire in that it does not "feel" like it's supposed to be bent to fit to your ear.
The phone would not pair up with my jabra bt250v which I could possibly live without however with the phone being in my pocket I was unable to hear it ringing with the volume on 5 (the loudest it would go, also there are no "profiles" to possibly make it louder) The actual sliding portion did feel like it "locked" into place however the top portion of the phone felt very wobbly and cheap. The phone has no flash and you have to adjust the brightness for every photo which makes it useless if your kids are doing something that is a "kodak-moment". I didn't find the phone to be user-friendly out of the box, for instance factory default is when you dial a number and close the slide it hangs up the call. this can be disabled but it was a shocker the first time.
8017	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this item numerous times over the last 5-10 years.  I find it protective of my glasses and easy to use.  If have several pair of prescription glasses, tinted and not tinted, sunglasses, etc.  I also have about 5-6 pair of reading glasses that I keep in these holders in my bedroom, at my computer, in the kitchen, in my sewing room, in my basement, and at work.  All are in these holders.
7712	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The clip can snap off is pressured and is the reason that I have re-purchased the Contour case, for the clip.
8489	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I found this radio to be of exceptional quality. Works great on the lakes where I live.  If anyone is going boating, I highly recommend this radio. The best part of this radio is the weather channel. Keeps constant alerts coming in so there are no surprises.

IT'S A KEEPER . . . .
8075	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Very nice looking, easy to use.
4680	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it. Easy to hook on the belt and take out the phone when someone calls. So far it's comfortable
Cons:
Three days after receiving this weBoost Drive, we were on our way to "dead cell zone of North America".  I decided to use it in the car then move it to the Travel Trailer when we arrived.  Normally we loose cell service many times on the way, then all service goes dead 2 miles from camping area.  Our 8 hour drive was a good test of this device in the car, we NEVER lost signal.  Even in the areas through the mountains we normally drop for 10-30 minutes at a time, we had very good signal strength.  This device delivered signal in the car and all the way to our camp site with only 2 drops in cell service as we entered a mountain range and still had 1 bar signal in Jeep at camp site.

Product has been packaged for returned.
8860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I liked the fact that 2 power related cords for recharging this were included, although it would also have been nice for it to have come with an AC power adapter instead of needing a USB power source from a laptop of cell phone charger.
-Removable Memory Micro SD
4768	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got my phone a few days ago and didn't read the previous reviews as i should was in a rush. But here it goes you don't get the 2gb which is not indicated by amazon but 419MB exactly. this really isn't an issue for me because i have an 80GB ipod and i wouldn't use the phone as a media player in most situations just for custom rings for some of my friends. If the average song you put on is 5MB u could out about 89 songs on it which is unlikely for me. and let alone if you gonna cut the songs for playing custom address contact rings anyhow it is enough. But it has surprised me i do get a better quality signal and physically a beautiful phone. Just hope amazon are more clear on some of their labels for items you would have a less customer dis-satisfaction ratio. If you tell the customer exactly what to expect then why would they be bothered sometimes amazon is too vague. But all in all a good phone and the no warranty sucks but that can't be helped it is from aboard

From a sound level standpoint the unit is great. It is down right loud and I can hear the person on the other end with no problem even with my stereo partly on.
I don't understand how jabra could go through all the trouble of making this product and then skim on the amplification.

one thing you might want to consider is that this device is not really good if you want to use it in the gym while you are running on the treadmill/ or on the track since the gadget keeps bouncing off your chest when you are running. Apart from the ergonomics, it is a very good device.
461	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	woks great, the last one I had lasted for years, I expect that this one will too. fast delivery fast & accurate.

If it wasn't for the price of this product, I would probably be mad and would've given it a low score. So one suggestion while applying these screen protectors is to make sure you wash your hands, do it in a dust-free environment and if you need glasses to see better, wear them! Overall, great addition in keeping your LG Voyager clean, protected and for the price this is a good, not great product.
9145	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little guy has saved my bacon on more than a few occasions. It's small enough to fit in your pocket, yet packs a whopping 5000 mAH battery to rescue your power hungry smartphone or any other usb powered device! Ideal for anyone who travels and needs extra juice to get them thru a long flight, or drive. The construction is solid, and the button is NOT hard to push, as some reviewers have said. I would buy this again without
3955	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have owned supertooth light for about 2 years and finally the boom would not stay in the "off" or retracted position. When pushed in the boom would not engage inside the unit. The tranmsit and reception quality is good however but now I fear the battery life will be severly shortened due to always being in the boom out or "on" position.

I got in touch with the seller and they asked me to ship the cable back for analysis, what I didn't do, it's not a matter of analysis, it's just not what they say it is...
7828	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased 3 of these through the seller WELLGOAL. Each had faulty and misaligned connectors, resulting in messed up audio. If you've ever pulled your headphone plug out slightly, and only heard echoey background music without the vocals, it sounded like that. All 3 were also slightly different lengths (bad quality control?). The adapters did not work on the following devices: iPod Nano 4th Gen, Samsung Galaxy Tab 3, iPod Touch 4th Gen, Kindle Fire HD.

7623	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I always do research before I purchase something.  I read about the problem with the fit and keeping the ear piece in your ear.  I also read about how great the sound was.  I read the reviews on cnet.com as well as here on Amazon.  Well, the reviews were correct.  The sound was terrific.  The ability to keep it on my ear was the problem.  I even bought the jabra eargels that were recommended in a cnet.com review.  They didn't work.  It was so frustrating that I finally returned the jawbone.  To much of a problem trying to figure out how to keep the jawbone on my ear.  After I returned it, I purchased the blueant z9.  Wonderful earpiece.  Easy to wear and terrific sound!  I highly recommend this headset (blueant z9)!
One marginal shortcoming: the 510's clarity isn't good enough for it to replace the wired Plantronics USB headset I use for dictating to Dragon Systems "Naturally Speaking" voice recognition software on the laptop.  But that would be a stretch for any wireless headset.
7209	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First,  one "pro" point I have for this headset model.
Nice to use, but directions could be better.  I figured it out quickly, but with the cost of ruining the inside screen protector.
* Name
2. The battery is excellent and lasts for days on standby and for at least 6 hours talking.
Cons:
3908	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	An inexpensive, light-weight retrofit that delivers a luxury experience. The looks won't win any prizes but even so the off-white plastic design is not offensive and in anything less than a high-end bathroom is all you need.
3711	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this pouch since all reviews of the Line 6 Relay G30 Wireless System say that the clip that comes with the wireless pack is complete crap... which is true.  Although the wireless pack of the G30 has the 1/4-in input on the BOTTOM of the unit for some odd reason, this pouch accommodates by allowing extra room, and a flexible bottom, to let you get an angled cable in there with ease.  Great investment.
The included led flashlight and laser pointer are an added benifet as well.  Haven't had a chance to use the laser pointer other then to play with my dog (he loves chasing it on the floor) but the led flashlight already came in handy on a couple occasions.
6. MP3 player software is good but you have to buy a "special adaptor" so you can use that MP3 function.
In conclusion, great headset for $30. In that price range (under $50??) it is a 5 star. Is there better out there. Certainly. But you have to double, if not, triple the price. For $30.00, I am extremely happy and would recommend it to others.


3521	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed a replacement for my original Otterbox case purchased with my phone. I love the case and I will purchase again. It has saved my phone from breaking many times.
7174	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great
1227	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headphone fits well on my ear, has very good sound, no noise, great range, easy to use and good battery life. After researching and trying different ones - some were more expensive - I realized this was even better value for money. Excellent Product!!!
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Discovery-925-Bluetooth-Headset-Black/dp/B001630QZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Discovery 925 Bluetooth Headset - Black</a>
1686	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Use them until AT&T dropped service.

  - allows data transfer


 -FM Transmitter makes your mp3 transmit to listen via your car stereo. The two loudspeakers make listening without a headset more pleasurable.

a laser pointer. I would highly recommend this device to those traveling,
6623	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	When we purchased this we thought it would be 5 bars all the time but after going through all the trouble of meticulously following the directions and installing this, we might get 4 bars at any point and not always that much.  A little disappointed for the amount we spent on it but hey, at least we get phone calls now where before it acted like we never got them even though the phones would show missed calls and voicemails.
5290	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased very expensive heads set and have been quite dissapointed with those purchases. My brother bought this product a while ago and recommended it to me to try it. I have now used it with my iPhone and it works pretty good. The reception has been far better than my other Jawbone and Motorola H700 series. I love that it also cost me a lot less. It feels very comfortable on the ear, I usually forget I have it on after a while. Nice volume too. The controls volume are a bit akward for me to up and down the volume, but I use my iPhone for that instead. Overall, I am pretty pleased with this purchase. My next bluetooth, will be another from Jabra.
Its downsides are the multifunction button that is way to easy to press, and the fact that it does not have the ability to filter out non voice sounds.
2285	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The small size and light weight make this a comfortable headset to use. You can use it without the ear hook, if your ear is the right size. The insert is comfortable as well. Great sound quality both for the wearer and the person you are talking to.
EVDO Fast Internet


Is the ClearBoost right for you? I'm not really able to comment on how well the antenna works in the 850 mHz band, so I can't say yea or nay. Antenna performance aside, the case is too slippery, and needs a belt clip.

1929	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very well made. holds up well.  I really like this case, it is easy to use, well made, appears to be durable. and fits the phone perfectly.  I'd buy another
6430	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product for the price I purchase it for a friend and they love it.



AND they do look better and feel better around my neck than a pair of LG tones, but I'm really surprised (especially considering a lot of positive reviews) just how BAD the audio quality is on these...

6028	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Powerpak Itorch has great form and size. Very easily fits in the palm of your hand. Easy to charge although using USB it will take several hours. The cable is included (USB to micro USB) that allows for easy use. You will need an Apple cable however for specific Apple products. Charges an Iphone very quickly. 50% to 100% in just about 30 minutes. Also works with an ipad just takes about twice the time. Is a significant tool to extend use and very easy to have with you. The laser pointer and flashlight feature are added benefits. Extremely powerful laser so worth keeping handy for presentations. The battery life extension well worth it and great for trips where you have limited access to a power source. Would strongly recommend for the frequent traveler and commuter.
I haven't run this to the point it has completely lost power - I don't know how long it lasts.  At least 3-4 days of idle and 4-5 hours of talk time.
- have acceptable sound quality and decent volume even when on battery

5046	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works well with my iPhone and the case that is on it. Needed it for a set of speakers that had a bigger 3.5 mm headphone jack.  It is exactly what I wanted.
3050	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Being a nurse for over 30 yrs. bathroom & hand sanitation is very important to me.  We always give the paper towel option to our guests instead of a used hanging cloth hand towel.  Everyone loves it and asks me where I got it. I gave it a spray stone finish to match my mirror in the powder room, but kept the back & top smooth for easy dusting.  I also bought one for my homecare office bathroom.  Already gave 3 as gifts.  Highly recommended.
1628	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This was great for the first 2 months.  Month 3, it started dropping calls. By month 4, it was dropping more calls than it was answering.  I replaced it with another bluetooth, because I couldn't take it anymore.  I wouldn't recommend this.  I now have the Samsung WEP and after a few weeks, no problems as of yet.
Incoming sound quality is very good, bordering on excellent, the only "what?" moments I have are when I'm talking to friends on their inferior headsets. Outgoing sound quality isn't quite as good since noise-reduction is a little overly ambitious in the car, and there's a slight "hollow" sound folks seem to notice, and it doesn't cancel the background all that well, but it's still vastly cleaner sound than anything else I've used so far and avoids nearly all the "what?" moments on the other end. Connectivity is good but a tiny bit more chance of static than the 200 depending on obstacles, still it generally works out fine, especially while driving.
3587	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	In a nutshell:
reasonable price & charges my Samsung Galaxy S-III super fast. It charged
3370	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you have a good TV or are a gamer then you more than likely already have this. If you have a LCD or better tv than you would want to buy this, the Wii only plays in 480i but this cord helps make it look nicer, a worthy buy if you can find a deal.
The water pressure is fantastic.  I feel like i'm getting pressure washed as I shower.
9069	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Been using it as a backup battery on the go for Iphone 5 and 4s, works fantastic, really easy to use and lightweight, highly recommended!
The single button control for all functions of the battery is the pitfall of the product: the one button controls turning the battery on and off, turning the flashlight on and off, and turning the laser pointer on and off (depending on how long you press the button). The status LED lights are difficult to understand (they move when charging, but you don't know which combination of LEDs indicate it is fully charged, charging, or discharging).
POOR Battery Life


There are 4 VERY small LEDS that tell you the power level of the battery pack and the charging state,  The 4 LEDS come on when you hit the button once, they tell you the power state of the device,  each LED represents 25% charge left in the battery pack. While a device is plugged into the battery pack the charging the LEDS stay on the, I personally find this slightly annoying because I feel like it is wasting a small amount of power they are also slightly distracting when its say sitting next to you or on your beside at night, I would rather these turn off after say 30 seconds and to be able to see the amount of charge left in the battery pack you would just have to click the button once. But this is only a minor complaint and nothing major.
3062	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What can I say... They fit and it works... It was what they said ... I think this fits all the Neat portable scanners.... except for the desktop versions of course...
It took four (4) hours to fully charge the IMP52D while connected to an AC outlet using the supplied micro USB charging cable and my own Apple AC charger. I then used it to charge my iPad 2 from 15% to 70% in 3.5 hours. The iTorch was depleted and showed a "low" status of one (1) flashing led of power


6185	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I couldn't be more pleased with this product! I use it with the HTC Inspire and with my iPad 3 and love the way I can charge the batter with my HTC wall adapater or plug it into my laptop to charge. I travel locally a lot and appreciate not having to be tethered to my car or wall charger to keep my phone charged. I have more than enough charges for various devices, it's nice that battery has USB or mini-port options built-in. I find myself connecting my phone to the charger in my purse and it charges while I'm on the go! I've used it on my iPad but I use it mostly with my phone. I have no complaints, just praises!


4749	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am pretty much satisfied, in general.
379	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	A nice battery for those of us who use GPS and Bluetooth for most of the day. I can get about a day's worth of juice out of it before it dies.
5402	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok for the little price of this product. Lasted for a month and then sides were broken..


2380	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second BlueTooth headset and it's without question the best of the two.  First of all, it's loud enough to hear while using it in the car, which wasn't always the case with my first Motorola.
6506	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I don't get as good reception as I had hoped for. I have better reception in the room where the inside box is, but very little difference in the back of the house. I had hoped to be able to do away with the land line, but that won't be possible now.

*The phone feels flimsy (I'll try not to drop it)

Ease of Use - The key to a Jabra headset is holding the multifunction button down until it flashes. This turns the headset on and off after pairing. You will hear reports of people winding up redialing the last number called when trying to turn the headset off. If you don't wait for the flash, this will happen. I've also heard this reported during pairing, but that shouldn't be the case because you start pairing with the headset turned off. Finally, the volume buttons are easy to use. I only use the headset on my right ear so I can't speak to what it is like when the headset is flipped over and the buttons are on top.
1379	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	There is nothing else to say. It just worked! Would recommend this and buy again. The shipping was fast too. I did have to call AT&T during activation and all was smooth.
Original review:

2633	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought the Card Systems Scala 700 headset a few months ago, and I have not regretted it one bit.  The headset has a lot of great features.
is better than a multilingual tome.
  -It houses games too - who knew.

2219	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I never could get this to work right no matter what I did.  It wasn't even worth my time or money to send it back.  I was excited to try this on my mom's phone but it was more of a waste of time than it was worth.
I have found wilson to be a quality brand that stands the test of time and recommend them to friends who live way out there.
Over the past few years we've also owned four different cars with factory systems built into the car. The most expensive car we own has a built-in system, yet -- despite the brand's reputation for Superb German Engineering -- the hands-free BT system is nearly unusable after the car hits 30 mph.  Too much noise, and you end up switching to the handset itself to make yourself heard.  My wife HATES it if I even call her using the BT/hands-free system in this car.
4776	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned this phone for a couple of years now. Bought it off the Nokia website before it was readily available here. This replaced a well used 6200. This phone is very nearly bullet proof! I have dropped it (repeatedly - though not on purpose) I am a believer in simplicity, no flips, no sliders, in-short not many moving parts. The E51 has great call quality, a very functional wifi feature and browser, and a very good music playback sound (when paired with a good bluetooth headset or even with the wired earphones that come with the phone. I don't use it much for data apps (because At&t's pricing)unless I have a wifi signal. As other reviews have mentioned, it does get fairly warm with extended use, but I usually have it in a holster and use a bluetooth earpiece, so it isn't a factor for me.
Needed to use a 18 feet mast to get excelent results



 I was very disappointed in this investment of >$300 and was not able to return it because the packaging had been discarded.
3212	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	There are a few spots around town where my calls get dropped when I use my cellular phone while driving in the car.  These areas are very small, only about 300 feet long.  And if I hold the phone outside the car when I drive through these areas, the calls don't drop.

7829	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	its a very good price. but you will find it does nothing.
9982	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The battery lasts longer than the standard one.  It works just fine, and having an extra battery around at all times is a necessity if you use any of the media applications on the Droid.
when connected to the headset, i.e enabling bluetooth increases
Complaints included:

2959	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It came fast and undamaged but its a terrible fit. Atleast for the Samsung Sliders and sony ericsson Walkman phones. Maybe it will fit your phone but did not fit mine.
  -Parental controls allows for programming who she can call/receive calls from, in addition to time limits, ect.


  It is small, attractive, sound quality is good, no complaints from others about being able to hear me, The charger works with my Verizon Droid, it is comfortable, it has an on/off switch (very handy for answering calls if you like to leave you headset off to save battery), The carrying case is nice and keeps it protected.
5439	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Was not the model advertised.

8571	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I got this bluetooth to allow my wife the freedom to speak while driving with our newborn. I thought it to be stylish and given the positive reviews I figured why not. Within two weeks of purchasing this product it stopped working. We continually tried charging and recharging, attempted to connect and reconnect the device to the mobile phone but to no avail. Sadly I threw away the packaging in haste and am stuck with this useless product that is now where it belongs, in the trash. Furthermore during the first week when the product worked, the reception was staticky at best.

3657	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Hey, it got me an extra bar at the deer blind....
8990	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had this product for 2 weeks now. I loved the packaging and the way the product is placed inside.
4717	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It should come with the whole system but either way I think this is the best (non burning) relaxer on the market today.
Although the volume controls on the device are small, one can become easily acquainted with the controls and can manage to turn the volume up or down with ease. One final plus for this device is the built-in power saving mode, which powers the ear piece down when there is no activity and an immediate response when a call is received. This allows battery conservation and less charging. I definitely recommend this device to those who must carry two phones and have to adhere to the "hands free" laws in their respective states.
2273	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well, great seller
this product comes with the extra laser pointer & the LED flashlight. I no
So I guess I recommend these for the price... if you're willing to modify them yourself... and if you can cut a clean, straight line. I'm just extremely annoyed that the people who produce this product couldn't figure this out and pre-cut it FOR me. Or, you know, create a screen protector that could handle a slight bump without creating a permanent air bubble. But, for the price, I guess you get what you pay for.

3824	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Husband loves it.
6521	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have found this booster to work very well while traveling across the lower 48 states, and locally here in Alaska. Traveling extensively this winter I found many areas where AT&T cell service was barely one bar. This booster takes that minimal signal and increases it to the point of being useful.
Mute function make this very useful for someone that spends a lot of time on the conference calls.
821	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time, packaged nice and neat.  Love the style and ease of use.  Haven't tried them out while riding my motorcycles, but so far I like what I see.
On with the review....
6978	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked Great
The musical part is well done (the mobile even comes with a pair of small loudspeakers which is a very nice idea in theory but nothing very practical in everyday use) and I can't help but appreciate the handy controls on the outside. This Nokia basically made my ipod a fashion accessory - why carry a mobile and an ipod if mobile offers most of ipod's functions?
3829	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this to accompany Dr. Who cell phone case for my 9 year old granddaughter.  There is no way to hang the charm on iphone 5. The light does not blink with every call or text. Only works appromimately 1/3 of the time. Would not recommend at all. Reason for not rating only 1 star,  it's cute when it actually works! Not worth the risk especially for the price and no way to hang a charm.

1934	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best headset for truckers. The back ground noise can not be heard from caller. The ear pices is just the right volume. the Mice takes some use to it. When you talk, you talk in a normal voice. and don't have to speak up to be heard. If you put the mice at your mouth, it will distort the sound. The best place just below your lower lip. The paring has to be done every time to turn the headset on. Will not automatic paring at turn on. Good thing its easy do to. The charge time is great and really holds the charge in stand-by and talk time. the only thing I don't like its heavy and sometimes the mice gets caught on the shoulder strap, when looking side to side.

1461	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Had this for over 2 years and worked like a charm.  Rugged, reliable, secure headset.  Got wet in the rain a few times and died, unfortunately.
We installed the wireless extender inside of the apartment next to a window facing the street.  This position is where we get the strongest signal (3/4 bars).  I placed the antenna horizontally as the instructions suggested.  I placed the wireless extender base unit about 15 feet away from the antenna with the base unit's antenna pointing up as the instructions suggested.  The signal is strong now and we can make calls from the bedroom and the interior bathroom.

The range, as mentioned in other reviews, isn't amazing, but was sufficient to move about an average-sized room and worked intermittently through a cinder block wall.
2328	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you are a media geek, this phone is a great value for a verizon customer. It has all the features verizon has, v cast, mp3 player etc, but at a good price. Also, its a solid phone, able to take a bump or two (razor and Krazors are not the greatest at that).  But, one thing that annoys the heck out of me are the worthless side buttons.  the left toggle button on my last 3 phones change ringtone from loud, soft, vibrate or silent, without having to go to the menu. This phone I have to go to the menu if I want to turn the ringer back on, and there is no option to change the sidebuttons, only the ones on the keypad. Also, the menus are not my favorite. It took me a couple of days to get use to pushing the CLR button to back out of menus. And they have so many menus, finding the feature i want to change is a bit of a pain.  Finally, this camera does not have a zoom feature for the still camera, although the video part does.  But, all in all, its decent.  Why waste money on anything else, unless you want to get the TV phone and pay for that service, which is I believe $25 a month, V cast/net on this phone and other vcast phone is $15.  Check this out, not bad.

3)  The earhook provided keeps breaking.  It has two tiny tabs that fit into slots on the neck of the earpiece (the part that holds the microphone that goes into your ear).  After about three weeks of use or less, one invariably breaks, which allows the headset to come loose of the earhook very easily.  Jabra sent me a new set free, no questions asked, but those broke too.
2598	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Plantronics ear piece is wonderful. It fits and stays in my ear without the optional ear stabilizer that is included. Caller's voices are very clear and I am told my voice is too clear. Charging is a snap, I have not used the pocket charger that runs on a battery, but it is a neat thing to have for traveling so you don't have to bring your plug in charger.
Overall, I have been pleased with the phone so far.  I tested the download speed when the phone is used as a modem and I got about 385kbps download speed and 56kbps upload speed.  When using the phone as a modem though, you will also use up your airtime.
3. A regular USB (computer) to micro-usb data cable
8766	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this on a whim. My dad's cell phone has a big crack in the screen so I figured I would upgrade him into something new. He's not a big gadget guy so there was no need for features like a camera or bluetooth or even a color screen for that matter.
-Better battery life than the N75
Last, the cradle itself leaves a lot to be desired. To fit it to your phone, you have to take out the sides and slide them back in, and they only have a few different configurations. I have an iPhone 6 with the Apple case, and either it was too small to fit my phone, or so loose that I thought it would fall out. Just bad design IMO.


Pros: ease of use, small/portable with a protective pouch (nice touch), works as advertised, and fairly inexpensive to what it actually IS able to do compared to similar products.
9067	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP52D iTorch external battery is a solidly constructed unit that has held up to several drops it has incurred. The weight feels good in the hand and screams quality.
4) Feels much better than theLG Electronics Tone+ HBS-730 when in contact with your skin
9907	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price. Item came in good shipment box. Will definitely do business with this vendor.
9641	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.
9434	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Returned - did not improve signal quality - Tried this in numerous locations around the house/attic/roof and even took it to the top of a nearby tree to no avail.
Quite frankly, for the applications I use I would have been just as happy with the supplied cable from Nintendo.
Died again. Will not pair, make, or answer a call. Motorola will not send a replacement until old one is received.  No free-shipping this time.
1715	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this phone, because I planned for it to be a temporary phone until I could purchase a replacement. I'm a currently still using this phone. I can't believe the great condition it was in & how it's still working great. Motorola you've done it again!

4875	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After owning multiple older Motorola models and a Plantronics (dumped that one in a day), this 710 is the "Best of the Bunch".  Folks that I speak with find it much easier to understand me, and the noise cancellation feature must work a bit, because regular road noise is no longer complained about.  Still, if a diesel truck is nearby, folks will hear it.  I wonder about the new 715?  Would like to give it a try too.  My son has a 710 also, and I do get some echo when speaking with him.  I am leery about trying the Jawbone, have heard too many fit issues.
- The 2 MP camera took mediocre pictures even in direct sunlight.  Also, E-mailing those pictures (when taken at full resolution) essentially disables your phone until the Email upload is complete.  The phone becomes unresponsive and all you see is the hourglass waiting icon, for several minutes per picture.
1396	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a good product.


9813	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great deal on these batteries. So far I have no issue with it. The ones I received are all good and work as expected. Much better deal than my neighborhood R.Shack store.
Recommended
7631	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this headset with high expectations.  I took my time.  I compared and contrasted.  I read all the reviews.  I thought I had made a great purchase.
1596	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The only real problem with this headset is how large it is.  I have small ears and it barely hooks around good enough. It can take me a minute to get the top part of the loop over my ear just right to get it to stay.  For normal size ears this should not a problem.  Other than that this thing actually works pretty well!  Even the other Plantronics and different headsets that I've tried (610, Jabar, nokia 810) will disconnect or crackle if you have the phone in a lower pocket on the opposite side but this one almost never does.  Just keep the phone on the same side as the headset and it should be good.  Despite what one person said, of course it comes with an AC charger.  That person should return theirs for another, properly packaged one with the charger.
For some reason, this one had tons of problems with background noise and essentially was unusable in the car.  So just now I called Plantronics and they offered to ship me a new one, no problem.  So even though the product is great the service is even better.  I was so shocked by the spectacular service even though the headset in question was well over a year old and sitting in a drawer.

I eventually bought a new one with adjustable gain, which has worked beautifully for almost 2 years now - the adjustable gain was critical in getting it to work for my situation (my antenna was picking up some echo/feedback caused by nearby trees & the wall of my neighbor's house, so the adjustable gain allowed me to get the maximum performance without having the feedback detector shut down the booster). I also recommend mounting the unit on a wall because the vertical placement will allow it to vent properly and remain much cooler than setting it on a flat surface.
1870	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this light as a replacement for a 70 watt High Pressure Sodium light.  While the light pattern does not throw quite as far as the old HPS light, the quality of the light is far superior.  It was a direct replacement for the original light so I didn't have to drill any new holes, wired in using the existing wire nuts and functioned the same (save for the lack of a warm up time for the LED light).  I'll save about 70% in powering this light, so it was a win all the way around.  If you need a good yard light, while the initial price is a bit high, this product should be given serious consideration.
4984	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	this is borderline trash. it works just enough, and just long enough to make you thing youve got a bargain. but then, you get sound from one earphone only. or none. depending on the velocity of a butterfly's wings in china. don't buy this unless you like to be disappointed.
5257	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	How could anyone can get this product any cheaper than this?  It fits great on my blackberry.  It is very good grip to it but not too hard to remove.  It is definitively perfect for businessmen.
2579	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	love music? want people to comment on your phone? into vcast? then this is the phone for you. the phone comes with 60 megs (more than most phones, according to the verizon sales staff) for music and whatever else you download, but you have to buy a microsd (amazons are pretty cheap) for up to 2 gigs storage. the music player is nice. very easy to use with customizable playlists, shuffle, and, my favorite, the ability to play mp3 (no need to convert to wma like most other music phones). the phone is flat out sexy. i got the white chocolate and its like wearing jewelry. the display is high resolution, making it easier to read web content. plus, videos look great. i have also downloaded sim city and it is easy to use the phone to play this particular game. cant comment on higher action games. voice commands are cool and work well. the phone also has speakerphone functionality now.

7070	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I can not in of itself review this product because it was the wrong cell phone battery for my unit, what I can say, is that this company customer service is outstanding, if I could rate them it would be more than five stars
210	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	waste of time and money. Light stays on but it is not charging my Samsung Galaxy Note3

7964	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've used a few of these for GPS' and ECU Tuners, and they work great! You can't find a slimmer mounting solution then this. It gives you the choice to use VHB tape to mount to your device and then either VHB or a vent mount to use on your vehicle. Gives you enough for two applications, in case you move the device to multiple vehicles. It's strong, I've never had the adhesive try to come off on it's own or shift (been about a year since my first use). I was able to remove one of them from my dashboard and it came up fine - at least no lasting residue or noticeable mark (use fish line to separate, then something like goo-gone to clean up). All in all for the price and quality you really can't beat it.


BOTTOM LINE:  You need 2 things to get your money's worth from this booster: 1- The ability to follow directions during set-up, including putting some thought into the unit placement, and 2- An existing cell signal somewhere withing 50ish feet.  If you have those, and you need a signal boost, this baby does the trick.

5982	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The iTorch is a handy size to carry in your pocket or kit with easy to understand charging and charge status lights.  When traveling, the LED light is handy for emergencies.  This is also a handy power supply for camping since it is small and light and can provide additional power for small electronic devices such as GPS and phones that might be needed in the wilderness with a small penalty in size and weight.
All in all, I find that I have service across the country without much trouble and I drive rather than fly. If you have T-mobile cell service, their t-zones for email and many other internet based services is only $5 and T-Zones w/WiFi service is only $20 (monthly), can't beat that. The full keyboard makes text messaging and keeping notes MUCH easier and more fun. It's not a full PDA, but it does everything I did with my PDA, and with the updated firmware you can edit your word and excel documents.
2583	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	thanka
N95 had a lot of bugs and very annoying lags in the camera when shooting (see my n95 review). Worst was a few seconds (literally) from the moment the shutter was pressed to the moment the picture was taken, processed and have the camera ready for the next one. An absolute no go... Slider is so flimsy on the N95 that I was really afraid the screen part is going to crack and dislocate.
It does have a beautiful display...big deal.
By the way I can't figure the person that complained about fit, I am 6'5" and a large guy, the ear loop fits me great!
It's a 1.3 megapixel camera, which is pretty weak by 2007/2008 standards.  There is also no flash.  The camera actually takes decent pics, though.  I never even consider the camera on the phone when I buy it, but if it's really important to you, you probably want at least a 2 megapixel one with a flash...so maybe pass the Centro on by.
2614	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have had this headset for a few years and it has been sitting in a box for about a year. Just pulled it out and paired it with my Droid X and it works fine. It was easy to pair and the sound is good. I have no problem with the comfort, since I only use it occasionally. Good inexpensive headset. I have owned 3 Plantronics headsets and I liked all of them. If I were buying a new headset I would probably get the 520.

- Good signal so far, drops fewer calls than my last phone
longer have to sit next to an outlet just to charge my phone. It is a very
3414	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Initially I forgot to update my Wii settings to output picture display from 480i to 480p. Although I had no issues with the cable, the image quality really did not improve. I use Wii Sport and Wii Fit. My TV is a Samsung 40inch 1080p.
General: Even with Verizon trying to wrestle the last quarter out of your pocket, it's a great phone. If you get one with the earlier software, you can get around Verizon by using the translash card and a card reader to transfer images and MP3's to and from your computer. I've heard that the later software removes some of that functionality. Which is why I am not flashing my phone.
- Multiple functions: light, laser pointer, external battery


814	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had a pair for a couple years now and love them. Grammy was so unhappy with the ear buds she had I surprised her with her own pair and she loves them just as much. Now I can talk to her without having to ask her to repeat herself a hundred times.
1. The pairing function has been removed from the answer/end button and given its own button

8082	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this speakerphone in my car now for over a month now on the ORIGINAL charge and its still going strong. I make and receive about 10-15 calls on it daily. The battery life on this thing is amazing! The sound quality is not bad either although the volume could be a little bit louder at its highest setting. I love the slim design and often forget its even clipped on my visor due to it being so thin. I purchased the Jabra SP5050 to replace the BlueAnt Supertooth II which broke after only a month.  Overall I'm very satisfied with this Jabra and would buy it again in a heartbeat. Highly recommended!
8123	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great, just as described.

It has a laser light and an LED light on it as well. Not sure what functionality these have in a battery pack, but hey, its an added plus. Never know when you might need it!
7557	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is what I needed, have a Galaxy S3 phone and never could find a carrier to use with my cover on it.  This works great, would buy from the seller again as the shipping was fast.  Thanks
1325	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I don't see what others have liked about this.  It doesn't add any value -- doesn't make the phone easier to carry or use, doesn't add significant protection, or do anything else.  I'd recommend getting a pouch with a slide-on clip, that holds the phone horizontally on your belt or waistband.


9609	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We were able to easily, and inexpensively, bring cell phone access into a building that had had serious issues with cell coverage. There were both interior and exterior concrete block walls, and coverage inside the building ranged from iffy to non-existent. The booster took very little time to setup and gave us good coverage for folks using both Verizon (CDMA) and AT&T (GSM).
I put them in a 1990s Casio hiking watch that has a compass, thermometer, and pressure sensor. Most off the time, they are all off. But for a month, I needed to check temps and pressure on a daily basis. I only used the compass (which uses the most power) one time (by accident). The temp and hygrometer both work at the same time. I am not sure if they read while on screen only or also off screen. The hygrometer senses only ever two hours. The temp constantly.
5703	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked fine and the price was right.
For families like mine that have lots of portable electronics and someone undoubtedly needs a charge and left their charger at home this is an almost must have and at the price it was a no brainer for me.
9984	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Here's the conundrum...


9048	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this because my husband I both have android smart phones and were trying to figure out how we would make it through a day at Walt Disney World. Well it has also helped us get through  little leauge baseball games and family gatherings. I get a lot of qustions on it when they see the cord from my phone going into my purse. You can get 4 charges out of it before you have to charge it again. I does take a while to recharge but if you do it while you sleep you'll never know. Great way to get you from one bar to almost charged anywhere. I recomend this product to alot of people!! If you have a smart phone you need this!!


4176	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have 3 motorola bluetooth headpieces and they are all garbage.  California law for 2008 requires drivers to use an earpiece.  I took one last leap of faith in the bluetooth technology, and bought this earpiece.  It got here quick, was a good deal, and it works twice as good as the motorola ones.  Battery life is amazing, and it looks sharper than any other ones as well.  I am a happy customer.
4136	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Lost this unit in a tree.  Six months later found it hanging from a limb and subjected to weather.  Charged it and it still worked....I love it
807	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The new V600 from Motorola finally arrived. It has all the functions of a typical power cell phone these days: built-in digital camera, color screens, and lots of bells & whistles. But I have to say its styling is more attractive than most of the plain-vanilla silver phones from Asian manufacturers. Also, it's solidly built and feels sturdy. Reception is great, although I'm still not thrilled with T-Mobile's coverage here in the Northeast.
4083	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The product is great, very handy, and priced very fair.  I use this all the time.

DON'T PUT IT IN YOUR POCKET WHEN THE HEADSET IS ON! I've made so many involuntary phone calls it's annoying.  I even turn it off, but most of the time when I sit down the pant pocket fabric pushes on the ON/OFF button and it's on.  I wish they would recess the ON/OFF buttons to avoid this!
5528	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this little mount is perfect for the iPhone 3g. I use it in my Mazda Protege5 and it has no issues with falling off my windshield. For the price, its spot on...get this if you want to have hands free ability and know that your phone is secure
8828	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Not happy at all with this purchase. I can barely get 40% on my phone or ipad with this thing charged completely. It's another piece of electronics for the junk drawer.
SE: 9/10 Shine: 9/10
307	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife got one, my Daughter got one, and now my Son and Son-in-law both got them.
4091	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The first one lasted for 1yr and was in good shape, but the whole clip snapped off at the swivel point.
Like an earlier reviewer said, it would be nice to be able to turn it off when not in use (to conserve the charge), but I charge it every night anyway.
Overall this is a very nice headset and definitely a bargain.
3466	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	For all those u have been having problems with the phone turning ON when in your pocket and who din know how to lock your keys that are outside...here is the solution... when u press the power button u get an option to lock keypad... select to lock the keypad and that way you don't have to worry about battery draining when in your pocket... i do accept the fact that the battery life on the N75 is not as great as any other Nokia phone... But I thot locking the phone in my pocket saves me a lot of battery... I charge my phone everyday :(... But overall it is an excellent phone...U don't get such a good phone being offered by any provider for FREE...
8893	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So far I have had a good experience with this product. It charges my Iphone 5 pretty quick which is awesome. I have a small glitch with my cable but that's the cable quality I guess and not the Torch. So far pretty satisfied.
- Style - I like the feel and build of the charger, very solid, even comes with a handy felt carrier to put the charger and cords in.
1864	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Hold heat smooth great quality
Tight for safe. But not at all too tight.
It's small and easy to carry.
Since I am always in airports, often for too many added hours, I appreciate this device more and more.  I am on flights a lot and I no longer worry about losing power after, well, virtually any amount time.  I have gotten literally days of juice off of this thing (40 hours or more).  It's truly amazing.

With a new home I was not in the mood to attach anything high up on the roof/window where the device might get a better signal to boost.  I also was not interested in drilling holes in my new home to hid  the wire...... so after limited increase in signal and satisfaction from my spouse I returned the device.
2266	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent cast for the Motorala phone that keeps is secure and safe. I particularly like the magnetic snap and the swivel at the case that can allow me to rotate the case either vertical or horizontal.

those are my only complaints other than that it works fantastic!
This things shaft is barely thicker then the male plug end that plugs into the phones headphone socket, so easily reaches thru the obnoxiously THICK phone cases outer wall! Problem solved, and works perfectly!

 Pouch could be a little larger to fit cables and device into it.
7773	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my IPhone 3G. Sounds good, and I haven't had any complaints from folks on the other end.  The battery check feature is great. Like others I wished they kept the old ac adapter so that I can use my old one from my H700.
Good camera for a phone.
I just hope they are not easily broken. Also, as a side note, I had some problem with switching between phones, but that might be the fault of one the phones (an older Nokia 6620).
7974	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Definitely a great hard case for the iPhone...fits snugly and also allows the phone to dock in the universal dock too!

Nothing major, and nothing to warrant the loss of a star, but the one thing I feel could have been better is a more clear indication of the charge level on the device. The LEDs don't fully match up with the writing and I mistakenly thought it was fully charged when it was only 3/4ths of the way.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Discovery-925-Bluetooth-Headset-Black/dp/B001630QZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Discovery 925 Bluetooth Headset - Black</a>


2122	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Out of all the ones I've tried so far this one is the most secure.
Will see how the Aliph works with the 4S when I update next year.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jabra-SP5050-Bt-Speakerphone/dp/B000XQGJUG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jabra SP5050 Bt Speakerphone</a>
Most of the pre-installed software runs like a charm and is intuitive to use. The main exception is the browser. Luckily you can download and run Opera Mini for free to get a nice mobile browsing experience.

2166	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just don't understand those that complain about this phone. Please try to comprehend that no phone would have everything that everyone would want.
7984	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am switching from a T-Mobile MDA. I just got this phone from amazon with a new 2 year plan from sprint. I got the phone for free as long as I pay my bills on time. I am a big fan of the palm OS. It is a bit old fashioned but very rugged and crisp. The display is small but sharp. I got the vision unlimited data plan, it is nice. It even works in my office building which is a giant old brick building. The palm desktop works on Mac OS X seamlessly. I do not use it for mp3 simply 'cause my iPod beats it in that arena. It fits right in my jeans' front pocket.

- the rubberized sides make it hold the BB tight
BIG thumbs up on performance!  Now, we'll just have to see how it holds up in the elements.
566	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I set my phone down on my computer desk for 10 minutes and I checked the Signal Strength on my Droid X and it read -87 dBm. After putting the Universal Cell Phone Antenna Booster on the inside of my batter cover I set my phone in the exact same spot for 10 minutes and It read -83 dBm (closer the number to zero the better the reception). So I guess it works a little bit. Check out the picture I posted of the signal strength before and after.
8041	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	In theory, this is a great device.
- Add a "wall plug" but have it as a foldable option. (There is an iPhone charger on Kickstarter which has this feature. It is a case with a built-in / fold-out wall plug. I think a Trent which could charge from a wall outlet, without a wired USB plug, would earn a 5/5 unanimously)
Also interesting that when I told them I had relieved the loop problem with a custom bent paper clip, they never asked to see it.  They don't seem interested in improving the feel of this product on the ear.

7656	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this bluetooth after using another model of Plantronics bluetooth to death. I liked it a lot but it was a little bulky so I went for a slimmer model this time; the Explorer 330. FORGET IT! It won't stay in my ear. It makes my ear so sore that I can hardly force myself to wear it (I have to have it for my job) and if I get four feet away from my cell, I get static. I'm VERY disappointed with this model and will be returning it.
9628	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What's to say?  They are batteries.  MUCH cheaper in this multi-pack than one at a time in the store.  So far they have all worked as needed.
4554	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	does the job what is for, no heating issues but the built is not super quality neither did i expect that. happy for the amount i paid. looks good too.



2949	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought one on a business trip, working a trade show with no power to the booth, only to to discover this device doesn't work.





The original spring clips that come with it, that connect the main assembly to the air vent, do not fit easily. I tried multiple methods and was unsuccessful. After calling Bracketron customer service, I was advised to try using the spring clip replacement, which is free and the request can be found on their website. With these spring clips, mounting to the air vent is a breeze and do offer secure assembly.

Such advice is best to purchase packs of 5, are cheaper than when you buy one, and if you have anything else you need to change, you will have replacement

3848	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to carry my dinosaur work issued flip phone, a Motorola.  Works perfectly.  Just the right size, it can expand to fit many phones, and not once has the phone fallen out while I'm working.  I'm a mechanic so I'm lying down alot!  The belt clip is sturdy, but not so stiff you can't get it on your belt, but it too doesn't come off the belt until you want it to.  Great little case.
The red laser feature is a good bonus for people who would use it and avoid having to carry around a separate laser pointer.  The flashlight is always useful, and not rare for portable batteries.
Even though there are bluetooth headphones out there, I like the BT3030 because you can use it with ANY headphone that can attach to a 3.5mm jack. In my case it's my hearing aid, but you can use your favorite set.
So, they work as they should, and they haven't died as quickly as the horrible Chinese junk.  Look elsewhere (at audiophile prices) if you crave audiophile headphones.  These are workman headphones.
1724	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	El motorola RAZR V3 lo compr bajo la condicin de ser nuevo en el mes de Enero. tres meses despues el celular simplemente dejo de funcionar. Lo llev a un tcnico y me inform que ese celular era reconstruido (ya lo sospechaba dado que el cargador mostraba signos de uso). Es una lastima que por vendedores inescrupulosos uno deje de confiar en el mercado online, sobre todo si vivimos fuera de los Estados Unidos.
270	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Battery does extend the life of my Samsung S5, but not by as much as I would have hoped.  Normal battery lasts about 5 hours, while this battery lasts about 7 hours with normal use.  Battery and case is very bulky and adds a lot more weight than one would imagine
I've purposely stress-tested it in some pretty noisy situations.  First of all, my own vehicle.  I have an older car, and it seems to pick up all of the outside noise there is, even with my windows up.  If it is raining, my callers could hear the rain on the windshield when using other headsets.  When a semi drove alongside my car, the noise of the big truck distracted my callers from our conversation.
The unit doesn't feel cheap, is moderately weighted according to appearance, and has a really nice smell to it.
1991	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I changed jobs, and the corporate standard is the Blackberry, so I had to give up my much-loved Treo 650. At least I was able to keep my number and swap the old SIM into the new phone.
7268	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	worked fine
Compact and capable of recharging my iPhone multiple times. I no longer have to search the airport for power outlets.


168	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	These don't fit the phone properly.  Total waste of money.  I do not recommend these at all.  Do not buy them.
9273	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The case I received is NOT as it was pictured on Amazon.  I purchase it ONLY because I wanted exactly what was pictured.  The case I received has an elastic band stiched into the leather side straps.  This will fail over time and the cell phone will fall out.  Don't waste your time and money ordering what is pictured.  That is not what you will receive.

9392	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My office has NO cell service unless I sit next to the door, with the door open. It's not the location of the building, it's the construction. I had an electrician run a wire from the external antenna through the roof to the office, and now I have 3 bars of service anywhere in my 15' X 20' office. It's less than the 4 bars that I get on the roof, but what a change!
Meanwhile I tried iphone 3G, Motorazr2 V9 and Sony ericsson W580i... but now back to this powerful Nokia.
from this source" message. I find that some cables produce this message (even if the device charges fine from those same cables when attached to a computer or power cube) and that other cables are fine. I can't say what the source of this incompatibility might be (something to do with the way USB cables are wired?) but it can be annoying.
*- *Sleek Design
Unless you *have* to have it, however, I recommend against buying this unit until early adopters report that its performance has improved to being minimally acceptable.  At the moment, it isn't!
4787	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i use this charger with Rechargable energizer 9V batteries that I also ordered off amazon and they've never failed me.  Had it for I think 2 years now.  I use the batteries in my paintball gun (which uses alot of power) and they last all day when fully charged the night before.  Very happy with this charger.
240	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good case good battery
When I enter an phone number in the address book, it doesn't put hyphens between the area code, prefix, and last four digits.  That's not fatal, but a pet peeve, and makes it difficult for me to figure out the numbers as they come up.

UPDATE: have had this for 2 years plus now (about) and it is still working great. So now it gets 5 stars instead of 4!
Synchs to both Windows and Mac computers.
power consumption.
the handsfree works pretty well with nokia 6270, loud and clear on both sides
1293	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Overall, this is a pretty good product. I've used it for a week. Battery life is great, Mic is exceptional, and the Max volume for me is pretty good as well even in my soft top convertible.
The charging cable is proprietary. One end is USB, and the other is proprietary. I wish it was micro-USB based on the proprietary end so that in the event I lose the charging cable, I could use my smartphone's cable.
6114	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This external battery for your mobile devices is great for having backup power when a wall outlet is not available.  Works great and quickly charged my iPhone 5 over three times.  I like the design of New Trent products and the flashlight feature is very handy.
This map is exactly what I needed. It came rolled up and in a box that was meant for shipping maps (or large pictures). It came in perfect condition, AND it came on time. It is the perfect size (and its visually pleasing), and it has the countries, states, and cities all laid out and printed. Even the cities that are not printed, you can get a rough estimate as to where they are because the map is actually accurate! I was able to locate everywhere that I have been to, and pinned them all to my wall. I am very pleased with this map. Hopefully they start making bigger ones so I can make a big travel map for the family to put in the basement!
9121	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great mobile charger for cell phones and portable devices like the first and second generation iPads.  Note that the output is 1A, so it isn't powerful enough to charge larger devices, like the third generation iPad or the Kindle Fire that require 2.1A for charging.
This is a far superior product to a Blackberry unless you need push. I do not, but I have heard push software can be downloaded.
5976	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this charger. Not too bulky to carry around in handbag. Great the have on outings especially for iPhones as they tend to run out of battery power really quickly with constant usage.
5997	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Charges up my Android phone as quickly as a wall charger, which is helpful when I'm not near a wall or in a car. It has four blue LEDs that indicate how much it has charged up. The flashlight thing seems a bit pointless, but I do like the power switch, to turn the outflow on or off.
3583	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my husband.  He absolutely loved it.  It will help prevent arguments when going on vacation.  You enter your destination and it tells you when to turn.  It even lists restaurants.  I am a terrible map reader. This is was an excellent purchase.
Pros:
1163	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Dish allows external USB HDs to be connected to all compatible units to expand allowable disk space. You can even use external USB drives with non-DVR Dish receivers to add DVR capabilities. My 750GB HD is full so I needed a solution for adding more and making it as painless as possible to change between them because the Dish receivers only recognize one external HD at a time when multiple HDs are connected. I added a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Western-Digital-My-Book-Essential-1-TB-USB-2-0-Desktop-External-Hard-Drive-WDH1U10000N/dp/B000VZCEUI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Western Digital My Book Essential 1 TB USB 2.0 Desktop External Hard Drive WDH1U10000N</a>&nbsp;and am using this hub along with a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/American-DJ-PC-100A-8-Channel-Power-Strip-with-Lighted-Toggles/dp/B0002GL50Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">American DJ PC-100A 8 Channel Power Strip with Lighted Toggles</a>&nbsp;to turn on the drive I am using and power down the one(s) I am not. This set up leaves me room to add more HDs in the future. Works great!
Overwall, I'm happy with the phone and it's very stylish & sexy looking.  I would recommend it to friends but watch out for things above.
Even though the features are minimal, you can tell much thought went into the design of these features. The USB outlets are on the same side and close to each other. The product itself has a nice curve and shape to it. The power button is small but prominent - i like how it sits flush with the product so that it doesn't accidentally get pressed, but its also easy to find and press if the device is in a bag or in the dark.
Overall, I can't really complain for the price.



The quality of the entire package is top notch and feels like it will last longer than the warranty.
Comfortable


6985	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love that i don't have to go out to find it...and that  i get it in the mail  love it.
8848	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a very convenient yet a powerful battery pack you can get, while traveling abroad to Israel and France, I was able not only to recharge my iphone but my wife's. I travel a lot from work and always need to recharge my iphone, this battery pack due to its size fit perfectly on my briefcase and many times have I used the laser pointer with very much success!!.. Many people from the office in many places on the country had asked where did I get it and they have gotten this awesome gadget.
7098	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is the 3rd "OEM" battery I bought via Amazon Marketplace -- as with the others, it was terrible. I ordered form the OEM shop a BR50. They sent a BR56 which is supposed to be even better with 3 hours talk time. It did not last 30 minutes after a complete overnight charge. Nowhere as long as the battery I am trying to replace which lasts over an hour instead of the original 2 1/2 hours.


Wireless Provider:  H20 Wireless [the store was named Page Plus]

it works good with a couple of drawbacks.
in my test installation, I just kind of toss the antenna onto the roof. So it was facing more up than towards any cell tower. When the correct cable through an open doorway, plugged everything in, and viola: 3 bars instead of 0 or 1. Fantastic call clarity.

On the other hand, the k850i does have a few built-in applications that are notably absent from the N95: A flashlight application (uses the LED autofocus beam), mouse/keyboard emulation to control your bluetooth-enabled computer (e.g. for presentation), and a stopwatch/timer app.
589	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this otterbox to hold my valuables at the pool this summer.  It is the perfect size for what I need and it is completely waterproof and crush proof.  I put some paper inside of it and held it under water and it was dry as a bone.  Then I had my 100 pound son stand on it and then me at nearly 200 pounds and it did not crack.
8170	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This battery holds a charge as good or better than the original, up to three full days without putting it back in the charging stand.
2438	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great item. Shipped exactly as described. Works great! I have a Blackberry 7100i and it works great.  It does work with d/c but of course you need to hold the button on the phone. I had a little problem with the fit on my ear, but I seem to have gotten the hang of it. I only use it when driving or walking around so it's good for my use.
8947	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought the iTorch to charge my iPhone while on the Appalachian Trail. I tested it 6+ times to ensure the weight was worth carrying since weight is a premium when you are carrying everything on your back. I have gotten 2+ charges to 95-100% so well worth the weight since it can be a 5-10 days between places to charge on AT. The unit is easy to use, the blue lights keep you informed of the charge available and the red LED light is an added bonus.  I am very pleased with the quality!  I did contact New Trent with a question and they were very quick to respond and were most helpful.  If you need a lightweight battery charge, the iTorch is an excellent choice.
3110	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	You can use this product to cut a high quality screen protector for anything with a touchscreen. That's awesome. Keep in mind that you have to cut and apply the screen protector yourself. It took me a few applications before I got good at it. Some air bubbles are normal, they dissipate after a few days. Lots of air bubbles means you are doing it wrong. Practice makes perfect.  You get 10 screen protectors for about $10.00 (or whatever they are selling it for) and the sheets they give you are pretty large. I think this is product is a very good value.
Battery life: 2-3 days per charge with bluetooth on and about an hour of use, rest on standby and fiddling around with the screen at full brightness. I think that is reasonable based on the previous phones I have had.
9304	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this case based on other reviews that will now confirm that this case is a PERFECT FIT and CHEAP holder for my iphone 4. Don't be afraid to buy this case for the iphone 4 with the Mophie Air Juice Pack. It won't dissappoint. It may be a little big with the juice pack, so if you don't have that look at other options. But for $2.50!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?????
The phone came with a charger and nothing else. I had to buy adapters to connect to USB (to charge, and to transfer data), and to use standard 2.5mm (1/8") stereo headphones. You will probably want to buy a lot of accessories to make the phone practical. They would be cheap except there is high postage, and no one seller has them all.


4932	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This thing did not work at all. Don't waste your money. It was a cheap piece of crap. Buy somewhere else.


Overall, I give this product a 5/5 rating.  It works GREAT, holds lots of energy for charging, charges very fast and is very well constructed.
3304	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Needed an unlocked phone for travel in Europe and this fit the bill as At&T would not unlock my iphone at the time.  good sound quality well built.  it is the international version. worth the price and saved me hundreds in cell costs.
...Bluetooth, Podcasting, FM radio, currency/measurement converter, world clock, photo editor, video editor, NGage games
2766	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked for a year, then didn't  hold a charde
4673	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to hold my Nexus 5 and to leave some room with the case. Worked like a charm. It's nice and study, definitely good quality.

1259	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	IMHO this is slightly better than the Moto H700.  It's larger, and a bit heavier.  The boom is larger.  But if that's not an issue, then both are equal IMHO.  Both have the cheek problem!
3826	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fun little charm to have for your phone, It lights up pretty bright in the dark.
-One program I added for instance is basically Google Earth--in my pocket!  And with memory cards in the gigabytes, I can add any and as much functionality as I care to have--plus store all my rediculous photos and other nonsense without worrying about running out of space.
1364	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Product was exactly what I needed.  Excellent
9107	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was really, really frustrated with my phone and Bluetooth earpieces dying on me with no access to a power source. Found the iTorch and it has saved me! Pros: it's very lightweight and fits in the palm of my hand. The charger cord is a retractable so I can stick it in my purse and it doesn't get wrapped around or start dragging. The cool thing about the cord is that you use it recharge the iTorch and then flip it and use the same cord to charge the phone/Bluetooth. It can charge a cell phone and a Bluetooth completely with one charge. Cons: it comes with 2 charger tips, which are about 1" x " and can easily be lost. It would be cool if there were a little storage drawer at the bottom of the device for the tips. It has a superfluous laser pointer, which I have not found a use for. Also, you can't just plug it in and assume your phone is charging - you have to click the button to start the charge. Strike that - you have to click AND HOLD the button to start the charge. If you just click it, the laser pointer will turn on, not the charger, and your co-workers will freak out because they don't know where that red light is coming from. Bottom line: Love it, love it, love it. It's small, easy to use (once you get that click-and-hold habit), and does its job. Highly recommended!
7450	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent customer service. I had a problem and I contacted them and they resolved the problem immediately.
3590	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my third GPS purchase and by far the best value of them all.  It quickly acquires satellites and does the navigation work consistently.  I like the compact packaging and the way it mounts on the windshield.  It also is smart enough to tell when it is night time and reverses the display colors so the light doesn't overwhelm you.
3479	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Loving the Boxwave Colorsplash  case great for my watching youtube ,videos and etc going to buy somemore
1152	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I shopped around for a few weeks before buying this USB hub. I chose it because of how many devices it supported and how little desk space it would take up.


- The SureType technology was nice for sending messages.
8551	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	does what it says. i had an iGo charger from YEARS ago and recently got a newer smartphone which required microSD. works perfectly to charge my HTC One X- which has abysmal battery life. this charger gives me peace of mind.
The cable I received is close to six feet long (have not measured).  Some cables are "extra long" at eight feet.  I prefer a shorter cable so I don't have to coil it up, because that can cause video distortion problems.
I has been perfect for the use.
Most recent Headsets I've used:
3419	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love!

4111	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product fits my BB Curve 8320 perfectly. But it attracts a lot of dust. I think the gray colored skin should be perfect.
Another downside is the difficulty in accessing the power button. With my older Motorola headset, I could simply press the easy access power button, place the headset on and the headset will connect the call immediately. With Plantronics, you must power the headset first (using both hands) then place the headset on your ear, again needing two hands.
* Doesn't record video
Here's what you get: 1) the unit pictured into which a phone fits.  It's adjustable so it can be made wider if necessary by removing the side brackets and reinserting them in a different slot.  They also slide up or down.  My iPhone 5 with bulky case fits in it fine, as does the much smaller jetpack.  A 6 would fit in it too.
3393	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Thought itd be worthwhile to upgrade cables, but I don't see a difference. Not a positive one anyways. I have this hooked into a nice 47" 120hz Vizio and I see no better screen than I got from the standard cables with the Wii set to widescreen. The Wii isn't capable of better than 480, so don't expect miracles.
I wouldn't use this for a modern cell phone (personally) as there are usually better belt clip options that go along with protective cases. However, for a simple belt clip for just about anything else - not a bad choice.
5651	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	does what it says. i had an iGo charger from YEARS ago and recently got a newer smartphone which required microSD. works perfectly to charge my HTC One X- which has abysmal battery life. this charger gives me peace of mind.
8578	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a must for these phones. Executive and professional look. It's a great buy, great price, Blackberry OEM. Recommended.


Installed, worked great and have three backups
One issue, the volume always starts at max and then you have dial it down. It's not a big deal at first but I can see it getting slightly annoying after awhile.
8854	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I really wanted this to work but it never charged my phone for more than 2 minutes. Don't buy it.
With the booster installed:Ping 108, download 232, upload 325 kbps This is using the app speedtest.net and this is me 20 feet away from the desktop Wilson antenna! Great product, can't wait to install on my roof and see the results! Some other comments, I have no heat on the connections at the booster amplifier that other people have reported. Also some people have said that the booster will not increase signal. For me that was not true, because I did receive 41% standing at my front windows and a very noticeable improvement signal of 65% at the front of the desktop antenna. Wilson also has a panel antenna that you can replace the desktop antenna for improved and wider signal in house reception and other types of antennas to replace the cradle antenna. So far I don't think I will need any of these, but its nice to know this is a product that you can use additional addons to support different situations. Glad I made this purchase!
3782	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed in my RV... created a little shelf right above our stereo and then hardwired this in.  Add a couple of USB cables for charging the phones and Walkie talkies... good to go!  Mounting hardware it came with was a lot of help and good quality.
The only complaing is that the buttons are a bit hard to press.  When I push the main button the ear tip gets pushed into my ear which is not very pleasant.



3467	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Pro:
The battery is not worth returning, so I'll just scrap it, and not buy any more batteries from Amazon or its affiliates.
6025	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great compact size for easy travel. The unit can be charged while charging a device. A feature that I could not do on the larger capacity New Trent 120T. The unit is near perfect, the only annoyance I have with the unit is the power button. The unit has one button with 3 settings. Tap to turn on the laser, hold the button for USB charging and longer hold for LED flashlight. The button is so easy to push I have opened up my bag to find the laser pointer on. The laser pointer probably does not use that much energy but I do find it annoying that its draining my power reserves. The unit does come with a travel bag which helps keep the button from being tapped on accident but it does happen from time to time.
small keyboard

3)  I've read other reviews that said the phone seemed "flimsy", but I do not experience this. It could be because this phone is made mostly of plastic compared to other metal phones.
The Motorola H700 and H710 were for me the answer to nearly every grievance I have with bluetooth headsets. You unfold the microphone boom to power it on (and automatically answer any incoming call); fold it back to power off. Simple, elegant. No confusion about whether or not the headset is already powered on or off when an incoming call arrives (I.e. no "Do I need to hold the power button down for a while to power it on, or a simple tap to just answer?" quandries). The power-on-and-connect is also one of the fastest I have seen on any headset (about the same as my old H300, and way faster than either the Jawbone or the 510). Sound quality is exceptional in either - though maybe more so with the H710 (better noise reduction, and, like the Jawbone, it adjusts your ear volume automatically to accommodate for background noise). Since you would normally keep these turned off, as opposed to leaving them on standby, a single charge will normally last you for weeks and weeks (depending on usage of course). Another plus is that they use industry standard charging connectors (mini-USB and micro-USB, respectively), so you can easily share wall/car/computer chargers with other peripherals. Finally, they are an easy fit - no one should have issues getting them on in a hurry (though for me, I actually preferred the "firm" fit of the Jawbone...).
  - works great - just had to download free Samsung PC Studio 3 software from Samsung site
In addition to the good looks and size the IMP52D charges quickly with a wall charger and does a great job extending the battery in my iPhone. I am in the first duty cycle and finding the IMP52D adds about 1% charge to my iPhone per minute. As expected the IMP52D takes additional time to charge my iPad, but with the extra amperage draw needed to charge the iPad the extra time is not unreasonable.
About the only thing not positive I can say is the cable doesn't have the Palm logo on it. But the illustrations in the Palm documentation show a cable that looks exactly like this one. And I paid the same or less as a knock-off cable. So five stars.
4568	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The screen protector did not fit the 3GS screen. The cutouts were in the wrong place so I had to choose to either partially cover the speaker or the home button.
This is a good case. Performing exactly as it should.  It has already saved my phone from a screen face down fall.

Griffin were great about replacing the first one even though it was just out of warranty but the new one broke within a month. I threw it in the trash and didn't bother replacing. 5 stars for customer service, 1 star for product design.

2844	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Zune-Gear-Bag/dp/B000IXNEI4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Zune Gear Bag</a>&nbsp;This is a great gear bag there is a place for everthing. It doesn't matter if you have a Zune it would work on just about any MP3 player. I have a Zune 120 and even in its leather kick case it still fits in the gear bag. All the adaptors fit & there's a partition between the player & the adaptors so they won't scatch your player. I highly recommend it. I've already purchased 5 and plan to purchase 3 more! Happy shopping.
2936	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good service and quality.
1725	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed a cheap but decent quad-band GSM phone for travel.  This is has worked very well for me travelling in the Czech Republic.  I just bought a Vodophone SIM card for around $10 USD when I arrived (the full amount was credited for phone usage) popped it in and it worked great.  The thin size is kind of nice and the text messaging is adequate.
7981	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	A word about Sprint: They used to be the best, and they are now the worst. The absolute worst.
I recommend this headset, and Amazon has the most competitive pricing available. Easily beating even the discount superstores where I'd seen this for 50% more.
8888	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It worked great for 2 days, then completely died. Won't charge or turn on at all.  I never dropped it or abused in any way, it was hardly used.  Poor quality.  Do not buy this.
8080	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I didn't have the highest of hopes for the Jabra SP5050 -- especially at its' price point -- but I needed something small that I could use in rental cars AND I didn't want to sacrifice quality. What's the point of hands-free if, when you're at speed, there's too much noise in the system for the other party to hear you and you have to resort to using the handset?
5422	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this "skin" for my BlackBerry because it was such a great deal and I thought it would help keep the phone in better condition; unfortunately, this "skin" didn't fit my version of the BlackBerry (8100). So, I am kind of bummed. But, I will say that it came in the mail in a timely manner and was packaged nicely.  Thank you.
9051	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this item for a trip to Peru.  I used this to charge my phone while on the plane, and in airport and while in Peru and not near power.  It work great.  you won't get more then a few charges out of it though.  If you need that many extra charges away from a power supply it might be better to look at a backup that uses AA batteries and cary a lot of them with you.
9730	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As expected!

5481	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fits nice and snuggly. feels rubbery and smooth (weird description but it does). it fits so well I've never tried taking it off...so I dunno if that'll be a problem



All in, this is the best BlackBerry I've ever owned. Highly recommended.
-*Can't use own music (on SD card) as ringtones,
Sadly, the 6263 turned out to be a major downgrade.  The voice quality is absolutely awful.  After 20 minutes of talking, I actually had an earache thanks to the shrill, harsh audio.  I immediately took the SIM card out of the 6263 and put it back into my 6101, and sure enough, the 6101 was like using a landline phone -- the sound quality was perfect. Just to be sure, I put the SIM back in the 6263 and tried again, and sure enough, the sound was positively miserable.
But this Jabra device is a breeze to setup and use. I can change tracks using the buttons on the device and this device does everything that the manufacturers claim...
2123	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice for most Razr's -- but beware, the new Razr v3xx is taller than the others, so this case is not big enough.


------------------------------------------

598	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The last year or so we have all seen an explosion of nice color phones in the market.  Most of their functionalities are the similar while some have the extra bonus bells and whistles while really sells the product.  Like many others, I was attracted to this phone because of the nice styling, the size, and the camera.  I have previously owned a Samsung S105, which was a nice phone as well so it was easy for me to learn this phone since many menu functions were similar.
5015	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
Incredibly easy to use.

10. Larger then competitors but very light.


6616	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	At first this product did nothing. I installed it several places.  I was just ready to put in box to return and decided I wanted to give it one more chance. I told it out loud, "work or dump, you decide." Normally I don't talk to products but this time I really needed this product to work. I hooked  it up and it finally did it's job. I was thrilled.
2941	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have two of these chargers and have bought a few others for colleagues and we've all been rather impressed with them.  They're reasonably well-built and work.  I didn't have any of the quality control issues that one reviewer had with the battery terminals.  I normally use Sanyo Eneloop rechargeable AA batteries with mine and haven't had a problem with connections.  I use it to charge my PDA, personal Motorola Razr phone, and corporate Blackberry. (Thank you God for whoever decided to finally standardize some devices with the mini-USB connector!)  It does seem to take about 1-2 hrs to charge up the devices, which is as long as it normally takes when they're connected to their native chargers.
8 months after purchase the phone would automatically reboot itself everytime the internet was accessed. What a waste.
4401	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this item after i forgot to add it to my unlocked phone purchase and it was a waste because you cannot use this sim without giving your credit card, which means that even if you only want incoming calls you still need to register. The plan and pricing are not clear.
I don't feel that it hinders the brightness/colors of the phone much at all... However, in intense sunlight it can be hard to read the screen do to glaring.
5235	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice small size organizer that I keep on a corner table by my couch.  I keep a bluetooth headset, a Z-wave minimote, and a few chargers on it for when I want to charge my phone while watching tv.  It's great to have to keep little gadgets organized in a small space.  This organizer does not come with a charger, so I used an Anker 5 port USB desk charger which fits perfectly in the back compartment.  Fitting the different USB cables through the four holes was a bit of a challenge and some of the items I put onto this organizer will only fit in it awkwardly, and the leather material feels a little cheap, but it's good for the price, this is a great electronic organizer.
 -I can hear my callers exceptionally well, very clear.
Cons:

YMMV but if you're starting with this gadget and install it correctly you will have the charging options you need.
3166	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very cheap and easy way to hang your phone. Works as expected but the mangent could be a little stronger
4438	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this from Accessory One. My RAZR V3C says it's an invalid battery, and displays the "<B" symbol. The phone will not function with it. The original battery still works, so it's not the phone. The old battery just won't provide much talk time any more.
It was expensive and it did work but only if you were standing right next to the booster.  I put the antenna up above my roof a good 15' and aimed it in all directions.  No good.  Raised the signal only one bar.  Returned the item and had to buy a new cell phone using Verizon towers, which worked and cost a lot less that this booster.  In my opinion, don't buy it.

-Keyboard smaller, tougher to type than the BB

I think I'll give up on bluetooth. And I'll certainly have nomo Moto!
5841	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Item received on time as promised, functions properly except it did not sync with my Pilates studio equipment, but I am using it in the gym and it work perfectly.
7217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for my husband he was so used to his old flip phone and didn't want the new technology. And is great for him.
I have a friend that bought the same item for 30.00 at the retail store and she likes mine better.  U can't beat the price!!!
3780	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Road warriors with a lot of gear need one of these. Not only can you plug this into your car's aux electrical outlet.

6261	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I honestly don/t know where to start so let's go with....amazing, convenient and does everything it says and more. I have had my Iphone 3GS since December of 2009 when I received it as a X-mas gift and it is the best phone I have ever used. Now the one drawback to having an Iphone is since there is "an App for everything"...there is also another reason for my battery to drain. I have a case...check....I have my friends wherever I go...check.....now where is that wall socket....wait I am at a concert...5 percent battery..yikes....well after searching through many products and solutions I received a newsletter about deals online and came across this item from New Trent. I charged my phone fully 4 times....even though their description says only three I somehow managed four. Also, experts say you should not leave your phone plugged in over night because it can hurt your battery since leaving it in all night keeps charging way after it is fully charged. I did not know this but this device actually shuts off when your device is full. So if I am to lazy to get up to find a wall socket across the house or I am on a airplane ride or even just at a family function I will always know New Trent has my back.

*Same old Motorola interface (not bad, just not great)
7784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my first headset so I don't have anything to compare it with, but rather I will just state my experience with it.

3717	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These units work great.  The USB chargers put out plenty of power to charge 2 devices. They are very efficient drawing only 14 mA of standby current when idle.  I hard wired 2 them in the auxiliary power system of a Sienna van camper conversion.

3491	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After all the different BT headsets I have tried, I found that Motorola and Sony Erricson had the best as far as holding a connection without the crackling when my arm or body got between my phone and the headset. To me, that means the most, along with the ability of the headset to stay on my odd-shaped ear.

5560	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great working radio.
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.

This charger also has the features of a red laser pointer, which is great for presentations and an LED light which always comes in handy.  I do however, wish that there were separate buttons or switches for these lights and that It would be not shared with the button to turn on the charger for actual charging.  The holding down of the button to go through the different features can get a bit annoying when I am just trying to charge my phone.
phone unlocked and was able to put my T-Mobile sim card and started using

I did immediately email Schiit regarding the coax issue even though I have no use for it (I input by USB and would most likely use the Toslink in other instances).  I even included a picture so they could see it.  They assured me it wouldn't impact its use if I ever needed it.  Naturally, I saved that e-mail.
Update: I had a chance to hear my wife using the headset finally and I'm very impressed - I think this headset is a keeper. There's virtually no background noise. I couldn't even tell that she was driving in the car. Absolutely amazing background noise cancellation.
No phone I tried it with yielded acceptable noise canceling. If anything it picked up far more background noise than any other headset I've tried, and absolutely did not warrant itself as an upgrade or superior choice over the far cheaper Voyager 510. The Voyager 510 is just as comfortable, sounds far better on both ends of the conversation, and picks up much less background noise than the VMX100.
2631	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this for about a week. It replaced a Nokia 6682 Smartphone that I'd had for about 6 months.  Overall, I think this a nice phone with a great tiny camera.


2869	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Amazing device! I use it with the Modi and Sennheiser HD 558
6825	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfectly and a great value.

5807	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works
- Excellent pictures.
2428	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Expected a small earphone based on reviews but was still surprised at it's tiny size when first looking at it up close.
7288	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
268	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Item exactly as described.  I've only had it for a day.  After installing the battery, I charged it to full capacity.  It is now sitting on my table.  It's been there for well over 5 hours and still has 93% charge remaining.  This is great, but I purchased it so that I can use it on a GranFondo bike ride.  The event will last over 7 hours.  Time will tell if this battery lives up to its claims.  I'll try to follow-up and give my opinions after the ride.
4601	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My friend adored these.


6878	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Batteries are fine  I was testing them on a 3 volt setting instead of 1.5v
So far, I'm really pleased with the purchase. I realized after I bought it that for a little more money I could have gotten one that charges my iPad too, so if you have an iPad you might want to check that out. But seriously, anyone with an iPhone (which I LOVE), knows the batteries aren't great (especially if your phone has a little age on it), so this is something you probably need. I think it's really great. Highly recommended!
In summary, this is one brilliant product that's packed with value.
7851	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the quality was great. they were exactly as described!
Keys/Physical Feel - It fits nicely in the hand and is quite small.  I'm not that happy with the keys. The joystick seems to be overly sensitive, and I have trouble hitting the right keys while text messaging.
7577	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this for my boyfriend... The case fit his phone well but the clip started to pull away from case in 2 weeks
8807	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this battery for mobile use. I have been using it to keep my iPhone charged while riding my road bike with Google maps, a bike riding program and Pandora running.
The mic isn't that great though... I drive a fairly small and fairly quiet car (2-door '07 Civic) and I still struggle sometimes when speaking over it, if you speak loudly it's fine for brief calls but for any call that's gonna take more than 5 min. I just pick up my phone... Or I put it on speaker so I can slip the phone into my shirt pocket and use it's microphone, the EVO's speaker is loud enough.
8202	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product that does what it needs to do. charges my ipod perfectly with no problems at all. totally recommend.



9918	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery works very well. I have not had any problem since I received it.
3261	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really like this holster. It is kind of hard to push the buttons, but I manage. I think making the buttons easier to get to would be about the only thing that could be improved upon
1972	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described and works great.  Purchased to replace the battery in my electric start lawn mower.  Does exactly what I need it to do!
It does not come with a belt holster (1st Moto phone without one)

2378	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	After putting my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Voyager-510-Bluetooth-Headset-with-Multipoint-Technology/dp/B0009B0IX4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset with Multipoint Technology</a>&nbsp;through our washing machine, I thought I'd purchase a cheap $20 replacement.  The Plantronics Voyager 510 was a little large but I was always satisfied with the voice quality and fit on my ear.  The Samsung WEP200 does not compare in function to the Voyager 510.  I never could get it to attach to my ear and stay there.  Nor was the sound quality very good.  Overall, Samsung makes great LCD TVs and decent printers.  This device, like their Blu-Ray players, is lacking in function and performance.  I returned it to Amazon for a refund and will buy another Voyager 510.
9141	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I originally bought this charger for&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Apple-iPod-touch-32-GB-3rd-Generation-OLD-MODEL/dp/B002M3SOC4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Apple iPod touch 32 GB (3rd Generation) OLD MODEL</a>&nbsp;and it worked perfectly.  It could recharge my iPod at least 3 times (from 0% to 99%) before I needed to recharge the Trent External battery (maybe more).  Then, I got a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Apple-iPod-touch-32GB-4th-Generation-Black-Current-Version/dp/B001FA1O18/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Apple iPod touch 32GB (4th Generation) - Black - Current Version</a>&nbsp;and the Trent external battery charged that one just as well as my last iPod.
Another problem I have with this is you can clearly see that this holster was designed for the phone cradle function.  The case is so thick that the phone cant detect the magnet on the holster.

5947	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The IMP52D (iTorch) is a very sleek cool looking back-up power source for my iPhone. It is about the size of a swooshed Twinkie, perfect to grab and go. I needed to purchase a short USB lightning cable to use it, but it was inexpensive and makes this a great backup power source. I loan it to others in need almost as often as I use it. It is a great design with a great feel. I have a cigarette lighter charger from an old phone that I sometimes use to recharge my iTorch when I am in my car. It charges fast and can boost my phone to 100% even when it is dead, and it still has some juice to spare. I rarely use the flashlight or laser pointer, but they are cool little features that could come in handy. Great price well made, very cool external charger. The only thing that could make it cooler would be some kind of retractable lightning cable for charging an iPhone or Droid. The AmazonBasics 4" cable is the perfect complement, but I wish Trent devices came with short cables for charging.
7513	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Size wise, this case/pouch is perfect for the Galaxy Note 2 even with a Fosmon Dura TPU case on the phone.  The case/pouch with the phone in it, fits comfortably in pants pockets.  Also, the thickness of this case/pouch will allow for even a little bulkier TPU case such as those with a built in kick stand.  This case/pouch provides the extra protection needed from drops etc., needed when mobile.  UPDATE I am adding to this review (no change in rating).  If the back metal clip is not desired (some may and some may not like the metal clip), the metal clip can be easily but permanently removed by cutting the threads that attach it to the back band (I used a single edge razor blade to do this and it left no marring or holes in the fabric of the case/pouch).  This results in the case/pouch being slimmer, more easier to handle and lay down and more comfortable when placed in the pants pocket.  By just removing the metal clip and the fabric it is attached to (the D ring will be removed to), but leaving the back fabric band alone, the case/pouch can still be worn horizontal on a belt if so desired (belt looped through the back fabric band).
6459	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this phone has everything. the only problem I have is that it's just too bulky
I have found all ear pieces to be somewhat uncomfortable for prolonged use.  This USB earpiece works better than the blue tooth that I had --- the reception is clear and very loud (much better than the cell phone itself of the previous blue tooth) on the other end, the people that I've called said it was loud and clear.
Laser pointer on/off: one press of the power button
1118	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the 3rd one I have purchased, these hubs are unreal.  I have 3 external WD 1.5 TB hard drives hooked up, my cell phone, an ipad, a bose mini speaker and a keyboard. Hooked up to a Sony VIO laptop, and everything works without any lag time.  I also have one hooked up to my server with 7 external hard drives, also no lag time.  Very, Very Impressive.  Highly Recommend!!!
Pros:
On a side note, the battery, under constant daily use, should last you approximately 500 charges, or 1.5 years avg.  This is typical for any and all bluetooth headsets. At a cost of less than $20, that means this unit will cost you barely $1 per month, as opposed to $10-15 per month for some of the designer headsets!

3732	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	With lots of mislabeled Chinese knock-offs floating around, I am glad to say that this product works exactly as advertised. Amperages on the USB ports appear to be properly labeled, and the included cable is very long. The plug fits correctly into an automobile 12V port, which is a problem with some other models.
A big challenge is that the two larger pieces (interior antenna and booster) have to face the same direction and you only have the length of the cable to work with. They also can't be too close together. Then you have to figure out which window to use, so it can be tricky. I finally learned (after a call to tech support) that the booster and the antenna should really be at very similar heights; I had the antenna in a window and the booster on top of a tall bookshelf before discovering that it was much better if I moved the booster from the top of the shelf down to the middle shelf. Also, a clear line of sight between the two components is ideal.

WIll never buy and recommend this product.
These Motorola H7XX series seem to have about a 10-16 month lifespan.  And still I love them.  I have used the Motorola warranty right before the 1 year limit and have received either a refurbished or a brand new one which again last about another year or so.  So with that I will drop my overall rating to a 4 STAR.
Pros:


Most recent Headsets I've used:
1054	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great measurement tool.
3060	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a pretty handy and ultra-portable device. The scanner itself is really great. If I could rate the included NEAT software separately, I'd give it only two stars. It's pretty clunky and has some very glaring bugs. But overall I'm still using it and happy I bought it.
6946	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Muy buen producto y entrega a tiempo , lo recomiendo , calidad y servicio , very good, excelente . .

6949	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I can say that it's good, worth to purchase it! The package includes a car charger and case for W580i, and the price is cheap. It charges well, just like the original charger. My wife is very satisfy with the fast delivery as well. Thanks
2) Protect my cellphone screen
Conclusion:
5274	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased on 03rd Sept 2014. written review on 05th Apr 2015
so far so good. great size... and love the flashlight / laser light feature!
CONS: NONE
The quality for the price is exceptional. It also comes with a desktop charging dock and a travel charging case.
2704	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was expecting something pretty good for the price but I think I got something better. It fits my Evo 4G really snugged and the inner fabric that protect the glass is not cheap quality at all. So far... worth every penny.


Overall, this is a good phone, if you have small fingers. The size of the keys and the layout make the phone a complete pain to use. Other than that, its a decent phone.
Oh by the way, the phone uses battery power at a much faster rate

I like the quality of the sticky pad and the large size makes it a place to place multiple items.
140	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, Arrived on time, item as described.
4499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you want an excellent bluetooth headset for calls this one is terrific. After trying one for my wife I went and bought 4 more for myself and 3 kids. What I love is that it is hard to tell that you are on a bluetooth headset. I have asked everyone I call how it sounds and usually they say "I can't believe it is a bluetooth". I also like the way the mic extends. It picks up your voice easily and it is comfortable. Comes with several sizes of ear plug attachments that makes it easy to find one that fits your ear. I use mine with an LG Versa cell. I have downloaded music and listening on my cell it sounds OK but it is not as good as a wired headset or earphones. With the terrific price on Amazon and free shipping I am extremely happy with this buy.
I forgot to add the laser pointer and LED light, they have come into play several times, a great addition to the perfect product.
UPDATE I have had many phone cases and been dissatisfied with most.  Either they do not fit properly, or they do not last. I had to replace some after just a couple of months of use.  After six months of daily use this case almost looks at good as the day I bought it. It has held up remarkably well.
But I then read the manual and after adjusting the "ear loop" and angling the headset slightly downward, it fit perfectly into my ear! It's snug, it doesn't flop around at all. It fits in a different way from your traditional "ear plug" device but in many ways it's more comfortable because it's not sitting in your outer ear canal but slightly further outside.

Cons: only lasted 1 year.

The fully charged itorch is able to charge my galaxy tab for 60%, from 20-80% in three hours with the extra 6" long cable for the galaxy tab.  The p6800 galaxy tab has a battery size of 5,100mAh.  That means the itorch can putout 60% of its capacity with the extra 6" cable.  I'll test it again without the 6" cable next time and hope to see an increase in output on an iPad 3.  I'll give it a 5 stars if it has an output efficiency of 65%+.
Build quality is much better than the cheapy no-names. The reception seems exceptional at first, but more often than not, more than 10 feet away and there begins to be problems.
4309	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a replacement (upgrade?) for my Plantronics 510, and the 520 they sent me as a replacement. So far, so good.
1568	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product is probably as good as these things get.  I think Bluetooth as a technology generally sucks no matter what brand of headset you buy.  So far, it has performed better than any I've owned so far.  It has better sound quality, resistance to wind noise and is hardier than the two Motorola's I've had.  It fits better, too.  It's a little too easy to hang up on people when your messing with your hair or whatever, but you'll get used to it and stop doing it after a couple of days.  You might thing that it looks a little big and not entirely stylish, but that's a judgment call, right?  Personally, I'm happy to have something that's close to working the way that these things are supposed to work.
--leather case included is very good (unlike the one included in e71).
7520	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT, FAST DELIVERY!!!
5568	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works good !
2) The documentation is minimal.  If you google, Motorola has a much better manual available for download, and there are also a number of unpublished programming codes.
7876	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was just what I needed to be able to hook up external speakers to my iPhone 2G in the office as well as allow me to use my expensive headphones on it.
9336	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone for one of my teenage sons.  He loves the phone.  I was worried that the slide mechanism might be fragile but it has been very robust.  He goes on very long hikes and his phone bounces around in his pocket along with his keys, sand, and other debris.  The outside of the phone is scratced so much that most of the paint is gone to reveal the metal underneath.  The screen is badly scratched and looks terrible when the phone is turned off HOWEVER, when the phone is on, the screen is so bright that the scratches disappear! This phone has been severely abused about 10 months and yet it still functions perfectly!
8370	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought that Kensington LiquidAUX unit over a year ago, I don't think Kensington's even making it anymore... I tried to find it again recently and couldn't find it for a decent price. I bought it for right around $40 as well, I think the MSRP was no more than $50. Now that I've found it again I'm almost tempted to pick it up from Amazon in case mine ever breaks or as a future gift.
2316	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have not had this handset very long, so won't position this as more than a preliminary review. Many attractive features. A few peeves noticed straight on:
Keypad: People always complain about the keypads of the Sony Ericsson and the LG Shine and say how small they are and how difficult it is to text with them... Most of these complainers are complaining from hearsay (they repeat what they read/hear from others, not from their own experience). The problem of cracking keypads is also a huge concern for potential buyers of the SE. First, to address the keypad. The size of the keypad is very usable for texting and other usage. I have 6'2" and have large hands and I can still manage to comfortable use the phones' keypads. Texting with both is very easy (albeit not as easy as texting on a RAZR). The SE's keypad is not as responsive as the Shine's, meaning the click down are not as solid, and that the row of numbers are connected so that one press on a number slightly depresses the row, but nonetheless, it is very solid. The LG Shine's keypad is like a smaller version of the RAZR. Regarding the cracking keys on the SE, I performed a test to see if this rumor was true. Over a period of 2 days, I had the phone off and during my spare time (which is a lot since it's summer), I've been clicking away at the keys (with a good amount of pressure I might add), and the keys exhibit no sign of cracking. Clearly the cracking keys is an issue with older phones (which you could potentially still buy if the reseller of your phone has old stock).
9682	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent value!
2) Handsfree is limited.  The speakerphone is great.  Unfortunately, without bluetooth, you can't use wireless headsets, and even wireline headsets are hard to find because of the custom combination headphone/power jack.

2052	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have been using Motorola products for years and this is another gadget that just does not deliver. I had the HS801 headset previous to this one and it worked well as long as it was not in a car (which is what I purchased it for). This disintegrated in about a year. I decided to try a the newest Motorola headset and this one worked worse than the cheaper Motorola unit that fell apart in a year. Connectivity was a big issue. It would drop in and out of connection with the phone. Useless when trying to have a conversation. This is with a Motorola phone! The sound was poor both listening and with others listening to me. They could barely hear me because of any background noise would drown out my voice. This was when the microphone was carefully positioned for optimal sound. The ergonomics are questionable for functional use because one of the sound problems related the the position of the microphone on the "boom" of the headset. While wearing it, the small opening for the microphone would press into my face. Therefore, covering the microphone rendering it useless to having a normal conversation.
3325	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It did what I wanted it to. I didn't notice any upgrade in video or sound quality. I have the HDMI converter coming on Tuesday. Maybe I can upstate this review. Shipping was good. Came earlier than expected. Great price as well.
pocket. I love that the charger comes with a LED flashlight and a laser

3646	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just love the look and feel of this case.  I searched Amazon's website for days looking for the right cell phone case, and hit the jackpot when I stumbled on this one.  The clip on the back is perfect, I was specifically looking for the type of clip, that doesn't stick out like most..you will still have a nice sleek phone (thus the reason for buying the Razr) that you can put in your pocket if you choose.  Plus, all of your buttons and ports are visible, for easy access.  You will not go wrong, if you purchase this (A+) cell phone case.
As for performance, I am getting improved signal for my phone in areas where the signal is compromised.  However, if there is absolutely no signal, then I am still out of luck obviously.  However, in areas where signal is weak, I am not getting dropped calls.
Given the obvious high quality of this product, these "breakage" claims seem suspicious.  Perhaps these "breakage" complaints are from a Blackberry competitor selling holsters at 5 times the price, or the wearers had large stomachs hanging over their belts exerting force on the unit.  There is no other explanation.
This antenna really does help. I can't vouch for improvements in walkie-talkie service with Nextel, as I was still unable to get service in the same areas, but it made vast improvements with my Sprint voice service. I found up to 1 bar service increases, plus enhanced voice quality and less static.

1744	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	yea they sound great, the bluetooth signal is awesome crystal clear with no hiss or pop or fading in an out. The bad part is the headband breaks for no reason other than just using it. Now I got a $50 piece of junk that I can't use
4206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this headset with high expectations.  I took my time.  I compared and contrasted.  I read all the reviews.  I thought I had made a great purchase.
3599	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Its cheap the wristlet is like a little thread and not sturdy at all. You have to clip your uncased phone into the plastic backing attached 5o the purse. Money part needs length to really pack some cash in. Id like a better cash compartment which is one thing I wanted in my purchase.  Id say purchase a cheaper product like this. Id the wristlet breaks and im positive it will your product is pointless.  Buyer be aware. Update. I stopped using this. The same day I got this my phone was kind of stuck in it and without thinking I was madly pulling at it. Needless to say my note 2 went flying and cracked the screen to pieces. Just be careful handling your phone since this privides no protection and can be tough to disengage from the phone.
9125	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am very pleased with this product as I own both iPhones and iPad.  I travel frequently, and on long trips and the extra power comes in very handy. I will surely do business with this company again!
That said, as far as bluetooth goes, the Plantronics 510 does quite well -- but it has problems. I use it with my BlackBerry 8700. In a quiet environment, such as indoors or in a car with the windows up, audio transmission will be very clear. The boom mic brings the microphone closer to your mouth than do those tiny in-ear headsets, where the microphone is all the way up at your ear. (The microphone is about 3 inches from my mouth, compared to in-ear microphones, which are about 6 inches away.) The closer distance leads to a better, louder sound. However, in a noisy environment, everyone I've talked to finds it somewhat difficult to hear me because the sensitive microphone will pick up a lot of background noise. People have complained that they can hear the beeping of the checkout counter, or all the people chatting at Starbucks, or all the traffic noise, and it's hard to focus on what I'm saying. When I then disconnect the headset and talk directly into the phone, they all say, "That's much better!" That said, at least people can make out what I'm saying in a loud environment with this headset; with other bluetooth headsets I've used (e.g. the Motorola HS-820), loud environments render my relatively soft voice completely unintelligible.
2593	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I'm happy with this headset as it works as advertised with my Motorola RAZR V3m.
Here are the phone's pros: in your pocket, you have your address book, datebook, notes, e-mail, low-res still and video camera, a very nice sms interface that threads sms exchanges by contact, a web browser, and an mp3 player.  The QWERTY keyboard makes typing much faster than a standard phone.  The interface is unique and you will need a little time to get used to it, but once you do you will be as efficient at quick-dialing and keeping up with daily use as on any other phone.  Also, this phone is a quad-band GSM which means that it will work very well abroad, unlike the more common tri-band GSM phones, which don't perform as well.  (Remember, if you get a Treo Smartphone from Verizon or Sprint, it will not work abroad.)  The screen on the Palm version is brilliant.  The Windows version is not as sharp - a limitation imposed by the operating system.  Also, GSM technology uses "SIM" cards, which means you can simply change out the "SIM" and use your phone on another network or another phone number, either domestically or while abroad.  (You might have a phone locked onto a carrier's network until your contract commitment is complete, but that's something you can sort out on your own).
1341	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had a Treo 650 for about two years now.  I am a cell phone junkie and like to have the newest technology but I love this phone so much I won't even think of getting something else.  I won't even "upgrade" to a newer Treo.  As a matter of fact the one I have in use now is my second.  I bought the first one used on the internet to test it out and the second new.  It reboots from time to time but only if I have the text message notification and try to delete messages with out clearing the notifications.  Not a big deal at all.

other New Trent products but the small instruction manual (folded paper)

2033	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I expect it has lots of room for improvement, but being my first Bluetooth ear piece, and from what I have read of other units, it is good.  It works fine and sounds fine, and does it being ON my ear and not IN my ear, which I appreciate.


1860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are my all-time favourite brand of zipper storage bags, and my favourite type - with the slider instead of having to press it closed.  I use them for so much  more than just food storage - in fact, I'm using a couple right now while I'm on vacation to keep my sandals from dirtying up other things in the suitcase, and for storage of already-worn delicates. :-)
*Note: I don't know if this is a function of the iGo Charger or the tip, but the combo charges the phone just as quickly as the normal Palm Pre charger.
2306	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	First smartphone ... I'm addicted.  Had it a few weeks now and it has never crashed or even had a hiccup.  There are a few very minor things I don't like, but those are problems with the Microsoft OS, not Motorola.  My understanding is that there is a software update coming to solve most of my gripes.  But like another reviewer said, I use it all the time.  It looks fantastic and the screen is amazing.

Overall I'm happy with the results and if you're comparing the price of the booster to the price of adding a land line for a year or more, its almost certainly a good bargain and at least worth trying out.


2721	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this style of case covers! I only use case covers that have the extra grip on the side! this always gives me a good grip and assurance that my phone will not slip out of my hands ever
Overall, I am very satisfy.
+ dedicated keys are useful because you don't need to open the mp3 player application to play your current list. however you need to exert a little to much pressure for my taste (but that prevents it from accidentally changing/starting/stopping your songs in your pocket)
Update:  I have had this almost 2 years and use it all day most every day.  This and another one.  I charge one battery case while using the other battery case and my phone NEVER goes dead.  I can do whatever I want on my phone, leave all my apps open, keep my phone bright as I want it, leave Bluetooth on, whatever.  These are a MUST have for me.  I like the battery case much better than an external battery and it offers some protection for my phone.  I put tempered glass screen protectors on the glass and pretty much covered.
6808	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Seller, Product and Price. Thanks
3378	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have actually bought 3 of these from various places trying to find one that worked well and didn't have vsync issues.
9977	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My mother in law was so worried she would have to give up her LG Flip phone when her battery stopped taking a charge. She went to a Verizon store & they told her they don't make the replacement batteries anymore & tried to sell her a new phone! Talk about taking advantage of someone! Luckily she called me so I could help her out. I did a quick check on Amazon & found these batteries, they were so inexpensive I ordered her 2 of them. She is so happy now. Her phone lasts for 3-4 days on a charge again!

just looked at the charge. it was charge 2 days ago and it is above 90% still
If I have anything critical to say it is that the CSK2 can get sand or dirt in through the hinge. I took it to the beach and my nephew tossed a ball of wet beach sand on it. the grit managed to get in between the plastic screen and the display. This cracked the screen when just a slight pressure was put on the plastic screen. (T-mobile replaced it for free since the display screen cracked without the plastic cover screen being cracked. Very understanding of them!)
A few other reasons I love my Jabra SP5050 -- over the past few years we've owned four different cars with factory systems built into the car.  The most expensive car we own has a built-in system, yet -- despite the brand's reputation for German Engineering -- the hands-free BT system is nearly unusable after the car hits 30 mph. Too much noise, and you end up switching to the handset itself to make yourself heard. My wife HATES it if I even call her using the BT/hands-free system in this car.


6567	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The cellular booster didn't work for me. Reception was not improved enough to warrant the $250 plus cost for the device. I have an ATT hotspot for internet service, that wasn't improved either.

5999	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The battery is small and fairly easy to carry. It has a laser pointer which is nice. I found it could charge my phone about 1.5 - 2 times before needing to be recharged.


Cons: Key layout and size pretty much makes the phone a pain to use, no US 3G bands, small screen
9466	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not boost my data signal.  Very clumsy.  Had to take the arms off for the Verizon jetpack to set on it.  The connection cable got very hot when plugged in....too hot for fingers.  That made me uncomfortable.
But to be completely honest with you, after trying a number of `prettier' headsets that either break easily, lose their pairing with the phone frequently, or just plain don't work as well I am all for sacrificing form for function.
It works exactly as advertised. It was able to pick up a powerful military radar at a range of approximately 6 miles, which was impressive because the single was fairly weak at that distance. Every time the radar swept the hill, the needle would tick.
The universal charger eliminates the clutter of several separate chargers around the house.  I purchased a tip for all my rechargeable electronic gear.  It is my favorite charger.  It seems to charge the devices faster then some of the other chargers.  I purchased the automobile version of the charger for travel.  I am glad to see Amazon carrying both products at a greatly reduced price.
7763	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this Motorola headset about a month ago and my observations are:
So far I've only used the charger for 2 iPhone 4's and 1 iPhone 3G.  I recently purchased an iPad 2 which is partially the reason I purchased the IMP500 to begin with.
other positive reviews are correct;
3801	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little charger is an awesome buy for many reasons.
the screen is big too, and it has a superior plus, it looks really good under either light or dark, though it has only 12bit color, the screen is still clear under sunlight is a huge plus

2715	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Honestly, this is the best smart phone I've ever used. It does everything a blackberry normally does with all the usual efficiency. The camera is the fastest working camera I've ever used on any cell phone. The reception is better even than the 8700 which I loved.

7691	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this with Energizer 9v battery which works just fine with this item.
1516	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Headset has quite bad microphone; people complain much more than with my old Motorola Headset about the voice quality and amount of noise. Not worth the price.
7743	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Motorola Bluetooth Model H710 is an ideal piece of equipment. One major advantage that I enjoy about this device is it's unique ability to connect to two completely separate bluetooth phones. I currently have an I-Phone for personal use and must also carry a second phone (Blackberry) for my current occupation. I was able to connect to each phone in just a matter of minutes using the utilities functions on each of the phones. With a distinctive ring tone you can always be sure which phone you are answering.
Battery Life: is very good.  I can usually use them for a day and a half before they need to be charged again, and charging typically takes about 2 hours I would guess.

8469	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	As others have stated this is far from waterproof. I would not depend on this if it is going to get wet. There was a bit of sea water in the bottom of my kayak and this radio fell in it. It filled up with water and ceased working. Otherwise it worked pretty well and was pretty cheap. But calling this waterproof is very wrong. It is barely water resistant. God forbid your boat was sinking and it got wet.
24	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is soo super pretty! This case may look very breakable but it is very sturdy. It is super cute, the case looks cuter in real life than the picture. SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?? GET IT!!!

I purchased this device so that i can easily listen to songs in the gym from my cell phone instead of carrying my ol mp3 player also. it can easily connect with most modern bluetooth enabled phones without any issues. Though I was UNABLE to connect to my samsung phone, i know that it was my phone's problem rather than the gadget. Samsung phones block one of the ports for bluetooth which enables the bluetooth phone to connect to devices (Samsung claims that this is done to prevent viruses from using this port to access the phone and destroying it. No other phone company does this to their phones!). I was able to seamlessly connect this device to my other sony Ericsson phone almost instantaneously.  So, if you guys have a Samsung mobile phone, then don't waste your money on this gadget or for that matter any blue tooth gadget. The only gadgets samsung allows are the blue tooth headsets (since they use a different port).
3489	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought the H800 to replace an H700 I had lost.  The sound quality was very good but the comfort and ergonomics were a big step back. I tried the H800 (thinking it would be better) and I didn't care for it because it was uncomfortable. First of all the H800 is a lot bigger than the H700 which you can't tell from the pictures. The H800 hangs on the ear but has a little nub that goes in the ear which I found annoying. The function button on the H700/H710 is well placed over the center of the ear so when you press it the headset doesn't move. On the H800 the button is shifted toward the back and when I tried to press the button, the headset kept moving it kept falling off and was hard to press.
2672	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Its a 4 only because the price is right, but you get what you pay for. It is a universal arm band so it will probably only fit the bigger zunes well, as for the HD's works but little sloppy..
The headpiece itself is very comfortable.
The headset lights up in four different colors to show various status (charging, pairing, standby etc) / You can turn off the flashing blue 'I am using a fancy headset dork lamp' but it will come back on after the headset is turned off and on again.
Phone
9432	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very nice from 2 bar make 5 bars
3901	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Was pleasantly surprised at the amount of pressure this think puts out, and really does feel like rain.

5686	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm not sure what people are complaining about.  I think it's not only a cool idea, but a very organized, nice looking, efficient way to charge and display your blackberry bold.  I thought this was an awesome idea. If you have the luxury of owning a bold, I see no purpose in not buying the proper essentials to show it off, and the convenience of charging it in style.  I love it!
2)Call quality is great. The volume can be turned on VERY loud. So if you are hard of hearing or just like to hear loud voices over the phone, then this phone will probably fit the bill.
ADDENDUM: another minor gripe: the "stop" button in the center top position of the phone is too easy to bump when removing the phone from its holster-I've accidentally ended several incoming calls this way.
Easily turn on/off bluetooth, wifi, etc.
Yahoo Messenger
5948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a very convenient yet a powerful battery pack you can get, while traveling abroad to Israel and France, I was able not only to recharge my iphone but my wife's. I travel a lot from work and always need to recharge my iphone, this battery pack due to its size fit perfectly on my briefcase and many times have I used the laser pointer with very much success!!.. Many people from the office in many places on the country had asked where did I get it and they have gotten this awesome gadget.
Overall, I am pleased with my improved signal reception.  Two thumbs up for this product.
9179	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this after reading countless reviews for various portable charging devices and am SO glad I did.  My husband and I were both able to keep our phones charged on a trip with 30 hours total travel time.  I was able to watch movies and my husband listened to his iPod during all 4 of our flights and 10 hours of layover in addition to the occassional extra charge needed when we were away from our hotel for long periods of time.  I also use this charger when I've been on my cell phone at my day job all day and don't have time to charge it.  I plug my phone in while it's in my purse in my locker at my evening job.  It turns itself off once my phone is charged, so there's no risk of damage to either device when left unattended.  I'm able to get my phone from no charge to full charge at least 4-5 times before I need to recharge the charger itself.
I have to consider this headset to be a failure.  On the box, it touts "Comfort" and "Ease of Use".  As you can see from my results, it doesn't deliver on either of these.  It's a shame because it does deliver good sound quality at a reasonable price.  Unless you have the ear it was modeled after, though, I would not buy it.

 The Ear Plug Hurt`s  a  Little .
4) Quick start-up - it takes about 3 seconds for it to start up/sync with your phone.
This is almost an irrational comparison, given how different these devices are:
 No AC wall plug, to charge the iTorch you need to use your PC - (computers USB port) or use an AC plug from a device like the Ipod, or cell phone ac plug-in. Not a deal breaker or even a very big deal for us, since we have so many usb cables and ac plug-ins, but some may find this limiting, especially if you are on the go and do not have an AC charger.
Being able to browse the web without going through Danger's servers first, and seeing an IE view of the internet is a wonderful thing. I can't tell you enough how happy it makes me to be able to just go directly to a website. I can see things on sites that used to be filtered.

Pros:
3439	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great fast shipping. The screen looks great but after five mins you start to see the pixels lose on the screen. The pixels lose was not great but two or three in the top and bottom other than that it was a great screen.


7395	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Matches my Red Blackberry Curve 8310.  Has Blackberry imprinted on the back.  Fit's the phone prefectly!

SET-UP:  I was excited to finally try this booster out, but I was also a little apprehensive about set-up.  To my relief, the instructions were well-explained and set-up was easy.  There are 3 pieces in the box: The outside antenna, the desktop antenna, and the amplifier.  The outside antenna (which is a plastic box that sits in a plastic cradle) has a variety of mounting options - including window mount.  You have to attach the outside antenna to  the amplifier with coax cable (they give you 50' of cable) so keep that in mind when choosing a place for the exterior mount.  (And of course you also have to find the spot with the strongest existing signal.) We did have to fuss around a bit to find a spot where the exterior antenna got a strong signal and could be connected inside to the amplifier, which also has to be plugged in AND connected to the desktop antenna.  Once we had that figured out though, actual set-up was super-fast and we had a green light in minutes.
4342	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really like the carrying case... one thing is that the clip is a little tight so I have learn to work with it better to clip it on my belt better.  I have to get a new one as I did not realize that the sewing came undone.  Like that I have a choose to use the clip-on or the belt loops to secure it on myself.  Great product...

100% coverage on internal pads.
but not too heavy, and that suggests that it is a well built product. I often make presentations and use a laser pointer, so I appreciate an appropriately sized and multifunctional pointer that isn't cumbersome during presentations and takes up less room in
A useful feature that is not listed in the manual is "AIRPLANE" mode: it disables connection to the network, so that you can use the device on an airplane, for example to play mp3s or backup the phone's address book to your laptop.

The Cons:

Look at the photos before buying: notice that this is a big headset. That's part of what makes it work so well, but if you want the compromises inherent in the tiny designs, don't buy this.

4952	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Does not give you Left and Right channels like it should. Music in unbearable and incorrect. Do not buy this.

3. With earloop installed, it's so hard to wear the jawbone even I've tried other sizes came with box.
Not comfortable to hold
4. Pairs with a device that it has been setup with by simply pressing the primary button.
8924	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	its not as promising

2542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	got this case when I bought my GNote and I must say it looked sexy and great! then I got a leather case to replace it! but for the price the quality is great, and looks even better!
6649	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Could barely use cell phone until we got this, now no more dropped calls or trying to run around house looking for a spot with a good signal.
2436	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent deal, Great price, fast shipping, feel confident that my shiny gold bluetooth headset is protected
2291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have used Cardo and Plantronics headsets, which were very good, BUT this little headset beats them for comfort. Wind noise is almost non-existent and vocals are chrystal clear. The range is limited to ten feet or so. This is not a problem for me since I always have my phone with me. I strongly recommend this product.
Ideally though I'd like a cleaner installation and not putting an antenna on roof, wire through door, tape on the dash, etc.  But the performance is solid.  There is another model for multiple users in car you should consider as well as this is intended for a single user.
I paired it up with my Razr V3i without a problem. I have also tried it with a Powerbook to listen to internet radio. It works very well. I read somewhere it also works with Skype, but I've never tried that.



Motorola's response never waivered... "Go talk to HP."
I will be returning this one mainly because I'm tired of the problematic connectivity and the very unintuitive design.


3021	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The original version of this great Nokia phone was really cool.  Big display, email, fast internet.  High-end flip phones like this are getting to the point where they can do almost anything the fancy Windows phones can do.
932	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Horrible sound and super narrow design chokes you, get the LG HBS 730 instead, same price way better quality.

8066	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	If you do not want an uncomfortable bluetooth receiver in your ear this is the way to go. It's definitely loud enough and the best part is that the voice recognition works like a charm.
222	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Item,
4846	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Folks

There is a short (maybe 3 inches tall) antenna that has a magnetic bottom toe be mounted on the roof of your vehicle.  Being magnetic, it will stay there when you drive at any speed.  There is a wire that goes from there and plugs in to a cradle.  I don't know the exact length but the cord is quite long to compensate for different placement in the front or back of your car.  This cord is thin enough and durable enough that you can close your door completely on the cord.  A big key is that the cord that runs from your antenna needs to run to your base where your phone is attached.  What this means is that you have to ensure that the wire is secured to different areas of the interior of your car so the wires aren't going anywhere.  This is something you would want to logistically think about before you install it.  How will you hide that wire?  What will you use to secure the wire?  I have zip ties and I have found different things in the car to zip tie the wire too but I am not sure how ideal that is.
5281	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the sim card worked just out of the box and online activation was easy, i had it for a daily plan as traveling along different regions not always had to use the phone every day.

Verdict:  THIS PHONE ROCKS, and it's so damn cute!
This is, simply put, the best phone on the market to date!  The camera is great, that it shoots short videos is amazing, and couple it with the very comfortable Jabra Bluetooth headset, and you have a true deal that even P.T. Barnum himself would be envious of.
1141	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	<div id="video-block-R1WGCAAMASUK2D" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1g7SMpT5XS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61S9PJpIfhS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Great little Usb Hub.  7 ports.  3 on each side, 1 on the front.  Powered by AC or usb.  Lights remain on at all times regardless of what are plugged into the ports.  A must buy if you need more usb ports for your comp.  Works on windows 7.  Have had almost a year with zero issues.
5144	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE October 12, 2009
2826	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	does not fit my zune HD model

2727	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The case is hard to put on and when it was on, i tried to fix the orientation of case with cellphone, the case took out battery cover. I was happy it did not break, but it doesn't feel right even if the cover is on. I am going to buy another one. Also, the buttons are very hard to press, my fingers are sore.
957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The headset sounds excellent.  The earbuds will not aggravate your ears when they are in... even for long lengths of time.  I would definitely recommend these.
Sincerely;

5088	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the greatest phones from Samsung. It is true that AT&T does not offer many good (new) phones, but this one is hit.
7870	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The adapter is wired for something other than an iPhone. The sound is distorted and the microphone does not work with the standard earbud headset that comes with the iPhone. If you hold the pause button the sound comes through correctly which indicates that the wires are crossed in the adapter.
Effect: No volume controls or mic.
7220	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Poor
It's probably fine if you wear a belt (I don't) and can slip the holster through that, but the design of holster makes wearing this phone on your person awkward.
My complaints are in 2 areas detailed below. First for those who want to transfer contacts from another phone, PDA or from Outlook.  And second that Verizon has had LG remove file transfer features that forces user to pay for MIDIs and MP3 that are already on your PC, just to use up your air time (= money!)

1. Very light weight, but solid construction.
Cons:


Over the past several years, I've gotten a number of USB hubs to handle the problem.  I bought a 7-port CyberPower Hub from another vendor to use at work.  It's lasted with day in and day out use for about two years.  One heavy use is that I use a password manager on a USB thumbdrive and it gets plugged in at least twice a day.  The CyberPower hub at work doesn't seem to mind.
3739	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I was looking for. It is small, fits easily in most dash cubbies, produces clean power through the USBs, and looks great. I could go without the ugly green led lights inside the 12v plugs, but I always have both full so its a non issue.

Pros:
4675	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed something rugged to fit my Galaxy Note 3 seeing that I am a residential contractor, I need reliability and safety for my very expensive phone. This case was very inexpensive and shipping was fast. I was concerned with the description, mentioning it fits most Galaxy Note 2 phones. My phone fits very well and the velcro is heavy duty. 5 stars. Exceptional Glass LLC

1674	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	That's correct, for men! This headset is heavier then most but the sounds quality is excellent and most importantly it can be VERY LOUD! Most other Bluetooth headsets that I've tried have issues with volume level. They are not loud enough (Motorola, Logitech and Jabra) especially in a car drive fast. But be aware, it's on the heavy side for many. It's perfect for me but I am almost 6 feet tall and weight close to 230 lbs. I would not recommend it for most ladies.
Pros:

7128	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works a lot better than the 5 year old one that was in it.  Holds a charge.  check back in a year thats when I'll really know
Can make very long video if have memory card.
And that was from 40% to a 100% charge. I've charged my coworkers phones when we got stuck in the field with no outlets for my coworkers to use.
5181	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been through a number of hands-free devices over the years.  I've bought and used 4 different Bluetooth headsets with varying degrees of success; some work, some don't.  I've had some decent headsets, but don't like wearing them and often forget them.  They've also been -- in my experience -- a little problematic to operate; some don't work with all phones, for example, and often you have to repeat pairing on a weekly basis to keep the device working with your phone.  Some have poor battery life.  Some have numerous accessories -- like charging stands and power supplies -- that make them really not that small or self-contained.  Then there's the fit issue, some of the ones that clip over your ear are uncomfortable, some of the ones that use an earbud to fit into your ear are too loose -- you get the picture...
I know I can return it - and I will - but the hassle is just too much.
9231	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got a big phone that needs a big case that's not too bulky.. This did the job. Buy it!!
9038	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend. She loves it as it's very compact and fits in her handbag quite unobtrusively, while keeping her iPhone charged at all times.
It's easy to use. It's the iPhone of its time
136	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Replaced my daughters old charger. Does what it's supposed to.

1104	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Just gotta say, this phone rocks!
1. Standard usb port on the device allows for charging many devices, especially those that come with a usb-cord-plus-power-plug combination.
6214	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The imp 52 gave me just about 3 dead to full charges which was to be expected based on the MAH of my cell phone battery, and the capacity of the power pack. The pack is very small and portable with curved edges making it very pocket friendly.

The only real issue I have with this booster is how hot it gets while working. I only keep my phone in the cradle when the signal needs boosting, in order to keep the temperature down. While it is a bit of a hassle to take it out of the cradle and put the case back on, I fear my phone will be damaged if subjected to high temperatures for an extended period of time, over the long term.
5639	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	iGo tips are the best way to travel.

My biggest problem with the unit is that it does not fit my ears without feeling very insecure.  The "hanging" design always feels like it is flopping around for me, and if I lean too far to that side, the unit will actually fall off my ear.  There is no way to tighten the fit of the unit; I have already tried different earpieces and positions of the earpieces, but this doesn't help.  This is the reason why I will probably replace this unit with another.  Its a shame, since it is such a nice unit, but the floppiness on my ears is unacceptable.
Out of the box, it is pretty cool(...)!
* Slippery plastic ear hook, though they do include extras.



I have an iPhone 3G. When you first pair, everything works as advertised. If you take you phone and go to the store, by the time you get back, the Calisto has stopped connecting with the iPhone. In order to get it to work again, you need to un-pair and pair again, a time consuming operation. I reported this to Plantronics and was told "Sometimes if you don't usually turn off your phone, it can lock the bluetooth link between the phone and headset to where you have to turn phone off and turn headset off and then turn your phone on and then your headset. We try to recommend that you at least turn your phone off once in awhile so that the link doesn't get locked."
297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK

1452	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this headset in 2008, after having had several others that were all crap. I don't remember any of the brand/model #s or I would review them, too. Anyway, I got this for less than $70 when it was a new model and one of the big features for me was that it could do double-duty and worked with Skype on my computer. What I found out that made it even better, is that it works to completely remove outside sound from my laptop, and lets me hear everything on the headset... music, Google video chat, movies, everything.

The LiquidAUX would always pair successfully (as far as I could tell from looking at the blue LED on the device and the screen on my Blackberry) but frequently the connection would not work (ie. could not make or receive calls, or listen to music). I would have to pair again to get it to work.
I was able to upload all my old Palm programs and convert all my old phone information without any problems.  The SIMS card was easy to replace and so far I have not found any problems.
Have you seen this thing?  The keyboard is small.  And you know what?  I'm glad it is.  The Moto Q, Blackjack and Curve, etc might fit in the front pocket of your tight jeans, but it's not comfortable.  The Centro passes my "jeans test" by sliding into my front pocket while letting me sit and stand with no problem.  As a result, you get a smaller screen and a smaller keyboard.  The Blackberry Pearl is the about the same size as the Centro, but it doubles up two letters per key button.  Personally, I hate that.  The Centro scores huge points for giving me dedicated keys for each letter on a small phone that fits in my pocket.  It took me a day to adjust to typing with my fingernails, and I have large hands.  But I can easily type with two thumbs or one--something that I can't do on my Palm Tungsten C or the Moto Q.  Therefore, Centro is an outstanding one- or two-handed phone.  The 5-way directional key also works better than i thought it would.  After moderate use I find myself actually liking it a lot.  The remaining buttons work just fine and can be assigned to whatever you want, including the side button below the volume keys.  The dedicated ringer-off slider on the top is a very welcome bonus.
75	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This case for some reason is peeling, there isn't much left of the orginal skin, i  loved the case with pink being my favorite color but i wouldn't recommend this specific one for anyone.
SUMMARY
9115	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am one of those annoying people who is glued to his iPhone.  Some of you may be the same.  I not only do remote tech support and am required to have my phone on 24/7, but I also attend a lot of things that bore me.  And when I'm bored, I turn to my phone for news and games.  And sometimes the juice runs out, and that's trouble.  Enter the iTorch.  This thing rocks!  It's small, which is very important.  If you've already got your phone and car keys in your pockets, the last thing you need is to be over-encumbered.  It's much smaller than the iPhone, and it's nice and sleek.
5. External memory expandable upto 8GB

7913	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good product! :D
N95 vs. the Samsung G810
7037	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Beautifully constructed. Fast shipping. However, a bit too bulky for belt wearing. So I clipped to my 'deployment bag' to hold small objects. And, the deployment bag, (different company) was just a few dollars more than the Maxpedition Cell Phone Holster. My recommendation is to do your homework.
Here are some of the other features I really like:

It did not provide any sustainable boost in coverage for my Verizon Wireless service.
6073	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pro's:
* The price is very reasonable for a headset with these advanced features.
World Wide Distributors of Van Nuys, Calif., promptly mailed it first class on Monday morning, the 5th of December.
This is disappointing,and I'm not sure what to do next. I am doubtful that I will be able to find another decently priced jogging bluetooth set that meets my requirements. Darn! I gave them two stars because they seemed so wonderful while they lasted. I am used to more durable consumer goods; another cheap pair of headphones have stayed intact thru everything but being run over by a tank. Even the packaging the set came in seemed more durable then they did.
2081	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have bad signal with T-Mobile (and Cingular 1900) in the basement
195	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The only difference I have noticed with this charger is that the cord is maybe just a little less pliable than the charger that came with my phone.  I can't seem to get the cord to straighten out completely, but that is just cosmetic.  It functions perfectly.  Have used it plugged into my charging base as well as directly into the phone.  Would buy again.
i purchased this in october of 2011, and over a year and a half later, it is still working perfectly.  a short while ago i upgraded my android phone to a 4g/lte device and began having reception problems.  it would not maintain a consistent signal - it would fluctuate between full strength to one bar and a few times a day have no signal at all.  after playing with my phone's network settings i discovered that setting it to gsm only solved that problem.  i don't have to worry about data speed since the phone is connected via wifi, but when i leave the house i have to remember to switch it back to auto mode (gsm/wcdma/lte) to have a faster data connection.

I really like the iTorch. I would rate it overall 5/5. The pro's are it's convenient, portable, consistent with its charging. I love that it fits in a coat pocket. I don't use the flashlight much I use my iphone for that. The LED I use to play with my cats-they give it a 5/5.

I love the phone quality, and the reception (incoming) is as good as the outgoing.  My cellphone is better than any phones I have used at home, and those are on Digital Cable Phone lines.
battery life isn't great, but that's what you get for the thinness.

To add airtime from Tracfone is extremely painful:
6356	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife was looking for a case for her Palm Centro phone and we came across this one. Since, she hasn't dropped, lost, or been without her phone. I loops onto her belt and the magnetic closing is amazing! She loves it...

Price is great.  I wish there were more colors to choose from and I wish the shipping wasn't twice the price of the cover.


727	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This headset was purchased to replace TWO crappy jabra freespeaks.  This is very small, but unlike the goldlatern bluetreks or the Jabra, does not hide its mass well; it all sits right outside your ear, and in completely inconspicuous.  With my old bluetrek and even the jabra, my hair hid most of it, which for me is a plus, as I do not use Bluetooth headsets to impress people or get atttention; I don't want peoples attention and questions.
9369	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
507	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the original smartphone.  We shall pay homage.
one full charge for iphone 5 only ,,,
Overall, I am very satisfied with the IMP52D iTorch external battery. It works well, has nice little bonuses with the inclusion of the LED and the laser pointer as well as the bag with included cables. Very reasonable price for what is provided, I would go so far as to state that the it is under priced for all of the features it offers.

Other than that, for better or worse the G810 has a 3x optical zoom. "Worse" because that inevitably leads to compromises in the optics (the thickness of the phone is the same, so that must mean that the CCD sensor is smaller - meaning more noise).  On the upside, it does have Xenon flash and a protective lens cap.

7294	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excelente compra!!

Update: Customer service was helpful and sent me out a new battery and it works quite a bit better. With light use I can now go up to 2 full days without a charge.
functionality: being as a smartphone, it has a good platform to add 3rd party apps
When the belt clip fails, or before, get one of theses.
DO NOT BUY
- Looks cool
I beyond maxed out this device for in-vehicle charging. I used the two 12V outlets to plug in USB splitters for a total of 6 USB outlets, one of which I used to connect to a 12,000 mAh battery (which had another three outlets).
31	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	For the price i received a pretty great case! I received many compliments on how cute it was! the bow on the back looked like it might fall out but i have had it for 6 months and nope, its strongly attached! the diamonds in the back amazed me how long they stayed attached and only like 3 have fallen off, not too bad. it fits nicely on my phone. but i don't recommend dropping your phone because it doesn't give you protection from impacts! its more like a "look at my pretty phone" kind of case. Unfortunately i had to replace my case because due to my crazy lifestyle (throwing my phone in bags and pockets) the plastic by the volume buttons started to break off. But i will definitely buy another one to put on my iPhone on special occasions only!
1890	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I personally like this earpiece. It performs well and the major feature I like is the blinking notice that you have missed a call. It is comfortable and easy to use. I have had no problems with either of these units I have had for about 4 years.

The worst feature is the ring tones, as it comes with very few (compare to Nokia's).  On top of that, the volume is not high enough to hear the phone from the bottom of my purse.  If you want a distinctive ring tone, you'll have to pay to download tones from your service provider.  Although the phone has a mini USB connector port to download your own music/tones and to upload pictures, you need to find a driver that will work on your computer.  Don't expect help on how to find one.  The Motorola site is useless, and my service provider salespeople didn't have a clue it was needed.  The thick manual that comes with the phone is barely helpful, as it shows key strokes to access features without explaining crucial information; for example, it tells you how to access new melodies without telling you how to actually accomplish the download.  In general, the manual looks helpful without actually being of use.

4336	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have this in my Jeep and it works great.  Even on very rough, offloading adventures.it holds the mike very nicely.

Background music a problem. Jawbone better when backgroung gets rough.
Larger then most other headsets, but it's elegant, love the extending boom mic (which, by the way, answers and/or disconnects your call), and has a very firm ear hook.
3627	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A very good phone case for my Droid 3.  This was my second case, and this one has a more luxurious feel than the first one did.  I replaced my case because the clip.  I have since learned that the clip is replaceable.
It's great for when I have to listen to messages or make short calls..but..i like my road trips. I will still be checking out other units and i have bought 2 so I can use my phone handsfree at the computer. The other unit is a different manufacturer and suffers the same problem. GRRRR..



7247	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Returned and defective. Was sold to me as NEW when in fact USED. Phone never worked properly and was defective. But they did make up for it and made it good.
3608	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It was a very nice case. Well made GREAT color........ But I bought the wrong size. Had to send it back.
9548	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.  I used to have 0 or 1 bar, now I have 5 bars.  Its a little pricey but it works.

What a piece of garbage. Literally - I had to throw it away.



4302	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered the Blue Ant X5i from Shopcell - an Amazon market place vendor. While the product was delivered promptly enough, alas - it wouldn't even switch on.

2. Full duplex means that if two conversations overlap, then both people will be able to hear what the other is saying. This makes conversations more natural. If you don't have full duplex (like the motorola speakerphone doesn't have it), then it leads to some awkward conversations because only one voice gets through when conversations slightly overlap.
571	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very well , no problem at all is good for activities like exercising.  Fits ok I don't think is too long unless you are a girl with tiny wrist
8834	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I really loved this when I first got it. It charged well and the battery lasted a long time. When I went to charge it a second time it would not charge. I do not know if mine was just defective or what but I had to return mine.
8604	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	exellent
That being said, I have no idea what this was for, but they're asking for a review.....
- It's not all around protection.  I have no doubt that if I dropped my tablet in this from any normal height, the consequences would be catastrophic, but perhaps not.

The iTorch is lighter than the iPhone (yes is can charge more than the iPhone. anything with a USB connector for that matter!) itself and comes with a handy carrying bag that you can stuff the iTorch, your phone or tablet USB attachment, and the iTorch charger in (at least I can, haha)! So you can take it anywhere with you just like you do your cellphone without hassle. Any you can easily use it anywhere.
6# Palmone has a patent on a new design of smart device that they are working to bring to the market. A design nothing like the designs currently available. A PDA phone that will be thinner and still able to have a large full color screen and keyboard. SO the next generation of Treo's will be even better!

A note of advice:  don't buy one without adjustable gain, and *never* buy a used one.  (I initially ordered a "used" one from Amazon and received a "DOA" unit that was missing some parts and did not have the adjustable gain as pictured in the ad... in my experience, its not worth any amount of savings to end up wasting time & money on the wrong model, or worse, a potentially abused/defective unit that won't last very long. Always buy a new one, mount it properly so it runs cool, and it will last & pay for itself year after year)

1673	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've paired this unit with a Motorola V551 and it works wonderfully.  The sound is great on both ends (my wife cannot tell I'm on a headset of any kind).  The battery life is very good.  The set fits my ear well and doesn't move once in position.
9828	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	sealed and dated 2011, which is fine.  put one in a watch and worked as expected.  price is great. pack of 5 costs what a single would've cost at watch shop.  shipped quickly.

iTorch also comes with a sturdy carry pouch. Out of the box the iTorch
4264	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and very loud too

------------------
8. Voice dialing

* The iPhone feature set is, at best, mediocre.  Yes, it has WiFi - so does a lot of other phones.  Yes, it has a "WYSIWYG" web browser; again, so do so many others (including the 3-year old&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-A1200-MING/dp/B000SZOKN0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola A1200 MING</a>, another touch-screen phone by the way).  However, it lacks: 3G support, GPS, Infrared, FM Radio, decent camera functionality (no flash, video recording, etc), 3rd party application support (e.g. no Internet Radio, GPS navigation, etc), or even a usable Bluetooth stack (to do silly little things like transfer files or enable internet access for a nearby laptop while on the road).  Even the otherwise crappy Motorola RAZR line (e.g. RAZR v3xx) do most of these things. UPDATE: With the release of the iPhone 3G and the new App Store, Apple has come a long way.  It's worth pointing out though that the iPhone can still not run standard J2ME/MIDP mobile applications, only those released specifically for the iPhone through the App store.  Per the Apple Terms of Service, this means: No 3rd party web browser (e.g. Opera Mini), no voice navigation, not even something along the lines of Nokia Sports Tracker (since it uses the GPS).
179	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	thank you. it did not disappoint. was as expected and does the job though I am going to a new phone as the galaxy 2 has been acting up consistently. shutting down by surprise etc...

The bad on this phone is the voice recognition ,you don't train it,you just speak the name ,but I have yet to see this phone get it right. Enunciating doesnt help and turning the sensitivity up or down doesn't either .The phone will give you 3 choices to agree with the recognition and usually all three are wrong ,so I have to scroll down to the name I want to call it's quicker. However since I mostly need tags in the car when I'm driving I have trained the car voice recognition to work ,and thats what I mostly use.
514	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Keypad is no biggie, you quickly get used to it -- and the layout is great as a thumboard for typing messages and such.  RF is great, and there are lots of add-on applications for the Symbian operating system making this phone a great little tool.  I do wish the phone were a bit smaller, but it's not a major issue.
8929	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No issues so far with this devise. I bought it for my iPhone 4S. I charge this up in my even. It's pretty portable and does what it's suppose to do. I have no complaints and a full charge lasts about two, full charges on my iPhone. Good for work, and travel.
My only complaint is that the paint or coating whatever it is is not very well applied. The edges are still white and that really sticks out when on the phone - makes the otherwise beautiful  Voyager look ghetto.
-Gross distortions that anyone could pickout. If you are into quality music in the car environment, forget this device!
The good:
I called Aliph and returned it to them for warranty swap, a somewhat unpleasant but ultimately satisfactory process.
All in all I give it extremely high marks for a truely exceptional device.
2334	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got the Plantronics 910 a few months ago and it was the best headset I've ever had (I had a nokia and a motorola headset before). It had excellent battery life and was the clearest and loudest among the units I've owned (my hearing is not as good as it used to be).


2661	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Picked this up from Radio Shack as a novelty item.  The phone is thin, but the call quality is quite poor.  Virgin Mobile uses Sprint's PCS network, and Sprint is my primary provider (I have a new Sanyo M1 phone), and the call quality difference is huge.  The keypad is also uncomfortable to use, like many ultra-thin phones -- just not designed for normal human beings IMHO.  Finally, VM's prepaid rate is just too high.  Coupled with limited coverage, I'd say VM's service is a bad deal.

One negative about the charging unit... it's always blinking when it's in there, so you'll need to not be the type to be bothered by that blinking off in the corner of your vision at night.

BLUETOOTH: Haven't had any problems with the Bluetooth headset (H500). I also use the Bluetooth to sync the device (ActiveSync) with my laptop. Look ma, no wires!
3) built in laser pointer and light

First of all, this is not a flimsy phone as has been reported.  With two sliding keyboards (much like a magic trick!), it is amazingly solid.  The screen is extremely bright and vivid.  The QUERTY keyboard is small, but way better than a touch screen, however, there is almost no sense of feedback, so you still have to be careful.
638	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this bracket to hold my 60Cx to my handlebars and I have been extremely happy with the purchase.  I use my bike as my primary source of transportation and it has been easy to get around thanks to the street maps that I loaded onto the GPS.  As other reviewers have noted, you definitely want to also tie the GPS to your handlebars.  I use the wrist strap that came with the GPS.  My bike fell over one day and the GPS popped right out of the bracket and was left dangling above the ground.  If it had not been tied, it easily would have impacted the ground.
3148	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I'm not very impressed with this.  It's super cheap and fits very loosely on my car air vent.  It wiggles around and looks bad as well.  I would not recommend.
6453	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I prefer this model to the newer version because it provides for more antenna options.
518 894 0445 CST


A couple of small annoyances, the ear retainer is somewhat inflexible and prevents the mic end from aligning with your mouth to gain the advantages of noise cancellation as well as eliminate the bathroom echo effect. It'd be nice to have a more scuptable retainer...used a bit of coat hanger for mine because I've got oddly set ears but it may be ok for you.

7696	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Cute little screen cleaner that goes everywhere.

9774	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great batteries.  works well.
8008	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product.  It does all it promises, and offers connecting tips to just about anything you can think of that would need to be charged.  The small, compact size makes it a dream to take on travel, or in your vehicle, and the unit replaces nearly all those individual, bulky, heavy DC charging units with plugs.  If you frequently find you need to recharge multiple items at once, there's a great chance you'll love this, too.
8446	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This battery last way, way longer than the original ever did. The only reason I am not giving it that 5th star is because it sticks out the back of my laptop just a touch more than the original battery did. It is of no concern though as it does not effect the function at all.

I then fired up my phone and it sounded GREAT.  There was no static and after a few test calls I realized that I was hearing my calls better than ever before and that my callers were also hearing me well.  I'm used to trying unsuccessfully to talk in noisy environments.  This little magic unit was helpful in allowing me to have conversations on the phone that other headsets couldn't handle.
2549	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought a expensive Outter case before get this one and I was surprised because this one feels better for my Galaxy Note. Of course I would recommend, specially for those who doesn't want to expend a lot of money in a case.
9440	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great
- Cheap

9309	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great
8432	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This really is a useful set of tools for your ATT Tilt. The charging/USB port cradle works great -- just plug your phone in, and it starts the syncing process while it charges your battery. You can also charge the extra battery in the back of the unit, so you will nearly always have a freshly charged battery ready. You almost don't need the included car charger! Since this is a touch screen, the cleaning cloth and screen protector help keep the screen easy to read. This is about everything you will need for your Tilt, except for a carrying case.
--Wi-Fi chip gets good connection everytime (unlike other phones or laptops that just disconnect suddenly although you're in a good wifi zone).

33	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love this case and it looks so pretty on the phone.  I just feel like its going to break if i drop it! I dropped it once and one of those diamonds came off.  The bow is a little loose as well.  It also provides NO protection for the phone at all!! This is simply just for show.
I LOVE this charger and highly recommend it!!!
1807	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This pre-amp does everything very well, but had I known the richer-sounding NAD and Cambridge Audio pre-amps are frequently available for only a little more I would've sprung for those.  I'm not advocating audiophiliac tomfoolery, just stating that this competent product is exceeded by slightly more expensive products which shouldn't surprise anyone.

2817	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	durable, protect well the bbz10
241	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It's not even enough to charge the HTC One, My phone always display "Charging Slow"
*Very easy to set up with the phone
8025	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Small, clear video, great audio quality. Phone doubles all Tracfone purchased minutes and bonus minutes will be added to that (i.e. purchase a one year 400 minutes card with a 200 minutes promotional code, and you'll have 1000 minutes to use within one year - longer if additional time/minutes are purchased). Easy to add phone book - can store multiple phone numbers under one contact name. Easy to take pictures, but have to use the web to email the pictures to store on your own computer - no direct connect to a computer. Battery was properly charged and drained several times, but even in standby drains fast, only having 2-3 days standby time. My replaced Kyocera (provided free by Verizon) provided strong standby power for more than a week; You have to use a Tracfone phone with Tracfone. Activate phone with Tracfone online and receive 20 initial minutes. My minutes were not applied automatically, as expected when  activating online, but I had to call tech support. Tech support was called several times, for both pre-sale and after purchase support; there was never a wait time and the personnel were excellent. I had 1st ordered the phone direct from Tracfone and then found that Amazon gave a better price. I called Tracfone to cancel the order, and although it had shipped, they gave full credit - all I had to do was refuse the phone when delivered by FedEx. Once upon a time I made good use of my Verizon plan, but for a long time had little and seldom need for monthly use. For several years I paid Verizon $30 a month for a few minutes used over a year's time, and incurred roaming charges. With Tracfone, I purchase minutes per year (1000 for $99), no roaming charges, and none of those phone charge taxes that can increase your bill 20% or more. An assortment of cards for various minutes/time are available. Tracfone buys minutes from all the major cell phone networks like Alltel, Verizon, AT&T and T-Mobile, so I expect to be able to use my card while on vacation in Anchorage without incurring roaming charges. This is a single rate phone: This means that roaming, long distance, and even International Long distance is the same rate, one unit per minute. Tracfone seamlessly  managed the cancellation of my Verizon plan and retention of my cell phone number. The phone is full featured - free caller id, mailbox, minutes available. I'm only disappointed with the short battery life. As I don't use the phone frequently, I only know that that standby time is short, and do not have experience on how long the battery performs during talk time. The phone advertises talk time over 2.5 hours and standby time up to 250 hours. I need to check the warranty for battery replacement. You'll find more information about TracFone at [...]
9334	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I made a Skype call from my iPod Touch and the sound quality was good. The headphone sound was clear and the clicker worked as designed.

I used to put the set in my pocket between calls.  Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.  I contacted the company and they indicates that this is because if the loop doesn't break, the headset itself would break instead.
2862	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the exact cable that Microsoft includes when you purchase a Zune. The connection is great. It even comes with protective covers for each ends of the cable! I highly recommend this product.
2388	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Most affordable highly reviewed bluetooth headset I could find. Works better than I ever expected. Fits good, can sometimes slip off without the ear hook it comes with. Small so can be lost easily. Sound is great, sometimes other party has hard time hearing, so you have to speak up a little. Charge lasts long. Very happy with product. Definitely better than wired headsets that often tangle and break.
Even though it's inexpensive, it was a complete waste of time and money.
Talking to others they hear me loud and clear a few miles away. I would get something more if I were going a distance from shore. A radio is a must for help in an emergency. Your cellphone won't help you communicate with others on the water in the event of an emergency.maybe you could call AAA IF YOU NEED A TOW from your cellphone ? Or call a near by boat for help on the radio .
I got this case because I prefer to carry my phone in my pocket and I wanted a case that would protect the Chocolate's wheel control; this should work well for that. The detachable belt clip is a little lighter and cheaper than the cover iself, but will probably work out OK for my intended use of clipping the phone to my seatbelt. (I pull off the road to talk, though!) Otherwise, I carry my phone in my pocket. There is a connecting knob on the back of the case that protrudes a bit too much - it is there to connect the case to the belt clip.
(1) Gel ear buds DO NOT STAY ON (now I've lost all of them), and neither does the over-ear hook.
5145	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	There are several things I like this cover for my LG 8550.

3585	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just purchased this - the screen is plenty large. I don't know why someone would complain about it's size. My mom, who requires glasses to see things like this, said she could see it fine without glasses. So far, I am happy with this. I didn't want MP3 or any thing other than the navigator... and this seems like it'll be perfect. So far, so good.
Not discrete at all for daily wear out
6395	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my husband for christmas and he's rough on phones, but this has been very durable.  Holding up very well.

5870	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a real nice case that you can carry you headset in as well as cards and cash. Works with 3gs with a thin case but not the Otterbox.
If you watch which side you start with, these things are klutz-proof. I peeled the backing on the sticky side, aligned it, and pressed from one edge to the other. I got not one single bubble! Then I removed the backing on the outer side, pressed and polished. You can't even tell it's there! It's staying put quite nicely and is keeping the BB in mint condition. Just remember when you get them that there are two sides to these protectors, and you'll be fine. It's a great product.
All in all, go with the w600i sony phone (that's what the insurance company is going to be sending me as yet another replacement)
2096	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	i got one of this first, and tested on Samsung Upstage cellphone, it was great, so I ordered another one for my Samsung Blackjack and the ATT Tilt,it does what it claims to do, loving every minute of it. I even took to Myrtle Beach listening to music while on the beach.


nitpick - DOES NOT send 4G LTE signal through (700 mhz) but that signal seems to be stronger than the 3g signal anyways.
4186	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	DON'T FALL FOR THIS POORLY MADE GIMMICK by ALIPH, WITH ITS UNCONCERNED CUSTOMER SERVICE.  The Jawbone is, by far, the worst headset I have ever come across! Aliph seems more about marketing than substance. I wish I could reassign the rating  and give one-eighth star.  This company is bad news!
1092	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Work good and cabel is exate long

I have chargers for my iPhone when I'm at home and in my vehicle - I'm hoping that I can put this in my purse and for those times when my iPhone is dead or almost dead, I can plug the IMP52D in and use my iPhone until I get a chance to charge it -
9481	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works, but I have some reservations about automobile usage.  I would definitely use this if going on a long trip or frequent long commutes if the area was in question.  I've never actually had that issue, so I may opt to get the home adapter kit for this to use at my house.  It's too darn cold outside right not to try this in my car, so I connected it to a USB port on my desktop computer.  I ran the antenna and put it up on the window sill, and my little LG flip phone went from two to four bars.  I wanted to try it on my BLU GSM radio based phone, but without a sim card it showed no bars before or after, but the fact that a six year old phone got a boost was a good sign it does the job.
2885	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	this product does not work properly. The earpiece works; but microphone does not work.
2409	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use while driving. My car is a stick shift so its easier to use when driving. call quality is good. no problems hearing or being heard. very high quality.
5792	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Makes buttons hard to push and the center wheel all but useless. Used it for a day then took it off. I should have gotten one that just covers the back and sides leaving the entire front open.
6844	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	cheap price for batteries. Perfect fit
6922	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The batteries work were purchased to for my pedometer, however the pedometer that I purchased these batteries for hardly works now.
Next, you connect the charger (USB) from the same cradle that the other wire is connected to and plug it in cigarette lighter charger that is supplied.  It's a USB Cord so if you have a dual charger, you can use that which I would recommend so that you can have a power slot still available to charge your phone.
In short, I would call the manufacture and check for phone compatibility first, then make sure you buy through a company with a liberal return policy such as Amazon proper so you don't get stuck with a headset that not satisfy the basic needs of a bluetooth headset.

810	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	the looks were great and it was from Motorola.....so i went and purchased it. but the main problem is that it drops calls after every 12 mins.
2889	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The unit is ok once a call picks up.  Yet isn't the entire point of a range extender is to make the sure call gets answered??  With this unit, that isn't the case.
Puerto Ordaz, Venezuela.
There you have it. This is a permanent and SOLID fix and only takes about 5 minutes. I'm wearing mine right now after i just fixed them. Also you can do this (and I strongly suggest you do) to a set that has not cracked yet, because they WILL NOT CRACK if you do. Just do it exactly in the middle of the band.
Here's what you need to know about limitations.  Even though both devices support the handsfree profile, you only get the headset profile when you pair the HS-850 and a Treo 650.  This would seem to be Treo's issue.  Bottom line is that you have to press the multi-function button to transfer calls, and you can't use some of the advanced handsfree profile features.  This wasn't a big deal to me.
 - - Bluetooth (via my Mac) only browses the memory card as far as I can tell, eg, sees pics only in the memory card
6577	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	UPDATE #2 - weBoost support sent me a new unit to test, and also sent me the optional cup holder mount. I tested the unit again, with MUCH better results this time. You can see from the attached screenshots from my iPhone 6 that the weBoost increased signal strength significantly. The iPhone was sitting in the weBoost in the cup holder on my center console. I took a screenshot before plugging the unit in, and after about 10 seconds of the unit being on with a green status indicator. My phone went from 17% to 45% signal strength according to the FieldTester app.

5109	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this earpiece for its capacity to connect to two bluetooth cell phones, incidentally I also liked this company's CallPod Charger.  When I got the Dragon, I found it extremely uncomfortable to wear.  The rubber earpiece that is supposed to go inside your ear was too stiff for me and after trying to wear this earpiece for 30 min or so I had to take it off.  I contacted their customer service department explaining my complaint and they said they had a fix.  I received in the mail a new ear clip which is the part that goes around the back of the ear.  Since my problem was with the rubber piece that goes inside your ear, this fix did not help me.  I also expected much better sound from this unit, but I got noticeable interference, even when wearing my cell phone on my hip so that there was only 2 feet or so between the Dragon and my cell phone.  I liked the idea of the upgradeable firmware.  I did perform this upgrade, but didn't notice any improvements.  The upgrade process was kinda picky and I had to try many times to get the software to recognize the Dragon.
No problems syncing it with my phone either.
Summary: the MDA has all the potentials of a major league star except the ability/stamina to stick out for more than one inning.  It's a dud, thanks partly to HTC's poor antenna design and/or construction and partly to T-Mobile's poor EDGE and GPRS support.  If you can stand a two-year commitment, go with Sprint's PPC-6700, also made by HTC with the same sliding thumbboard design.  I haven't tried the PPC-6700 yet (cuz I'm pretty much broke now), but online reviews are mostly positive.
the device itself, as well as charge my other devices. No more AC wall adapter.
721	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been using my Jabra headset for a couple of weeks and have been very pleased with it. I bought it primarily for use while driving. It's very comfortable to wear. It has performed extremely well in the car. At times, I've used it at home. The range of the headset is quite good, but I get more static in my apartment. From time to time, I lose connection with my phone. I suspect that it's more a problem with my phone than with the headset...I only wish that the phone would come with a charger for the car as this is where I (and perhaps most people) will use the headset. In any case, I can highly recommend the Jabra headset.
7153	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Adapter works well. Came in new wrapping and looks in good condition. Only concern is that a light hum can be heard from the adapter when connected. It was cheap and a good working product.
I am only taking away one star because it is HUGE.
The pictures are a little misleading - the entire case is clear, the bottom has a fitted rubber shell in it, but the entire structural component is made of the clear plastic. It must be solid enough, which is why it does get four stars, but the feel of it just gives me the impression of a cheap tupperware bin or a child's toy rather than a professional rugged tool.
3773	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Double-stick didn't double-stick...  I may need to revisit the screw-mount options.  Works well electrically.  Works well with high-current devices like radio transmitters.
By the way, I used this with my Blackberry 7100g, good syncing and quick connection.

This phone came with the bonus "double minutes for life" and a rebate. I buy the 1 year plan, the minutes roll over and it all works just fine. The phone itself is quite fine. Compact, nice screen plenty of usable features but it's probably too basic and even laughable for the iPhone crowd. But I just need a phone, not a lifestyle statement.
If you don't mond the bulkyness they are a good buy.

2289	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best headset I have every had.  The comfort is great and so is the clarity.  The fact that it comes with so much makes it unlike any other.  You normally have to purchase all the accessories but they all came with it.  In my opinion, it's your best buy.
876	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Wasn't sure what to expect from these. They're the first pair of BT headphones I've purchased that have the battery resting on my neck. But, man, these are terrific! They last for 2-3hrs of actual playback and the neck piece is actually so light that you forget it is there. The small strings on the earbuds allow my head to turn easily without any pulling whatsoever. Very quick charging time, too.
5404	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Enjoy the convenience of being able to retract after use.  Takes up less space and doesn't get in the way.  Excellent product, works very well!
5.  Software: I have always liked the software on motorola phones. Good amount of choice in ringtones, wallpapers, screensavers with download options too. The networking and connectivity is great and office tools (calendar, calculator etc.) live upto expectations. The only flaw in the phone book (as one reviewer pointed out) is the lack of categories (home, work, mobile etc.)
As a reference, most phone internal battery rated 1100mah to 1500mah. With IMP500, you have 3 to 4 times capacity to power the phone.
9180	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've only had the IMP500 a few weeks but am very pleased with the results thus far.
I bought this for my golf cart.  We'll see how it holds up over time.
2101	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly!

7383	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it gets the job done, basically it does what it was designed to do.. great product at a great price.
Very minor like I've said but I just thought I'd mention it. The pictures that it takes are pretty good as long as there is good lighting.
2600	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I owned this for a few weeks and found that it was a bit uncomfortable when wearing for more than a few minutes.
6233	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	First the battery arrived 3 days ahead of schedule. A very nice surprise.
Unfortunately, moving the antenna did not change anything.  The quick-start installation instructions say the antenna must be mounted at least 6 inches from a window; the user manual suggests 8-10 inches.  Within those parameters, the antenna is as far from the unit as it can be while still being mounted on the roof of my full-size car.
All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.
7586	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bout this for my Galaxy Note 2 w/Anker extended battery attached. It fits great in there. The fit is also nice when just sing the stock battery. The clip holds securely to my parts and the Velcro is extremely strong...and loud, as some have reported, lol.
All in all I love a device that lasts and cyber power made one for me.
Cons:

6091	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Airport has charging stations, but it's hard to use when people are hogging.  The place like a theme park doesn't provide a convenient way to charge with AC nor can't wait around.  iTorch provides a convenient way to charge and has enough capacity (5200mAh) to support most devices to last more than a day.  This is a better solution than buying an extra battery since this will work regardless of the models.  Besides, replacing a battery is a lot of hassle.
7877	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my Bose headphones and it doesn't mess with the quality or anything. Fantastic!
pointer) and additional weight (6.2 oz) but with twice the capacity.

There is no functionality loss from the case. It is designed well and I can access all the buttons of the phone. The clear plastic inner case is form fitted to the keyboard and has a hole where the trackball fits through.
Signal Strength - This phone has the best reception of any phone I have every used.  At home, where my Treo only received about 2 bars, this phone has at least double.
5856	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I liked this phone because the battery life was excellent. Other than that the phone has no real value other than making or receiving phone calls.



The case is pretty well sealed -- the charging contacts are metal strips not a plug, so the only hole is for the microphone.

Now, I should say that I'm a simple person. To me, a cell phone is brilliant if it allows me to make and receive calls(and texts) in the most concise, efficient, inexpensive manner possible. All other features are icing IMO.
1770	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I used it for less than a week and charged it 3 times. On the fourth try the green light disappeared and it wouldn't turn on.


3624	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good Product

819	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	nice

Sound is GREAT

It's a little chunky, but its other dimensions are quite small.
Now to the actual sound quality.  The headset has performed great in all the scenarios we've tried so far.. Which has been in the house while watching TV, In the car with the stereo & windows up & down & in an office environment.  I was most impressed with how it performed while driving, There is no static or any background noise at all and even with the radio and window down, the user can clearly be heard both ways.  Again very impressive.  The only environment we haven't really tried yet was at the store.  I will update once I've tested that as well.
I previously owned a New Trent product for my previous iPhone 4 which I was happy with but lost it but I'm pretty satisfied with this replacement.
With that said, a 2-device charging version came out weeks after I purchased the product, and seeing how well the IMP500 works, I wish that I would have bought the 2-device version instead. Either way, I'm very happy with this product and would recommend it to anyone. I may purchase the more powerful 11,000mAH sibling in the future (which also allows charging of tablets like the iPad), but have no need for it right now.

Qwerty Keyboard makes it easy to send text messages
6337	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to put my cell  phone in to cover it up from the sun when I am at the pool. So far it has done the job.

9385	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After 4 years of travel Camping in our RV, it was time for an upgrade!
5970	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received my New Trent: iTorch charger arrived on time as predicted. It is portable, pocket and user friendly. The only downside to this product is that it does not come with AC wall charger but the device can be charged up with USB charge ports: computer USB ports and USB wall chargers. Other than that I really like this charger and it is powerful enough to charge up my Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3.
Great headset for sound and noise cancellation... The best headset I have used.
4217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought a Jawbone about two months ago after seeing the early reviews and commercials about the noise reduction technology and designer styling. After constantly struggling to have it stay in my ear far enough to hear on it, I'm giving up. I've tried all the ear loops and earpiece attachments, even tried attaching an additional Jabra eargel I read about to help keep it in place and none of them help achieve a snug fit that will stay in my ear. As far as the styling, it seems big and clunky to me, sort of a good looking design in the box, but a bit goofy looking on the ear. I've just ordered my third Plantronics 510, (I lost one and broke one)which is still the best fitting, best performing, and most comfortable for all day wear and heavy use.
6806	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Spend a bit extra and get these over the other cheaper brands.  Much better battery life.
8106	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This stereo bluetooth device works well but there are corded ear buds and a chain, so you have things hanging all over you when using it.  I needed a stereo bluetooth device because my Verizon XV6800 won't play audio through the bluetooth, except phone calls, with a mono device.  I chose this one because the controls are easy to see and use.  I've had trouble in the past remembering how to use the controls on devices that sit on my ear.  This one is very easy to use, but I don't like the cables that have to link the device to my ears.  I'll probably switch to something that goes around my head sometime in the future.  However, if you don't mind the cables, this device works well.  I use it primarily to listen to recorded books.  When a call comes in, it switches automatically.  Sound quality is great.
2509	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my daughter who will use it while at the gym. She just upgraded her iPhone and loves this armband. The aqua color is bright and cheerful. It is made well with quality material. Sometimes Velcro closures aren't my first choice with holding an expensive phone. This one is an excellent choice because it fastens well.
I ordered and received a new case&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samsung-Galaxy-Note-II-2-N7100-I605-L900-I317-T889-Tmobile-All-Version-Reiko-Black-Leather-Pouch-Case-Cover-with-Belt-Clip-Holster-and-Loops/dp/B009RFC4IU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samsung Galaxy Note II 2 N7100 I605 L900 I317 T889 Tmobile All Version Reiko Black Leather Pouch Case Cover with Belt Clip Holster and Loops</a>. My Galaxy Note 2 with Zerolemon battery fits nugly within this case and the magnetic holder just closes. It takes a bit of effort to extract the phone from the case, but I think it will work fine once the faux leather expands a bit. In terms of construction, the clip mechanism appears to be strong and durable. For belt use, there are actually 3 loop sections; I would be very surprised if they tore off with normal use. If there is any weakness (TBD), it might be in the stitched elastic sections that expand to accommodate wider phones. Time will tell...
1522	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Yes, I have three headsets.  I have two for the car, and one for use in the house.  I chose to put the best one, this one, in the car along with a second cheap one, as a backup.  I'm terrible at remembering to charge these guys up!  And I'm too cheap to purchase a car charger...

Bottom Line
UPDATE 01/09/2012
6712	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We have never had too much trouble with our cell phone reception living just outside a busy metropolitan area, but as our cell phones are our ONLY phones, I expect them to function exceptionally well in our home. We have had the same carrier for nearly 10 years and despite all the different phones we have had over the years, we have always had very poor or no reception at all downstairs. I could be talking to my dad with a laundry basket on my hip as I walk down the stairs and about 75% of the time I'll hear that familiar dropped call beep. If the call isn't dropped altogether, my dad is soon complaining that he can barely hear me. We also have issues in the center of the house when we are away from windows. There's nothing like having a phone interview and trying to race around to different windows so the other party can hear me clearly!
I am very impressed with this product and I strongly recommend it.


2156	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this case to protect my new Captivate if I have the urge to take it rafting or to a theme park.
7150	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't provide enough power to many items I tried using it with.
7833	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Its has already had a wire broke some where inside the covering, had to throw away, not worth sending back
2592	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very nice bluetooth, a little bit big for my taste, but very solid feeling and does the job. Very good sound, fits nicely on my ear, and I love the car charger. Other than the slightly large size and look of it, its a great headset!
8272	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been looking at the Otterbox for some time. I have a friend who has one for his Blackberry, and I was concerned about protecting mine from drops and bumps. Also I wanted to keep it from being affected by dust and moisture. The Otterbox Defender Case does all of that. Since I have dropped my Blackberry a few times since I put it in the Otterbox, and have bumped it too. I am doubly glad I purchased it. I would recommend it to any one who owns a Blackberry. Even though I paid extra for the insurance for the phone, this keeps me from having to use it.
Put one on your motor cycle, boat, and plane.  (if thy are 12volt)
To carry around: I feel this is not one to carry around in a pocket with the screen unprotected. Why? The screen is highly polished and I am concerned it might get scratched easily and then look not so cool. Has not happened in my few days of usage, however.

I recommend these without any reservations.  I use them to be
6310	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The stores was too high your was just right. That is the kind i alway wanted and the prize was right
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-Mobile-Freedom-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B00069IQG0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech Mobile Freedom Bluetooth Headset</a>


3539	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, works as intended, awesome price!!!
The first call I received was fairly important, and I told the caller to let me know if they had ANY difficulties hearing me.  During the five minutes we were on, I drove on different surfaces (some quite rough) and was up to 60 mph approximately half of the time.  Towards the end of the call I asked the caller if they'd been able to hear me OK; they wondered what I was talking about and stated that everything had sounded GREAT on their end.
9021	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I own the 12000mAH IMP120D model which I was impressed with and led me to purchase the iTorch IMP52D. The IMP52D is much lighter and smaller which is great for extra portability. It is smaller than my current phone (The Samsung Galaxy Nexus) and complements it nicely  The LED light makes the unit double as a flash light and the laser pointer is a nice touch.
2783	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is the second one they sent me, both are complete trash. After 1 or 2 charge cycles it dies within 5 minutes when fully charged. DO NOT BUY

3. USB power makes the cradle warm. It makes the antenna plug that plugs into the cradle BURNING hot. Can't touch it hot. I use this for about an hour, and then let it cool. Overall, not a huge setback.
Cons:
7694	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This thing is so cute! I hang it off of my nintendo 3ds! The only issue is my son also loves it, and his 18 month old brain insists that he has to eat it whenever he gets a chance.
-stong solid feel

4072	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this cute little guy is from japan. arrived surprisingly quickly for having traveled across an ocean. import/ S&H was $11.00, though, so i would suggest buying more than a couple at a time for that price...
7117	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	nah
Thank you all for taken the time to post a review .
UPDATE 1/8/2014: After 2 years, the product still works GREAT! It has not yet failed on me and still is one of the few items I take with me wherever I go.
I purchased this booster some time ago, Oct 2009. Upon installation, I did not see any improvement. I contacted Wi-Ex and after a few days of bitching, they sent me a new system. The new system was a bit better but still did not do what they claim it to do. I've continued to use this booster for 8 months total now and here is my analysis.
the belt loop either horizontal or vertical as I've had the case come off using the metal clip. I've



cons.  none so far
These Motorola H7XX series seem to have about a 10-16 month lifespan.  And still I love them.  I have used the Motorola warranty right before the 1 year limit and have received either a refurbished or a brand new one which again last about another year or so.  So with that I will drop my overall rating to a 4 STAR.
Basically there are better designed products out there for a lot less.
But it gets the job done. I recommend.

I would purchase this phone again if for nothing else, the price and battery. Those with high expectations of getting more than a basic feature phone your aiming too high.
WRONG!
5 stars because the product does what it is marketed to do.  The antenna is visually innocuous and the set up is easy for me, a moderate technically inclined person.
3461	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This mount does not work well. It looks bad, falls off my window, and is just plain awkward.
As for the fit of the headset, it is very secure on my ear.  Like most others, it hooks over the ear, which makes it fit a bit oddly with sunglasses or eyeglasses, but it isn't uncomfortable.  When I get a new headset/earpiece, one of the first things I do is to put it on and shake my head around a bit to test how securely it fits my ear.  This one didn't budge.  For me, this is a very important factor.  If I can't move my head naturally as needed while driving, then the headset impedes my ability to drive and I won't have that.
I recommend buying a wired antenna that directly connects to your phone.  If you phone doesn't have such a connection, then you may want to look into a different phone because nothing without a direct connection is going to work, and you may want to look into a phone that gets better reception (there are some -- just read the 3rd party reviews).
- Cheap

1761	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works great!  The only issue for me is that the volume cannot go up very high.  This is my first bluetooth, so I can't compare it with others.  Maybe all bluetooths have a pretty low maximum volume.  Reception and battery life are great!
- The Pelican case is considerably less expensive.  You can get two or three or them for what the armband costs.


I have a new Seidio case and stylus on order to take care of these short comings.  A beefier battery might be in order if you are a power user.


8144	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Maybe this charging station would have been nice 5 or 6 years ago before smartphone got larger screens but other than in the larger middle section a phone will not fit. The sections are too small and if the charger has to be plugged in the side rather than in the bottom the phone won't fit even if it is smaller. Definitely NOT worse the price.
2. The phone activates the second that it ships so you are paying charges the whole time even if you never turn the phone on. So if you talk even one second on the phone, you are paying for at least a week of shipment time as well, so if you don't like the phone don't turn it on.
6613	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'd buy it again, it really helps me pull a cell phone signal into m basement, where I had barely one bar and would get lots of dropped calls, now I am pulling 4-5 bars regularly, like when I am outside on the deck, buy it for a basement for sure!
3255	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	My phone fell out the case within 10 seconds of putting it in. There should be some type of guard on top to keep the phone from sliding out. its a nice case but I will not be wearing it as a beltclip.
I have found out by reading reviews, talking to users, talking to many sales people and by evaluating headsets that there is  A LOT OF HYPE FOR HEADSETS THAT JUST PLAIN DO NOT WORK.  So, if you want a low risk/high probability of satisfaction choice, the 510 may be the headset for you.
It fit fairly comfortably on my ear and seems to easily hide, though is a bit cumbersome to put on at first. The multiple earpieces are also a plus. The dual charger/belt clip is an interesting idea, but seems to be poorly executed. It seems somewhat unstable, so I'm not sure I'd actually keep it on my belt. However, it might not be bad for riding around clipped to something inside of my backpack.
2014	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very good. Good battery life, nice mini-USB charging port (convenient), decent sound quality on both ends. Just a bit of crackling, not quite as strong as some other bluetooth signals, when arm or body in the path of the headset and device. And perhaps a little annoying that the bluetooth light is so big and prominent. Also, the button may be a little too easy to press, if it's in the pocket or a case, when you don't want it pressed.
Thank You


BOTTOM LINE:  You need 2 things to get your money's worth from this booster: 1- The ability to follow directions during set-up, including putting some thought into the unit placement, and 2- An existing cell signal somewhere withing 50ish feet.  If you have those, and you need a signal boost, this baby does the trick.
4366	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	buen producto

2761	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very fast shipping and right one Thanks !

But that won't be for a while, wait out the fanboys, Christmas rush, initial overprice lunacy, et cetera.
896	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The sound is really good considering these aren't super pricey earbuds. They are fairly comfortable to wear throughout the day. I have not tried to wear them while working out or running / jogging yet but it seems like they'd feel ok. Battery life has been good. I charged them the first day I got them and have used them for about 6-7 hours over the past week for calls and music and haven't had to charge them yet. They are a little awkward to store away in my backpack or purse as the main piece that sits around your neck is a little bit stiff. I feel afraid of breaking them if I just toss them in my backpack with all my other junk. So far, no breaking though. They seem sturdy.
6992	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	That was so not cool, I searched for a screen protector especifically for my Blackberry 8350i and when it arrives, it doesn't fit my blackberry!!!!! I am so pissed off, they either sent me the wrong product or advertised it wrong. Either way, I didn't take any action because the product is so cheap that it would cost its price to return it and it's too much of a hasle.
The good:


Computer interface: Piece of cake. With a USB connection - you need to install the drivers first, and the documentation sucks - I installed it as a precaution. You can drag and drop files - photos, mp3 and midi tracks to convert to your ring tone (mp3 files suffix needs to be changed, though), probably even word docs and spreadsheets if you must - if you want to use it as a temporary external storage device.

Decent Battery.  I normally charge mine every other day, but I can let it go for several days without having it drain completely.
UPDATE: Wife would not let me on the roof. Installed behind bushes in the front of the house pointing in the direction of my nearest cell tower. This will not boost your entire house, but it will boost any room you install the unit in. When I receive a cell call I go into my den and the reception is perfect. Nice Product. (to find cell towers go to antennasearch dot com.)
5090	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A very well made item that does what it is supposed to do. The  iPod goes in and out easy and plenty of room for earbud storage. Not much more to say.
This charger is also UL listed, which is more than you can say for most of the no-name Chinese chargers being sold. Look up "fire" and "battery charger" on Google to see what happens to some no-name chargers that are not UL (or TUV, CSA, ETL, etc.) listed. To me it's not worth the risk of burning the house down. The no-name Chinese brands have little to lose and everything to gain from selling the most cheaply made products possible. While Lenmar has a significant US presence and can be held liable if one of their products causes property damage if it's poorly designed.
2303	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I want to warn IT professionals that Verizon Wireless phone data email service is inappropriately spoofing sender's email address in messages sent from Motorola Q. This is creating problems with our anti-spam filters and I also believe this is unethical and should be illegal. We recommend against buying phones with this data/email service in our organization.
great screen quality
4113	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really nice Blackberry cover.  It fits like a glove.  Now my Blackberry feels naked without it.  Gives it a nice look and has Blackberry engraved on the back.  Really slick.
2808	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Avoid this seller...I stupidly ignored the other reviews on the longevity of the battery life.  I order two batteries.  Each one took a charge for one day and after that they wouldn't take a charge.  The look like the real thing but the quality is terrible.  Waste of money and time. I won't get suckered into this scam again.
8377	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I dunno what all the hubbub about use with the iPhone is about.  The only problem I have with my iPhone 3Gs is that it does not do forward and back track. That, however is a function of a particular bluetooth profile that the iphone does not support, not Kensington's fault.  I find this to be the a pretty optimal solution regardless of the track buttons. I jump in my car, glance down to make sure it's already repaired, hit the play button on the remote, and the iphone starts playing through my stereo right where I left off.  When I get out of the car, it pauses for me.  If I need to change tracks I reach in my pocket and hold down the home button and use the voice controls via the kensington unit to move to the another track/playlist/artist/album. Switching to incoming calls is seamless as well.
My hope was that the weBoost would fix the problem, give me an extra bar or two of coverage so I could drive around my town without issues. Unfortunately it didn't work out like I expected.
It is also portable (comes with a nice pouch) and doesn't feel obtrusive when I have it in my pocket.
I like that I can sync it with Outlook but it requires some tweaking to get what you want.  Tech support is pretty good but you need to call the 800 number because the sales people don't seem to really know much about it.  In fact one sales rep gave me bad info and I lost some pictures.
4957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to fit in the lifeproof case without having to screw in that stupid adapter everytime.  It worked well in that application and fit the deep pocket of the lifeproof case well.
4081	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the 3rd razr I've ordered off of amazon and by far the best. It's the latest model, great price, it came very fast, and this is the first time I've boughten one of these and it came in a Motorola box sealed, never ever opened,, Brand new,, even had that new phone smell to it....lol..but seriously, great seller,,I know where to go the next time I need a phone.
Would I recommend? ABSOLUTELY.
6505	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We still don't have this thing tuned right and occasonally drp calls after a 6 hour instalation.
Only cons I see are;


DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE OR ANY JABRA DEVICE!
but it was around the time the iTorch had 1/2 -1/4 of battery life left.
8641	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it comes with two pieces: for the external and internal. it fits well, and it feels thick and slick enough where light stratches won't penetrate it. good buy for me
The Good:
If u need to activate a go phone iPhone do this:
To re-iterate, this hub WILL NOT charge your devices unless your PC or laptop is also powered on.
Mute soft button on the handset - it is surprising how many phones do not have a mute button.
My conclusion: After reading other reviews for wireless bluetooth headsets, and using this one, there is no better option than getting this one if you can. You will not regret it!
  2. Purchase a case! Samsung sells a very nice one made for the T809. The screen on this phone will scratch.
Start > Settings > System > Device Information -- as of today, 2.26.10.2 WWE is the newest (6/7/06)
-While flexible it is a tad flimsy, the way the orientation worked out when plugged into the wall and then a power strip plugged into it sometimes it came out. Some work was required to keep it in.


6238	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This device seems to be working fairly well - at first it was confusing and the manual provided minimal information -
10. Bluetooth syncs well with my Mac's Bluetooth, transferring pictures and songs is soo easy.
6142	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	while i didn't use the laser or the light function in my own life, im sure others enjoyed it. others liked it so much i sold it to a friend for 30 bucks
5923	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is MUST OWN product!!  I carry one in my purse and my husband carries one as well.  Not only does it give me peace of mind that I won't be stranded with a dead phone, it works REALLY well!  The size and convenience is unmatched.  I don't know how many times I have let someone use it when their battery is dead and they all want to know where I bought it!  It sells itself!  Great product - one of my faves from New Trent.
- It's form fitting, so much so that I'm afraid to take it off.  There's little give in it, and to take it off requires more force than I'm comfortable using on what amounts to a very expensive and thin layer of glass over a very expensive and thin layer of electronics.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jabra-BT250v-Bluetooth-Headset-with-Vibrating-Alert-Retail-Packaged/dp/B0007UC5U6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jabra BT250v Bluetooth Headset with Vibrating Alert [Retail Packaged</a>]
-Sound: Hard to say, since I must go off of what the other end says. Seems to be good. No complaints while using in the car or even outside (I think the hard foam endpiece helps with wind noise).
6594	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned this piece of property for over 13 years.  I have had less than mediocre cell service.  Dropped calls, missed calls, choppy reception TO SAY THE LEAST.  But with just one bar of service, you can boost your signal with this product to anywhere between 3-5 bars constantly.  This just may save my marriage (LOL).  I don't usually spend the time to leave reviews, but did in this case.  I would TOTALLY recommend this product.  It can take just a little bit of service, and turn it into a lot!!!
2151	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Took this to Hawaii so I could keep my stuff safe while in the water.  It would only fit either my cell phone or my camera, not both (plus some cash, credit cards, keys, coins, etc). My cell phone is small (smaller than iphone), and normal size point-and-shoot camera.  The strap is very uncomfortable though when u go underwater (for a long time, like snorkeling)... the whole thing spins and squeezes your wrist...and it hurts. Other than that, it kept everything dry the whole time.

As it stands and for its asking price, this is a great product which does a great job of bringing my vinyl to life through my stereo.  Very easy to set up, VERY fast shipping, and worry-free performance from the folks at Phonopreamps.com.  I would buy from them again or recommend them to friends getting into vinyl, but as for me I'll move upmarket should this preamp ever fail.
3099	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Not at all universal. Small screens only.
Final verdict:
4037	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I LOST MY ORIGINAL SYNC CABLE.  THIS ONE IS EXACTLY LIKE THE ONE THAT ORIGINALLY CAME WITH MY TREO 650.
I seriously appreciate how the iTorch is USB based so you can charge almost any device. I can't stand proprietary connectors, and really wish everyone would just switch to micro-usb (I'm looking at you Apple, the ipod connector is almost as big as my entire Nano).
It does probably make wearing it for a long time more comfortable.  It is small enough to forget about and since your ear isn't plugged the outside noises sound like it's not there.
-Cannot simultaneously be charged and charge something through the USB port. If you have only one USB / AC adaptor and the IMP500, you must choose to either charge the pack or charge your device. Will not charge with standard mini or micro USB charger, must use proprietary charging cable.
6111	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really a nice Product to get that extra Charge when You really need it so def a must have Product
  It boosts whatever minimal signal there is where you place the outside antenna
So I ended up with the Blackjack.  And I have to say that I'm really enjoying it so far.  The battery life was an issue or so I've read but I've found a way around it.  Just turn off the Bluetooth and you're fine.  Bluetooth eats the battery.  And while I work, I just keep the phone charged via the USB cable.  I have not had a battery issue since.

7192	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Unfortunately, there really isn't any way to know for sure how much life is left in this (ha, ha!) "new" battery.
3083	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	i ordered 2 of these just the other day, they came in a day sooner than expected so shipping was fast, HOWEVER, upon opening the 2 packages both of them were not only scratched very noticeably but one parrot in particular was missing a rubber charge port cover and the speaker was blown horribly and the metal clip that holds it to the visor had been worn down to bare metal and rusted, both box's had the " security seal" showing they were "new" but they were anything but new. i will report back later about how well their customer service is, but as for now because of this kind of neglect i cant even give a real review on the product. what i can tell you from the one that did have a working speaker the volume works very well, and it paired to my iphone on the first try, i was told by the caller on the other end that they couldn't tell that they were on speaker, but did get horrible wind noise when i sat in front of a fan, so running it near your cars a/c or windows down might be an issue for some people including myself. overall i think i'll be returning this product for a full refund and i'll just goto bestbuy and pay twice as much for something i know is new and of good quality...
So, unless I find out this thing is going to kill my phone somehow I will keep my 5 star rating.
- Recess power button so it won't get turned on by accident
Then I got another plastic case that looked more rugged but sure enough, I broke the belt clip the 3rd day I had it by bumping the phone against a table while clipped in.  Luckily the phone didn't drop because I don't know if the case would've held together if it had hit the floor.

5598	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love this item; although I don't use the belt clip I love the way it fits my device. It snuggly fits my palm!!!
2519	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price and great product
The belt clip will not hold the iPhone.  You should be aware that the phone could fall out without your knowledge if you are in a noisy area or in my case a grassy area with a light wind.  I had no idea the phone fell until I turned around and walked back the way I came.

I used to put the set in my pocket between calls.  Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.  I contacted the company and they indicates that this is because if the loop doesn't break, the headset itself would break instead.
stating how long to charge which battery (by amperage) is on the back.
7692	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Most of the negative reviews of this charger are because people were expecting a fully automatic "smart charger" which is unrealistic at this price. But, the good news is, if you have overnight to charge you batteries, most don't need a smart charger. This is a "trickle" charger and, while it takes longer to charge your batteries, there's little risk of leaving the batteries charging for up to several days at a such low rate (for those who don't believe this, check the battery manufacture datasheets). It also won't cause your batteries to heat up, shortening their life, like a fast charger will.
1693	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product

5138	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been  looking for a wireless head phone similar to the one I use at work to walk around the home. I was not concerned about it being used as long as it worked.
4922	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Get what you pay for here. Quality/performance is bad but they all work, at least with some jiggling and pin rotation
4250	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Uggg.
9753	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exact size that I need.
The fact that Verizon forces you to pay to send these crappy videos and photos makes sure that you'll never use the camera (see more below)
-Narrow enough for the phone alone, I use a silicon grip cover ALL (I LOVE IT!) so the phone won't shut with this body case.
As far as sound quality and signature are concerned, this Motorola SF500 is one of the best in the class.  Specially, for the money I paid for ($19 with Lightening deal), it is an awesome BT headphone.  Very refined clear mid and high with decent, tight bass which is not very common at this price range.  Also when I check the built quality, it is solidly built and designed.  I should say that it can be compared to more expensive models of LG or Samsung BT headphones (but I like SF500 Sound quality much more).
* A 5MP camera with autofocus, LED flash, and VGA video recording, Carl Zeiss lens, and a 1/2.5" CCD (same as in most compact digital cameras).  Various shooting modes (macro, night, night portrait, sports, etc...), ISO control, flash control w/red-eye reduction.  Immediately send pictures via bluetooth, email, MMS, etc.
- Seems durable
This is a fun phone with many options. It was 'free' with a 2yr contract re-up on TMobile.com, and the SIM card can go back into my V300 if for some reason durability is an issue down the road. I think as long as you are careful with your Nokia 5300 XpressMusic phone, it will keep you smiling for some time to come.

- This item is really designed to be a PDA first and foremost
2610	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works great and shipped fast.


We then tested the zBoost YX545 cellular booster. Like others who have reviewed this unit. The coax cable which comes with it is a joke, way too thin. So to make a fair test, we used the same coax cable which we used with the Wilson Electronics cellular booster. We installed the zBoost antenna to the existing coax in the same location at the peak of the roof, and the zBoost booster in the living room at the other end. After powering up the unit, this is the coverage we achieved inside the cabin using an iPhone in test mode:

The letters are blocky, so how do you send and receive text messages?  2 years later, and I'm still haven't found out.
The fit around the ear is kind of cheesy. If you don't have it on just right it will flop against the side of your face as you turn your head back and forth. This is especially annoying while driving. If you wear glasses, then you have to somehow get both the glasses and the headset to fit over your ear; not an easy task.
I first noted the signal strengths without the ClearBoost from the five towers (uniformly poor), and then strapped the iPhone into the 'Boost.
  specific feature (Light, Pointer, or Battery Pack Modes) which can take a little trial and
2379	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Samsung WEP200 Bluetooth Wireless Headset arrived promptly, and I was very pleased to discover that it's the GENUINE article !!
The best part about the phone is the intuitive on/off.  When the microphone boom is "folded" out, it turns on.  Fold it back in, and it turns off.  Simple, yes.  But many other headsets require you to push buttons (or hold them down).  This makes using it a snap!
5028	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this item reading reviews of customers and I am very happy with the quality of it. It is on line with expectations.



7291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good phone
4489	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i think this is one of the best bluetooths that has come out in a while
9131	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As a gadget-obsessed, active, outdoors person, I regularly find myself looking for a place to top-off my electronics. For the last two weeks I've been used my iTorch to charge my phone, ipod, tablet, GoPro camera, and usb-powered external speakers while camping, fishing, and playing disc golf. The 5200 maH of extra power has been plenty for what I've needed, and the device is small, light, and easily portable. No negatives experienced yet. I would definitely pay extra for a "tough" model that is water and damage resistant. Not that I'm worried about its durability, but given my outdoor lifestyle, it would be nice to know it won't fail if my backpack gets wet.
1850	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good got it for me and a friend she wanted a cup a cyclone cup she said very fancy
SUGGESTION: In addition to the portable charging, it also has a laser

1333	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	[...]
Nice to have TWO chargers available in the retail packaging (one standard wall outlet adapter and one USB charger).  The carrying case was useless but a nice add nonetheless.



6304	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this right before a 10 hours plane ride where I knew my iPhone battery wouldn't last.  On the flight, I charged up my iPhone twice - fully - and the Imax was still almost full.  This is a really nice little product and I recommend it for anyone who need extra battery life for their iPhone (i.e., everyone!). It's so nice not having to worry about running out of juice.
On a full charge, the 5200mAh battery can recharge both a smartphone and 7" tablet from 5% up to 100%, and have a little left over for topping up. The size of the battery is a great balance between physical size and charging ability.

JIM
It definitely boosts the signal within the room it is installed, and to a limited extent adjacent rooms in the house. The improvement made my cellphone reception go from unusable to functional throughout the house, and in the room - 5 bars on my Samsung/Google phone (and only 4 bars on the iPhone 4S?).
8307	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love the ability to retract the cord. Convenient, takes up less space and works wonderful!

6365	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	would order again the case holds up well with the daily grind of being a pipe fitter, phone stays put.
Two major problems:

5837	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great, syncs right to my garmin vivofit and when i'm done, automatically adds that activity to my garmin connect and lets me view my heart rate throughout my workout, as well as tells me my average heartrate.
iPhone in bedroom 30 feet away:

-This headset is easier to carry with you than a Bluetooth one and no AC adapater charger or battery is required.

5039	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i used it to fit my phone case and it works fine. it turned out to be the color black but its fine with me
It also appears that you can get developers software to write your own java applets from developer motorola com.  So if you're techie - that might be fun.

3570	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my first GPS unit and I love it.  Wish I would have gotten one earlier.
The controls are ok contrary to some of the other reviews here.  The only tricky control is the power button which isn't difficult to access once you take the unit off of your ear.
11	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for my grand-daughters phone. She loves it and it is so unique. The quality of the cover is very good.
PROS:
I was already a bit leery when I saw the company had changed its name, as this rarely if ever spells an improved product from any entity.  Unfortunately my suspicions are confirmed, and what was once one of the best products I ever bought (I have 3  WIlsons) , the quality of these weBoost units seems to have declined severely. I'm returning this one for a refund, not a replacement.
I am so sorry as Motorola usually makes a product that overcomes hardware issues, but they failed this time.

1908	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this headset. Fits well if you adjust it according to instructions. Clear sound. Slightly on the quiet side, not bad. The best point is it takes AAA batteries so they are easy to replace. I had mine for 2 years before I lost it. Good price. Synchs well with my razor.
I wish CHINESE crap would stay in china....
Conclusion
1275	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The headset is flimsy, which wouldn't be a big deal, but the moving part (the flip-out boom) is sure to break at some point. I will never buy a headset with a moving part again.

I like this new Treo 650, as to all my handheld gadgets, I bought a fitted case to protect it. If you like me want to keep everything in perfectly nice looking condition, I recommad a case and a screen protector. Remember, this is a hefty investment comparable to a PC, this Treo 650 may even be your home phone, make sure it is well-protected.

7214	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked great
5016	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	All around good adapter if you have one of the waterproof cases.  It does tend to come apart hence the 4 stars.
8363	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I confess to being skeptical ahead of time (so many of these types of products don't work) BUT this product really does work.  Generally I pick up an extra 'two bars' of signal reception in weak areas.  In one location, where the phonehad  just dropped out and reported no signal, I was able to get two bars with 3G.  This unit is for a car but I also tried it out at my cabin that has virtually no AT&T coverage (occasionally a text message sneaks through but you can't even send a text).  As I was testing it a call came in that I was able to answer and then I did an internet search.  I've already ordered a larger unit for the cabin.

* Excellent build quality
7903	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
8373	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	With my Palm Pre being the gateway to my audio content, I was growing tired of using a cable to hook it up to my Bluetooth-less vehicle. This was the cheapest solution for my needs (new car or new stereo are both too pricey today), as I wasn't expecting to take many calls...especially after hearing the reviews regarding the mic. Installation was pretty easy. I already had a ground loop isolator and it worked well with the LiquidAUX. One aspect of the installation was getting the remote to work. It seems that my unit needed to have the spring tension increased, so I lifted the spring (it was relatively flat) up a bit. Its been working ever since (a week now).

9845	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product was over expected than i thought.  It was the best among the best.  I didn't regret at all.

This was the first headset I found where the headset could actually be a few feet away from my phone and I could still hear everything clearly (and well as the other party hearing me in non-windy conditions.) The unit is small and easy to put in my pocket. Securing in the ear takes a few pushes and pulls, but it does stay secure. Sound quality isn't super rich but nevertheless clear. I haven't used the headset more than a few times a week, so I can't comment on the battery longevity as I am not a heavy user (and I can comfortable charge it once per week.)
Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!
4407	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I will not recommand this world sim card,ti is wast of money.i tried to use it in europe,very poor connection.
8145	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This really helps with wire congestion on the kitchen counter.  Use a standard extention cord, not a muli-tap as there is not enough room inside the compartment.  Plug the extention cord into a wall mounted surge protector if you want to.  Soft, so it will not scratch wood tables.
73	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This case is afordable and yes it peels very easy but thats to be expected because its a dollor. I bought mine from Electromaster. It snaps on fine for me but if I were to drop my phone the phone would be fine but the case would surely be done for. its only a dollar so do not get your hopes up. it looks great but its for show not for protection. if you want your phone to be protected go the extra mile for an outter box
I love that it can be flexibly used as either full-stereo headphones or a basic mono headset. Sometimes I want the former, but the latter is all I need to listen to podcasts as I walk to work.
Not bad of a response for such a great price.



Using the headset is no brainer basically.  There 3 buttons; Main call/multi button & Volume up & down buttons.  Pressing these buttons in various combos will yield different results like mute, hold, transfer, 3-way, etc. The retail package comes with a handy fold out that has all the functions and how to access them.
* Other S60-specific applications include Nokia's Internet Radio to stream live radio streams, "RotateMe" to automatically rotate the screen depending on your phone orientation, "Fring" mobile Skype/AIM/MSN/Google Talk/etc.. client, Google Maps with GPS support, Google home screen search applet, Mobile Weather app, "ExtGPS" to share the internal GPS information over bluetooth (e.g. to the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nokia-N800-Internet-Tablet/dp/B000MK4GGM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nokia N800 Internet Tablet</a>), YouTube player, emTube (also for YouTube access), etc.
5175	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Very nice looking, easy to use.
9114	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The imp 52 gave me just about 3 dead to full charges which was to be expected based on the MAH of my cell phone battery, and the capacity of the power pack. The pack is very small and portable with curved edges making it very pocket friendly.
2474	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	very big and uncomfortable!!
You still have a  year warranty from Motorola just in case.
It's JUNK

615	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its more than I expected, looks nice. I set this up in my home office and looks great. I recommend it.
8129	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well and helps keep things organized, looks clean too!
No annoying wires from your phone to your ears. I was always tangled up in the ones that came with the phone.


345	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it, maintains power much longer than some of the other brands I have used in the past. This type of battery is the way to go and would recommend to anyone.
Make sure the devise touches your cheek - which is simple.
The only thing I did not like was the micro-usb connection. I like to have everything charge with the same cord so I had to go out and buy a Mini-USB to Micro-USB adapter. It was only and extra $5, including shipping, but it is something that Motorola should include in the box.
8048	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	There aren't many case options available for the Lumia 800.

8. No dropped calls!
The speaker could have better amplification. In loud environments like my old car, the headset's loudest volume is just a little bit weak. I think this is partly due to imperfect earphone fit. The power switch is tiny and it's not always immediately obvious whether I've switched it on or off. These two shortcomings keep it from being a perfect 5 stars.
I did still put it on my screen even though it doesn't fit (too big) and amazingly it still didn't fall off and looks very transparent and it's very protecting. If this fit my phone it would've been the best product ever because the quality of this thing is very good.
4885	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It actually works!  I can hear clearly and it connects and disconnects with ease....Buy this headset.  Just wish it came with a car charger? Works on 2 phones and thats a real plus for me.
3209	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Had zero effect. My windows must already allow enough signal through for this to not make a difference. Bought it for the back of my place because I get full bars right outside on the patio, and almost none inside (I live in a concrete apartment). If I put the phone in the same place I had this, I get good reception, but this didn't extend my signal any, or act as a repeater. Didn't seem to help in the car either, but I don't really need it there.
device and the cost. I appreciate the size of the IMP52D and the extra
5.  Props to Plantronics.  By pressing the volume + key as you turn the unit on, the blinking blue light gets turned off (and on), this is important to me because people look like Cyborgs walking around blue blinking in public (not professional at all).
5945	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	With this 5200mAh external battery you can use it to charge up your mobile device. I've had iphones since the beginning of time and towards the end of the life of the phone needed a power boost. I'd plug this in to the phone and it would help me to hold a charge for hours.
Length wise, for just storing those 2 items it's a bit big, but at the same time its not big enough for me to squeeze my wallet in there as well.
But when I put it on my note, i realized the benefit of having high grip sides. It was easier to hold my phone now, less likely to slip.
I would have given 5 stars if it wasn't for these Cons:
8320	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very satisfied overall with this product.  It looks great and comes in a variety of colors!  Slides on with ease and doesn't dimenish the integrity of the phones design.  The only down fall of this product is that the cover makes it difficult to use in my holster due to a tight fit.  I can't speak for all holsters though and I don't use my holster extensively so I switch back and fourth to accommodate whatever the occasion.  Highly recommended!
Pros:
7735	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Loved this blue tooth. Easy to work. No back ground noises to have to hear. And my husband was able to use it driving truck, Would recommend this to others.
Wireless Provider:  H20 Wireless [the store was named Page Plus]
5191	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for about 2 years and it is the best. Range, battery life, durability (I accidentally washed it) are terrific!  Dogtag IS geeky but I  usually keep it in my pocket with my iPod in my purse. I just recently tried it with my iMac and it paired quickly. I have found that iPod/iPad headset ports tend to "wear out" so this avoids wear and tear on my expensive gadgets. Latest use...iPad sits on kitchen counter playing video or Netflix while I roam around the kitchen listening and watching while making dinner.
There's not much covering for exterior, so if I put a single shot of BB through it, it'll probably render it unusable, which is a whole lot better than that being "usable" but being a piece of garbage that frustrates.  Not it'll be just a piece of garbage.

3310	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	work great Thanks

4294	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the 2nd bluetooth speakerphone that I've purchased for my car, after also owning 4 bluetooth headsets. The headsets don't work for me. I previously owned a Parrot Minikit, which worked reasonably well for over 3 years, then suddenly died -- although it was working, sound could be neither transmitted or heard through it's speaker. I purchased this unit after reading consistently positive reviews, and got a killer price for an open box unit. Here's my thoughts: the sound quality is better than the Parrot on both ends. The Parrot has better volume with the built-in speaker, but using the T505 over my car stereo is totally awesome. The battery life seems to be pretty good. I'm going right now on my 2nd week without a charge using it daily. Pairing is easy. The auto-pairing when powered off and on works quickly and without a hitch. The text-to-speech voice dialing, which is really a function of the phone not the T505, is OK (I'm using an LG Env2). I usually dial out on the phone, and receive calls using the T505. The control layout is pretty good, and the indicator lights are actually useful. The manual is surprisingly well written. All in all, I am pleased with this unit and would recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality speakerphone for the car.
Lastly, your phone slides in to the cradle and the sides of the cradle are flexible so my iPhone 5 snugs right in.  There are no actual wires attached to the phone.  It just goes in the cradle and the cradle has two cords attached to it.
Takes forEVER to charge.  Allow at least 4 hours every time.
Overall this Bluetooth Headset offers excellent sound quality (as good as you get with the LG Electronics Tone+ HBS-730) but overall it's very poorly and unintuitively designed compared with the LG Electronics Tone+ HBS-730 and does not have as good, seamless and versatile connectivity
7. The manual reads like stereo instructions ("Thanks for buying this piece of...") and doesn't tell you anything useful at all.
Allow for export of web bookmarks.
Improvements?  Make it finger print proof.
I also like using the voice command option on my phone which is great while driving. I just issue my command ... CALL [whoever] and it repeats my command then dials. Everyone says my voice is clear and there is no distortion. I can hear everyone just fine except those cell phones who should get a H710 with Noise Cancellation so I can hear them clearly. :)

5047	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	An adapter like this is a must-have if you own an iPhone 5 external battery case.  These cases extend about a half inch below the bottom of the iPhone, which creates problems for connecting headsets.
It simply does not fit. With quality control like this, I will think twice before buying anything from this vendor.

4093	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best clip I have ever owned for a phone.  I love the magnectic closure, makes it SO much easier to get the phone in and out.  I don't wear my phone all the time, but when I am I hardly notice the clip at all.  It does what it is supposed to do (hold the phone), and gets out of my way.  I love it.
Thanks!
1. Why Micro-usb ?  It's not that much smaller than mini-usb - mini seems more sturdy and micro-usb feels uhm, plasticky and fragile...
4786	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works great.

So, here we have a device that sells for roughly $80 and -- it appears to me -- outperforms the Bluetooth hands-free system designed into my high-end German car by fanatical Teutonic engineers.  This is remarkable to me, and the Jabra continues to impress.
1111	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was exactly the part I needed to help wire my dashcam to my fuse box in my truck (along with a "Add-a-Circuit" splitter).
6652	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Installed this at an employee's house and it boosts signal from 1 to 4 bars throughout the whole house.  It is definitely worth the price if you are suffering from low cell signal at your home/small office.
8514	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This whole package does not work well. The charge is intermittent - it won't charge my phone. For a piece of equipment that costs considerably more than a standard charger the performance is quite unacceptable. To be clear, I'm talking about the charger and tips, not just the tip. I would not recommend this.
GOOD RECEPTION: You can mount it near or on a window to get what the company calls "good" reception. This is what I did. We live in Northern Minnesota and I was concerned with how the adverse cold weather here (ice storms, hail, snow and below zero temps) would damage the casing of the receiver. Also if I was to mount it outside, the signal might be affected if layers of ice and snow gathered on top of it. This also kept me from having to run a coax cable outside.

7438	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Loving it. Clearly sound on calls, long live battery and comfort ear hock. I trust all of Motorola Bluetooth Headset.
Pairs fine with my Mac and you can turn off the blue light if needed. Charger is a small flip-prong type and reasonable at 2 hours to charge. Battery talk time is good although it's unclear what type of battery it has internally. The audio cues are fairly logical.


4016	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I used to get the leather horizontal cases but I had to keep replacing them as the sides kept getting caught while getting in and out of the car. This case is a sturdy web material with a multi level Velcro closure and a strong metal clip for either through a belt or over belt/pants waist. I found my MyTouch 4G phone was a little smaller than this case so I cut some of the foam material that was in it to hold the shape and put it in the bottom to lift the phone up a bit and it was perfect. My stylus went easily into the holder on the side of the case, a first for me to have a spot for one.
45	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	so cute love this...one drop and its done though...i dropped iton the bathroom floor and it cracked. other then that item is very cute
281	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT BATTERY LIFE SO FAR !!!
my phone three times before having to plug the battery pack in to recharge


839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Sound quality is not perfect but good enough.
Edit: 9/2/14
-very comparable, or outperforms, most other bluetooth headsets for sound quality sound for both ends

After I lost it, I splurged and bought a Blueant Q1. That one is OK but still has its issues with earpieces and apparently with construction.

This is must-have item if you ever are traveling or anywhere where power supplies are limited. I highly recommend this product.
5321	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great and is a cheap alternative from having to try and find and buy specific nike+ shoes
1171	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great hub.  it's a plug in, which is actually a plus because it came power larger items too.  I have not had any dead usb ports.
I spent weeks trying to find a 2nd gen charger without having to pay full price ($20-30). The problem was that a lot of reviews for the cheaper versions made it seem like it wouldn't work or would quickly break.

9508	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am pleased with this product!  Without it, we'd have to stand on a corner of our driveway to use our cellphones, but now we can do it from the convenience of our home.
7760	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I used to have a plantronics, but it would give me issues. Like if you do not have the phone on the same side as your body, it would sound messed up. But this one, is amazing works perfect, I mean seriously I could not have asked for a better one.
1845	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pretty cool. No problems so far.
Good Luck in your own quest for perfection. (Nerdvana?)

3281	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I liked it but would not buy it again, it just isn't what I expected but just not buy again.


4063	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is a piece of junk.  This is a waste of money.  This is not worth buying.  Look elsewhere.  Junk.
-I like the double press laser activation (kids have been chasing the red dot like cats :D)
4599	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Super cute.  My mom collects S&P shakers and loved these.
3856	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice case for my dad's flip phone. Tight fit and we'll made.


Either way, this is a no brainer purchase for those that want to get their 2nd gen shuffles working again.
still showed a status of "full" after charging the iPhone. I feel this is a beautiful compact, external power source
*State of the art voice commands (including dialing)
Positives:
5254	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Unlike the other person that reviewed - I DO OWN THIS SKIN.  It's a very nice quality silicone skin and fits my 16 GB iPod Touch like a custom made glove - just like it should.  Good price too!

Otherwise, it has the usual features. It has an alarm, calculator, calendar, to do list, MMS, SMS, you can download ringtones (which is a big help since some of the ringtones sound pretty crappy), as well as games and pictures. Pretty much all the usual stuff is in this phone.. except you won't find bluetooth on this.


Overall the phone is nice, and as a Mac user I purchased Missing Sync in order to work my iCal and Address Book- it's been more reliable to my Treo 700p... by folds.
And once I had to clear the memory (read how online at moto website).this was when I'd upgraded to a new phone and had too many devices paired, I think.
6930	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Had 4 watches that needed batteries and even though I don't use them every day I still like to have them working just in case I need it for a particular outfit. Its been a few months and my watch is still going. Item arrived over USPS in good time and condition.
7632	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this headset with high expectations.  I took my time.  I compared and contrasted.  I read all the reviews.  I thought I had made a great purchase.

3328	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	great cables
2655	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	No puedo opinar de un producto que pague y nunca me llego ,o sea me dieron atolillo con el dedo ,porque el costo para el vendedor es tan poco que no se hace responsable de perdidas ,un fiasco completo.


Otherwise BT reception is splendid; I can lay the Ariaz down on a table and wander throughout my large studio apartment without any breakup or interference.
The only caveat I would list is that if your car has a long sloping windshield you may find the extension not quite long enough to bring the phone within reach. You may be able to compensate for this by mounting it up higher. I drive a Jeep Wrangler and it has a pretty vertical windshield so I don't have this problem.
8183	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The item got to my house quick and it was on perfect condition. It works and I like it! So much better than paying 25 bucks in AT&T store!


Fourth, the Bluetooth. Motorola has come a long way to improve their implementation, and though it is not as full featured as Sony Ericsson's, it is almost unshakable in its stability. (Sony Ericsson has the reverse trend. The T616 had great Bluetooth, the S710a's was unstable. The new W600 and W900 are equally unstable.) Range is excellent, too.
PROS:
1) Texting and phonebook are weak.  The phone's display is "e-ink", and is limited to 2 lines of 6 characters at a time. (It looks like you are reading a calculator).  If you don't mind scrolling through 12 letters at a time, it's possible to text, but it's not easy.  I wouldn't use this phone to send or receive texts except in an emergency.  Similarly, there is a basic phonebook, but once you store more than a few dozen numbers, it's hard to get much use out of it.
The screen resolution is also good but not fantastic. The memo recorder could have used much more memory.
How is that possible? I purchased a 4 GB SD chip for a REASON, Motorola! This phone was rated #5 on CNET's "Best Cell Phones" catagory!
**OVERALL: Worth the price, does the job it says it will, adjusts to fit basically any size interior, will likely interfere with a middle seat shoulder belt (if it comes out of the ceiling, as in Subarus), won't fall over if installed right, might scar your car's ceiling, will need ~monthly re-tightenings, and is generally a pain in the ass to take in and out.

8901	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am a tester for New Trent -- They sent me this, and I loved how it slid right into my pocket.  It comes with a soft bag case, but I find I never use those.
8138	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Took two orders to get an intact charging station but if you can get a good one, these are awesome. The bottom slot is good for holding tablets or odds and ends like keys, and the top areas fit most phones. The smaller ones on the side fit my iPhone 5 no problem.

Notes:
- It only have different beep sound for different cases. It took me awhile to know what it means. Why does it say some short sentences to make it more user-friendly
5499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Received this item today and I'm already dissatisfied with it.  Really cheap material and phone barely fits in, definitely has to go in without any case.  As I stated in the title, the case is different than the one in the picture.  The headphone jack hole on the case is really small and the edge was applying to much pressure to the headphone jack so I had to cut it with some scissors.  It's a little hard to press the home button and you completely lose the volume, mute, and power buttons, as they are completely covered by the case.  Overall you get what you pay for I guess.  While it serves the purpose for now, I will definitely have to buy another arm band later.  Not worth the money.  Didn't want to bother with the hassle of returning it, so I took the liberty of modifying it to make it work as much as possible.  I would definitely recommend spending a little more on another arm band.
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.
3999	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	use for every where
5372	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been looking at the Otterbox for some time. I have a friend who has one for his Blackberry, and I was concerned about protecting mine from drops and bumps. Also I wanted to keep it from being affected by dust and moisture. The Otterbox Defender Case does all of that. Since I have dropped my Blackberry a few times since I put it in the Otterbox, and have bumped it too. I am doubly glad I purchased it. I would recommend it to any one who owns a Blackberry. Even though I paid extra for the insurance for the phone, this keeps me from having to use it.

5366	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had ordered another case & holster & was quite dissappointed. Had heard many positive comments about the OtterBox Defender with Holster, so I bought it. I am very happy with it. Of course, it adds some weight & bulk, but small price to pay for protection. The holster has operated well allowing me to insert the phone facing out or in and providing an easy, secure & handy way to keep it with me at all times. The only slight drawback is that the film covering does not fit firmly against the keys contributing to errors in typing sometimes. (But I'm not a perfect typist anyway) All said, I wouldn't give it up & would buy it again in a minute if ii was necessasy.




it does add a bit of bulk to the case but it's been worth it to me.


- Easy to pair - in my case with a Razr and a Blackberry.

In addition to the poor reliability, the Jawbone has the additional problems:
Unfortunately, my buds just broke (volume in one ear dropped).  I looked around for alternatives but nothing looks that great (I have used similar Moto and LG earbud headsets).  And at this price, I am happy to buy again.
3633	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Was looking for this type of case for a long time. I have many electronic I can used this with. And all of them fits nice. They are protective and easy accessible for charging. I wish they cold design one that can stand.
9588	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is the only kit that our local electronics store carried so we gave it a try. I mounted the reciever antenna in my attic, and used the 30 foot cable to the gain adjuster box, and to the black antenna.
5233	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent
1538	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	i bought this one because of the excellent review, however, after pairing it to my Treo 650 and using it for a couple of days, i'm quite disappointed.  The sound quality is ok, sound level is on the low side and some noises from time to time.  i had a Samsung WEP200 too and had better quality than this one, and Samsung WEP200 is about half of the price of this.  then there is the usability issue too, sometimes i hear the phone ringing, and pushed the button to accept the call and it wouldn't connect right away, had to wait several seconds to establish the link, the Samsung WEP200 and another Motorola ear piece i had did not have this problem.

1956	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Working fine inside control panel of home security system.  Have not had the system complain.

5794	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery takes about 3-5 cycles to get to its capacity. I cycled it down 3 times to about 7% before full charging. Now I can go about 2-3 days even with email polling every 30 min on 2 accounts, internet usage and average calls. Highly recommend this item.
5310	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It looks nice and lets me carry bills and credit cards with IDs. At most, I can hold up to 5 or 6 cards.
headset as being compatable with the 3650, it might actually work.
1603	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had a Motorala BT set before but it wouldn't stay on my ear and I could barely hear the person talking to me.  This Plantronics, however, stays on my ear nicely and the volume controls are easy to use and on the right spot. I can talk hours on a single charge, and it doesn't drain the day lights out of my phone. I drive a manual transmission car and having this set really makes my daily drive productive and much safer.
5070	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this phone about 6 months and for the most part I really like it.  Good sound quality including the speaker phone.  I like being able to pickup my email when I'm away from home.  Charges much faster than my previous phones and seems to hold a charge for quite a while.
3078	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Much prettier than the picture shows. Keeps garlic fresh for a very long time. I can put two very large or three smaller heads of garlic comfortably in this keeper. I keep it on my counter because it's actually a decorator piece in my kitchen. Beautiful as well as functional.

Here is my feedback:

5768	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I rate this 5 stars - for what I needed it does a great job.  I was looking for something I could sit on my desk and charge my iPhone 3GS with a case on it.  It also does a good job at allowing you to push the iPhone buttons and not feel like you are going to break off the adapter.  I have a JBL On Stage Speaker/cradle and I have to take my phone out of the case and when I go to change songs and I touch the face, I have to be very careful.  But that is a different story (I love the sound of that and rate it highly but again that is a different story).  I don't know anything about the syncing problems that others have had.  What I like about it is the adapter is not fixed.  It can be plugged into the phone and then slightly leans back into the base.  It looks like the base would accomodate almost any type of case around your iPhone (you really need to protect your iPhone with a case).  I have a nice CaseMate leather case (again this is for a different review) and the Seidio works great with it on.  My wife has a clamshell plastic case and it handles it too.  So if you are looking for a nice cradle/dock, give this one a look.  I am totally pleased.  I don't write many reviews either.
oh well

9192	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just picked up one of these so the next time I go to a convention and use my !@#$% smart phone all day I won't find myself getting a low battery alert. Right now I've got my Bold plugged in to this toy, running a frakking movie and running Bluetooth and the thing is still charging the battery! The dingus comes with a plethora of adapters for different devices. As long as what you have can take power from a USB port (that's +5 VDC to the uninitiated), this baby can power it. Worth $40!
1264	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this blue tooth. The boom mic that swings up out of the way, also turns it off and on. No more holding the button down just the right way for just the right length of time to turn it on! The ear piece also folds down which makes it easy to get on in the "mid" position. Very comfortable. Headset is light and I have actually forgotten I have it on. Fits well with my glasses ear piece also. Reversible for either ear. It will recognize the phone up to 30 ft away...I tried it! Crystal clear sound on both ends. Even when driving! Battery power (length of charge) is awesome. I've had it on for 2 days straight and it still had a full charge. Charges up fast also with the included charger. I've had other bluetooth devices and this is my absolute favorite. Price is right also.


2022	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	WOrks great with my blackberry 7100i and I bought the case for it too.  I use it only for driving or when I'm walking around so it's good for my purposes. And it does work with the D/C feature on the Blackberry Nextell phone I just need to hold the button when I use it.  Great item; lightweight; finally figured out how to use it over my ear and now I have no problems. Highly recommended.
Great design
As a test, I walked nearly 30 feet away from my phone and my music wasn't interrupted.  About 33-35 feet is the range limit.

I hope this is helpful because the rest of the unit functions as expected! I still recommend it to let you walk about with your phone and have headsets on..:)
3968	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a great item. I bought this one for my daughter and I can hear her very well. She has no air conditioner in her car so even with the window down I can hear her. This connects automatically when she gets in the car. Her whole contact list was automatically downloaded into the blue ant and all she does is dial the number and talk. Shes much safer on the road now.
I phoned Cobra tech support and they were no help, except to suggest returning it.

I wanted a device that (besides running my Windows Mobile apps) is a phone, an MP3 player, syncs my calendar and contacts, and receives emails. I don't care much about watching movies or taking pictures with this device, so I won't comment on that. The phone part is just ok - reception is generally lower than with my previous Cingular phone. On a train ride from Boston to NYC there were only a few select spots with enough coverage to make a call, but not for long enough to have a conversation. I thoroughly miss a calling card management function. I can use a calling card by typing in the call-in number, my code and the actual number, separated by waits, into the contact information (it allows for enough characters to do that), but then my calling card information is unproteced. I use a calling card for international calls and the lack of this feature is a nuisance. My old Nokia had a really intelligent solution for it.
9833	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i used these batteries to replace the old ones in my Casio Pathfinder watch. you have to watch what you're doing but it was a piece of cake.

3863	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I ordered this case for my sister who has a flip phone and she was very happy with it very durable and sturdy..Fits phone just right and so far holding up...
219	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great no problem. I like that it charges mine note 3 n my husband's galaxy 4 phone. No longer have to keep different chargers in each vehicle
My only draw back was they don't last that long. About every six months to a year, we would have to buy another. They would quite working in one way or another.

9949	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	no problems
I seriously appreciate how the iTorch is USB based so you can charge almost any device. I can't stand proprietary connectors, and really wish everyone would just switch to micro-usb (I'm looking at you Apple, the ipod connector is almost as big as my entire Nano).
4449	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is good product, it lasts over a very long period of time, the price is unbelievable, it is good to have .

4120	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset looks very nice and it also works very good, the only thing that is that it's a little bit bigger than other headsets in the market, but it's still a very good product

Obviously the equipment has some serious limitations.  However considering how intolerable poor reception can be in certain situations. the weBoost EQO makes a gallant effort to bring up signal strength.  Installed properly, assuming one has a better signal at the window, one can expect a modest boost in signal quality within the range of the indoor antenna.
As a portable battery pack, this performs excellently and has helped me and my coworkers equally as well. I take it everywhere and has performed marvelously. I will be looking to New Trent first when I need another battery backup.

236	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Got this 2 weeks ago and finally got a cheap cover from Dollar store to replace it.
1323	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The craftmenship of this product is great. I have two family members who love this case for their RAZR'S. I just bought a RAZR and I ordered this case as well. You can't find a better case out there.
2405	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have owned the headset for over 2 months and the battery life is very very poor and it does fall out of the ear from time to time but i can deal with that and not the battery life, you will be lucky if it gives you an hour of talk time, do your self a favor and don't waste your money, yes it looks very sleek and nice but if i knew the battery life is this bad i would have never spend the money.
9300	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	the case is very nice. The think the black doesnt go very well with the gray on the voyager and is bulky. But the case fit great and the item arrive in time. But is a nice case for the price.

features (flashlight and laser pointer), and affordable. Now just to pick
2613	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The pros:
5535	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have dropped my phone a couple of times on hard surfaces with no damage.  I would highly recommend.

After getting an e-mail from Nokia saying that I would need to bring it into a Nokia center to have my phone evaluated, I decided I would rather exchange it for a new one since it was still brand new.  Hopefully it was a problem with Quality Control and the new N95 8gb I get will be working.
SE:10/10 Shine: 5/10
As for the Kindle - it has a great battery life, but it is great to have a backup should you forget to charge it. I read about this trick on a Kindle blog - and I bought the USB Sync Charge Cable (for Palm Zire 31 72 Tungsten E) and I now use this adapter cable to connect to the battery pack and it successfully charges my kindle! I love it when I get multifunction out of a unit!
6197	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this for a long flight, used it to power my Galaxy S 4" Player, It works like a charm I get an average of 2.5 charges out of it. Holds charge good, the torchlight comes in handy, the laser pointer is pretty much useless (to me anyway), the supplied usb chord is durable but a little bit bulky. During the charging of a device it does get a little warm. When charging the unit it self it gets a little warmer, but that is expected.
I use this with ease while laying tile to talking while lying in bed. The sound quality is very good. People on the other end can hear me better than with my Palm Treo 700p mike. Sound cancellation tech works very well. I don't charge it every day and battery life has never been a problem.
1615	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best heaset yet for me having tried two other Motorola flavors. This headset is extremely comfortable in that often I actually forget I have it on. Performance is also great - Good noise/wind isolation with good clarity. I highly recommend the 510.
5415	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered one for my moto Q9c and the cig. adpator did not work at all. No light, no charge.
Pros:
637	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	... but after several thousand miles and almost as many pot-holes my 60csx is still firmly attached to the handlebars of my Harley.  I've been tying the wrist strap to the mirror "just in case" but it's been over the worst terrain Colorado, Wyoming and South Dakota have to offer without ever popping loose.
The WEP410 comes with a handy plastic carrying case that doubles as a charger.  It took less than 2 hours to completely charge, which is half the time it takes for me to charge my Logitech headset. The battery life of about 4 hours talk-time is more than enough for my limited use and I have yet to recharge it in the 3 weeks I've been using it.  Be careful with the case however.  If you lose it, you will not be able to charge your headset.
- Relatively small in size


1001	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	loveem
9317	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	great
Trashed it
6150	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Slim and solid build. Chargers my phone multiple times. laser pointer and led light are useful. I bought another to give as a gift.
I've searched high and low for 3rd party apps, plug-ins, scripts, etc. to enable the a707 on Mac but to no avail.  Samsung should be embarrassed but then again, maybe they just don't give a rip.  If you have a Windows box, you'll more than likely feel this phone is okay - you'll have to get the software and cable separately (of course) but at least you can sync up your information.  For those of us in the Apple world, save your money for the iPhone - it will solve all your woes.

I have some issues with ATT customer service, but that's another review...
642	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product
I would definitely advise others to stay away from this item. Also, Plantronics would not give any assistance and would only refer me to the retailer, zero customer assistance is not a good thing.
Hard to imagine how it could possibly fall off as reported in some other reviews.  Seems very secure to me.  (but I believe them- I guess the product plastic must have broken)
4 stars.
It seemed strange to me why the black version was 50-$100 more expensive (and popular) than the silver one, which raises the question, why make the silver version?
I spent twenty minutes on the ATT web site, trying to discover what parts of the US use 850 or 1900 mHz, and could not find any information. I suspect it's there, but I couldn't dig it up.
  I get worried when these newer type chargers run so hot and this one is no exception, but it kept me running for four days, charging quickly so I could keep up my schedule.  It charges quickly, but hot and seems to charge my Apple iphone faster than the Apple iphones wall wart chargers.




The holster is much stronger than I expected, with high impact plastic and a strong ratcheting swivel clip.  It stays in place and is easy to slide the phone into without having to look at the holster.  The magnet in the holster also turns off your screen for you to save batteries and prevent accidental button presses.
Also interesting that when I told them I had relieved the loop problem with a custom bent paper clip, they never asked to see it.  They don't seem interested in improving the feel of this product on the ear.


+compact, ergonomic design.
9680	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Original
8662	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Be careful, this battery is erratic and occasionally just drops in juice without reason.  I've had mine for a year now and just last week I couldn't close my blackberry case and was wondering why. All the grooves in the case seemed to match..but then I noticed that my Seidio battery was slightly bloated and fatter.  I think it's gonna explode if I'm not careful.  I have put my OEM battery back in, despite the lower mAh and will try to get some replacement from Seidio, which I doubt.
8537	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm not sure what happened to iGo in Radio Shack but it's gone.  I have several of these in my vehicles and love them.  The tip works perfectly for my Motorola Droid X.
8311	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this charger i bought for my mom she is a neat freak and, this helps her keep her car nice and clean, it really works and does a great job charging phone
Buttons become excessively hard to push, also due to how hard the case is.
I highly recommend it.
Then I considered Aliph's Jawbone, some other plantronics models and finally landed on Motorola models. While reading the reviews, though there are other models in motorola like 715, 721 etc., this model 710 released earlier seem to have got best comments. ONce I got it, I am very pleased to use this considering my bad experience with other headphones:
3532	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It was received whern it was expected

1280	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the 2nd HS850 I own. I always kept the first one I owned in the car and decided I wanted to keep one in the house also.  So I bought the H700 (the newer, smaller unit from Motorola).  I figured since I liked my HS850, I would "upgrade" to the H700.  What a mistake!!  I gave that one away and bought myself a 2nd HS850.  I find this unit is so much more comfotable and just works so much nicer than the newer version.  Bottom line, I own 2 of these and LOVE them both.

7946	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works well with my iPhone and the case that is on it. Needed it for a set of speakers that had a bigger 3.5 mm headphone jack.  It is exactly what I wanted.


7283	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very Pleased
4789	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great gift and price. Use this for alot of electroincs. The price beat any store in my area they didn't even carry this porduct. Thanks .
 A) highly adjustable ARM which can be bent so that your phone faces you while the suction mount is out of view. Arm is long enough so that you can set your phone exactly where you want it to be.


3074	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the case is heavy and semi-rigid for protection. it is 2 sides - 1 for scanner, 1 for cord. it zips up nice and tight. scanner is protected and it is easy to pack.  also great for storing the scanner between uses. am really glad i got this. feel much better travelling with scanner now.

Con's:
-No voice command software included (multiple options available for purchase though)
- You have to take it out every time you need to take out the SIM or battery. Although it takes about 10 seconds to get it on, it can also be a real hassle if you need to do this often.

7830	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great adapter that I have in my car to connect my phone to the standard AUX cable, which does not directly plug into my iPhone 4GS, unless I remove the protective cover every time.

The only reason I gave this a 4 star instead of 5 is because you can really only put the phone into the case one way. You must put it in, camera up, with the back of the phone toward you. Since the Droid X unlike most phones is fatter at the top, you must put it in bottom first. By putting the back of the phone toward you the camera goes over the waste clip, and the magnet snap closes properly.
As far as I can tell this does not "boost" the signal; it simply transfers a stronger signal from one location to another without any measurable amplification.
The OEM Shop -- what a joke for a name for the last one since clearly they KNOW they are selling counterfeit batteries.
234	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Great feel for a case however as a charging case it fails, would not completely charge the phone would shut off after 5 Minutes  I had to return. Sad because I really enjoyed the feel and look of the case.
377	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been using this for a couple of months and I really like it.  Much longer battery life without adding too much size to the phone.
The Motorola 710 is light, easy on the ear, and works very well for my uses.

4195	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I consider myself a pretty tech savvy person, so I will admit that using the headset is extremely simple and should be for even novices. I don't have the  problems that most people have with the earbuds or earhooks. Most complaints are because the earhooks break. If you read the directions, it is very easy to use and they shouldn't break. There are standard and long earhooks for left and right ears. If you use the left earhook in your right ear, it will probably break because it is not contoured to fit that particular ear. The earbuds, however, are a different story. It took some testing to find the one that is most comfortable, but is very simple, again, if you read the instructions. Pairing and connectivity are incredibly simple. The only reason I gave the product a 4-star rating instead of 5 is because I have the phone (Samsung U740) in my left pocket almost all of the time and wear the headset in my right ear. The earpiece looses connection a lot and is aggravating. The simple solution would be to relocate the phone, which I do, but I would have thought the signal would be stronger. If there aren't any obstructions, I can talk on the headset 20ft away from the phone before I get a little static. Very good product and I would recommend it to anyone.
- Carry-case included. Awesome!
  -Surprisingly she can read texts, she just can't send them.  So I can text her, she just can't text me back.


2412	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We did a lot of reviewing of purchaser comments prior to buying this model. Had another manufacturers product and it was not good, so didn't want to get burned again. We really like this one but as with other purchasers we are still finding the best way to get it to stay in your ear. It is so small it takes some trial and error. May end up getting an over the ear clip for it.

you just stick the button to your case and then slip the clip on it or take it off if you like, the button stays.  it also acts as a little stand for my smartphone.  the clip turns in any directon, so it works well for me.  i bought 6 packs, for any new phone i might get and one for my ipod touch.
9823	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These batteries are so expensive when you buy them one by one.  Buying them on Amazon makes it easier to keep them around and more affordable.
pros:

2567	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does what it needs to do at an excellent price.  Fits well, seems rigid enough to prevent some damage, and the kickstand is a nice touch.  I don't know how well the kickstand will hold up over time, but works well.  The ridge around the front allows me to put the phone face down without it touching a table.  The case is pretty compact and still fits into the Smart Dock, although it prevents HDMI from registering.  So it charges and goes into dock mode, but doesn't seem to sit down far enough to engage the HDMI.
Neutral:
Otherwise an excellent case, it protect my iPhone without fail. With openings for all buttons and ports as well as the camera, theres very little that can now damage this phone. Contour even though of what would happen in case of a fall and included hard rubber around the perimeter and back to lessen the impact. In order to not block the sensor above the receiver, some extra space is left at the top.
850 fills in the 'rural gaps' in The States. 900 allows for roaming in New Zealand and Australia. Whereas both T-Mobile and Cingular operate on GSM frequencies and therefore can offer world phones, Cingular operates on the 850 and T-Mobile on 900. They allow each other to use their frequencies for instances where they don't provide a needed frequency... provided you device is equipped w/ both 850 & 900 mhz as is the Motorola V330.
This has military grade noise cancellation, something you will not find with the majority of other headsets. The only other thing that you may run across is when there is wind, it completely drowns out the ability to hear or for the other person to hear you, so you have to use your hand to protect from the wind when outside. Other headsets of lower quality seem to be able to handle the wind a little better, even though there is still a lot of noise and you have to wait till you're out of the wind or use your hand to protect the speaker.
9452	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I use Verizon 4G LTE and I read a lot of reviews for this product before buying.  A lot of reviews said that it worked with their Verizon 4G LTE and that this product no longer gets hot which is why I bought this.  It gets extremely hot, and my signal doesn't get better or worse when I use this product.  I had to remove the brackets completely since I suppose they were designed to hold small flip phones or something, because there is no way my Samsung Galaxy could fit in this thing. I wanted to return this product but they wanted to charge me a 20% restocking fee so I figured I would make sure I am using it correctly.  I wanted to give them a chance since I travel for worked and used it in a lot of different places and my signal never got worse or better when using this product.  The signal strength on my phone remained exactly the same.  This device also kills your vehicle's battery very quickly since I suppose it uses a lot of wattage which is why it gets so hot.  I suppose it works for different networks even though they claim it works for all of them.  If you asked me I would say that this company is a scam, and I am not that type of person to throw around false labels.  Especially since they renamed this product and charge a restocking fee, they probably are aware it doesn't work and will pack up and leave once the word gets out that this product doesn't work.

The screens are plastic, not titanium or kevlar. They should get scratched over time, and they should peel eventually. The purpose of screens is to prevent scractches that occur during regular usage. This can include dust or particles that get INSIDE your carrying case, accidently placing your phone face down on a counter, rubbing against things in your pocket etc.
For now, anther Samsung, the G600, although not available for sale in the US, seems to have a better camera (in some reviews outperforming the N95 and k850i), as well as quad-band GSM support.  (It is otherwise a low-end phone though, without e.g. 3G).

1) Space - I had plenty of space behind/beside the radio for the unit and extra wiring. I have an SUV (2006 Chevy TrailBlazer) so your mileage may vary.
6201	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch charges up quickly and was able to charge my new Samsung Galaxy S3 from about 15% battery life to full charge three times before needed to be recharged itself.  I also love the builtin laser pointer and flash light.  Device is solidly built, packs a big charge for such a small device and I like that I can use my own single micro USB cable to charge the device and use the device to charge my phones and other devices.  I highly recommend this product.
Cons:

Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!
8294	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it was exactly what was shown on the site, the fit was great also. It was worth every penny I spent

117	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been using Amazon for all by phone and tablet needs - the last one quit working - so far so good on this one.

* Excellent incoming sound both volume & quality. The sound quality was as good as the phone internal speaker.
-slim profile and comes with a protective pouch.
However, if you still want to jump into the trap, there is a way to beat their stealing:
(3) Significantly improves voice and data signal quality;
8899	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The battery is small and fairly easy to carry. It has a laser pointer which is nice. I found it could charge my phone about 1.5 - 2 times before needing to be recharged.
All in all, I like the unit.  It is definitely more compact than the NT52D, and has the pointer and LED light as well.  Much better for travel.  I'd say of the 3 that I do have (NT52D, NT600C, and this one), I'd buy this one if I was only going to get one of the three.  If it had the extra features like the NT600C as well, it would be perfect.
6088	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've tried external battery chargers that take 2 AA batteries, but with the latest batch of electronics they just don't seem to have enough current to charge these devices.  I started looking for replacement chargers and came upon this particular model.  It seemed to have a small enough profile to allow it to travel almost anywhere I go without adding additional weight but still packing enough of a punch to recharge my phone or other electronic devices that are on the verge of dying.  This device has saved me a few times while I have been out on the trail where my phone is constantly searching for a cell signal which in turn drains my battery fast.
Functionality of datebook limited (ex. can't repeat item for a limited number of days)
4503	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	<div id="video-block-R167MZB0NUVOPD" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1A-7JkSXjS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81ilUXSV-AS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">

9253	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very nice belt pouch. Kind of hard to get on belt but otherwise very nice.
3004	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this with a bundle order I had and at first, I was unsure how good it was going to be. I recieved it and didn't have high expectations, but once I got it on my phone...I WAS BLOWN AWAY. This little piece of film is amazing. I've had it on my phone for about a month now, and I have 0 scratches. The mirror effect really is just like a mirror. It's fantastic. I'm planning on buying one for my husband since he has the same phone, and just a crappy screen protector from Walmart. This one is so cheap, and worth so much more than they charge for it. I love it. =)
2792	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I Don't have 21 words to say about this! I like it and it all worked as it should. great!

  b.  Quickly Charges my cellphone, ipod, and bluetooth headset
There is a new version called the Z9i, which claims to have better/more options for multiple devices.  I don't know if this limitation about having to turn off the current device has been fixed, however.
but there's one big minus: very short battery, only lasts about 3 hours under hifi mode, but I am not surprised considering small size, though I want to have 5 hours or more battery
7177	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ok
7605	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	As described - A very basic pocket type case for a phone.
Sprint stores do not sell a replacement Stylus, and neither do CompUSA or Best Buy. Memory card must be purchased separately.
I would never recommend buying this headset or any other made by Aliph.
The ability to switch seamlessly between phone lines with a signle headset is a great concept. The headset is comfortable and the recharge cradle is easy to use.
7551	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Initially appeared to be a sturdy pouch-- there seems to be a 'design fault' in that option for vertical OR horizontal leaves it 'saggy' and likely to catch on things, ripping stitching...would be MUCH better/more secure  if  just vertical
Headset volume is loud, louder than most / Its adjustable so this is a good thing.


5) Easily applied.
9854	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	the Arms on this will not adjust properly, so unless you drive a buss or something with vertical windows prepare for the glare. the suction cup failed regularly as well, i did send this back and was refunded and went and purchased a different griffin mount that works great!

949	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good sound, can here all the nuances of the music just like you were there in person. Much better than any of the ear buds I have been using plus I'm free to leave my phone on the charger while I go around the house doing what I need to with no worry about missing a call!
1) Carefully put the protector over the actual screen to get the *exact* measurements of the screen on the grid.  Then cut the film and grid to the correct size.
4287	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was actually suprised how well it worked. Would definetly reccomend it to anyone intersted. Note to Amazon!! Don't ask for review and then dictate how many words it must be. Next time I'll just pass.
824	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fits an sounds very clear

First off, the design of it looks a bit off-putting.  It uses military-grade noise reduction technology and the look of the headset makes me believe that this particular headset may have been originally intended for such use.  It's not exactly the most attractive headset out there - definitely not the most feminine.
Excellent Video recorder
3) Fit - Stays paired and stays in my ear for hours at a time. Does it hurt? Heck, even my ears can't stand canalphones. I stand at 6 feet and yet I have the earcanals of a 5 year old, I guess. I don't have a problem using this set all day, but my ears are still a bit sore. Still, this is much better than other models I've used (JX10 - I'm still looking at you!). For the record, I'm using the smallest gel. The WEP200 gives you three different sizes.
7404	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i love it and help me . thanks sealer you have a good stuf so good and good quility. thanks
* The battery pack recharges in a reasonable amount of time (6-7 hours based on my experience) - Note, I didn't discharge the battery pack completely (since it is supposed to be bad for Li Ion batteries)



5432	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I went from an N95 to this phone and I am not disappointed. From the great camera to the available applications, it works very well. Battery life is excellent and I have dropped it a couple times on hard surface with little obvious scratches. Signal quality is great anywhere you find yourself. The only thing I don't like as much is the predictive text feature. T9 is better and easy to use.
***** Besides credit number and you cell phone ID, give them all FAKE information. ****
3935	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Wow. I love a strong shower. Despite being a large shower head with a lot of nozzles (so you stay warm and get really wet!), and despite not having great water pressure in my home, this has made showers so much more pleasurable again. Changing nothing else in the plumbing, just the shower head, my showers went from weak to refreshing. And no problem rinsing shampoo or conditioner out of thick hair either.
4259	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well designed quality Bluetooth device. Very easy to set up and pair with both smartphones and tablets.  Good Sound - Very Good Value.
6085	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I took a cross country road trip by myself and dog which took a day and a half.  There was something wrong with my phone charger wires so I wasn't able to fully charge my phone in the car or outlets.  So I was unable to use my phone in the last hours of my trip, since it was completely dead.  Even though I made the trip safely I knew I needed some kind of external battery charger, so I bought this.  I'm very pleased.  It's very sleek and does the job.  The wire fits my Nokia N8 perfectly and works fine with our iPads and iPhones.  I like the red laser but I do have trouble turning on the flash light.  But practice makes perfect so I know that would stay a problem.  I keep it in my car but I can keep it in my pocket since its so sleek and a good size for pockets.  I recommend this.
Built like a tank (durable)
5588	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just received this compact VHF radio and was very pleased.  My last radio has lasted for 9 years and is still working, i just needed a second one.  This one is very light weight, has easy WX radio channel for weather, and comes with a DC power charger.  Only problem- it didn't come with an AC charger.  But the rechargable AAA batteries could be recharged in any such AC charger.



Great Connection

Well-built with a quality feel
3322	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok
9811	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrived very quickly in good packaging.  I was quickly able to replace the battery in my Wife's watch.  A good product.
1964	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good product
2) Instructions are clear and concise. Will perform as indicated when installed as per instructions


7522	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	satisfied
3943	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this product to replace a BT-500V, which has been discontinued.  In a nutshell, it is pretty awesome.
 Pros:
Otherwise very satisfied.

I have had this for a few years now-  and it will STILL fully charge my iPhone several times before it needs to be recharged itself.
* The iPhone is almost entirely about "sex appeal": Polished, slim, with a large screen for viewing content, multi-touch user interface (we've all seen how to zoom in and out using finger pinches, do inertial scrolling through a list of contacts, etc).  As such, it is very big on "usability".  The N95 is not even a touch-screen device.  (Personally I actually prefer "hard" keys w/tactile feedback; having used the touch-screen based Motorola A1200 MING in the past.  Touch screens are not very good for, for example, dialing a number without looking at the screen).
8842	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This charger is pretty light and compact and packs a good charge.  I like the built in flashlight as well.  It comes in handy.
5408	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great little charger... and I love the retractable cord.  I don't like to have a bunch of cords laying around in the compartments of my car and this tucks away neatly.  I'm very pleased.
4915	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Will not stay in headphone jack

2823	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect way to travel with my zune and keep it protected
There is a LOUD *POP* at the beginning and end of each songs - that means two loud pops between tracks. It usually cuts off the first half-second of the song. Every time I push buttons to navigate the menus on the phone, there is the same LOUD *POP*. Between songs, there is a pause - sometimes short, sometimes long, and sometimes it is stuck until I push some buttons.
"Disappointing" just doesn't do it justice.
For a relatively low-end camera phone, its performance is surprisingly good despite the nonexistent support. Since this phone is often heavily discounted or free when signing a contract, it is well worth considering.


No problems here.
9859	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. It actually sticks... if you use it right. I bought it in the fall when it was cold and at first it wouldn't stick for any length of time. It would fall off at random times. I had heard great things about this product, and thought maybe it was a temperature-related problem. When I tried it again in the spring, it was somewhat better, but it would still fall off eventually. Then, I moved it from the side of the windshield to the center. Wow, what a difference! It has fallen once in the 4 months since, but I might not have tightened it properly. I think the side of my windshield is just too curved.
2374	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I just recently bought my fourth WEP200.  This is a great headset.  Everyone I've bought it for loves its.  Its small, discrete and stays in  your ear.  Takes a bit to figure out how to put it in your ear.  But once it is in, it stays in.  Very easy to connect with my phones: LGVX9700, LGVX9400, Samsung SCH-a950, Samsung U550, LGVX8500.  Great buy.  Should have bought more than 1 when it was 4.99 after 20 mir.
2927	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excelent service and product
9041	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So far it has worked very well I can get about 1 and 1/2 charges or my phone which is perfect.
The packaging was professional, as I expected.  The unit had a charge, so what does any person do?  I plugged my iPhone into it and started charging it.  I know that was a knee jerk reaction of being excited to get my new toy!  I have a second iPhone that I drained the battery to 1%...time to REALLy test out my new toy.  So, from a fully drained iPhone I plugged in my fully charged iTorch Charger with LED Light and Laser Pointer!  To say I was amazed would be an understatement.....I came back in 38 minutes and it was sitting at full charge!!  Now, that is what I call awesome!  So, later that night I actually opened the instruction manual - - -yes, I am one of those guys!  I figured out how to actually use the laser pointer and flashlight.  I was thinking to myself, "when am I actually going to use the laser pointer or flashlight?"  You never would have guessed, but I woke up later that night and had the iTorch Charger with LED Light and Laser Pointer sitting on my night stand and instead of turning on the light and take the chance of waking my wife, I grabbed the iTorch Charger with LED Light and Laser Pointer and used the flashlight and it worked great!
Clear even with distance
 Built-in Flashlight
2763	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought but never used.... the original is still working.. maybe I will use it someday,.
3031	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this adapter to install an aftermarket radio into my 2004 GMC Envoy.  It was very easy to install and works as described.  The "chime" that it replaces the factory chime with is a bit awkward sounding at first, but it isn't all that bad.
Next up was Metro, it too didn't offer a solution.  I was bummed and had finally given up when I was driving and saw a random hole-in-the-wall cell phone place. I figured one more [final] try can't hurt.  Walked in and immediately, him:  "oh you have a Firefly, I haven't seen those in years."  It felt like I heard angels singing and bright lights shining down on this young man.  Me: "I love you!"  lol
Keep you folks posted on the NMO upgrade
I can make & receive phone calls with and without this device.  I was hoping that my coverage would increase and provide consistent 3G data capabilities that are very inconsistent.  However; I can not even send MMS with my phone right next to the device, even though the signal bars jump to '3-bars' showing a signal strength of -65db on 3G
4577	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this about 4 or 5 months ago from Amazon (BargainCell) for less than a dollar +plus shipping; followed the instructions - cleaned the iphone, wiped it clean with the given cloth and applied the screen. Screen goes in very nicely and no air bubbles. It has been more than four months and the screen still has no air bubbles and is protecting the screen very well.

Excellent sound quality - with as well as without speakers
9538	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had to return it because it did not meet my application.  In our home which is 3 stories,  it did not boost the cell phone range well.

3839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item was also purchased as a gift and the person who received it is very pleased indeed.
1511	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset could be a bit more comfortable (or could it? I don't even like wearing the earbuds for my ipod), but isn't too bad.  I like wearing it for long car trips when I don't want to search for and fumble with my phone if I get an important call.  It's very easy to use--just hit the button on the headset to answer a call--and it holds a charge for a ridiculously long time (especially if you don't talk nonstop).  Overall, I'm satisfied and am buying a second one for a gift.
Lets face it as a young dutch man straight out of college (read cheap/frugal, cares about his technological appeal, and on a budget) So in short I wanted to protect my cell phone for pennies on the dollar. My quite reasonable expectations for this product were as follows.
2565	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great protecting and good quality. Fits nice and kickstand hasn't broke yet. Use it all the time for watching videos. I'm always sad when I want to watch videos and have another case with no stand on it.
6913	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great deal on these batteries. So far I have no issue with it. The ones I received are all good and work as expected. Much better deal than my neighborhood R.Shack store.
7937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work well at all, was so quite I could not listen to anything.  Must have really thin wires or something.  I also ordered some black ones from eForCity, they look the same, but are black instead of white, and they worked great.
3831	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works for most part plus I'm through Verizon where these are meant for GSM networks like at and t works usually when I get phone calls don't always work when I get text but I like it and I'm happy with it would still buy again oh and battery can be changed in this!!!
I am very impressed with this product and I strongly recommend it.

7671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I picked these headsets up today at my local Comp USA(Tiger Direct store). I needed them because Apple came out with 3.0 for my i Touch which turned on the Bluetooth . Now I can listen to music directly without wires. these headsets paired up with my HP xv5220us laptop, Acer Aspire one, and my i Touch easily. The sound is good and the range is 25 to 30 feet away. I have been wearing them for over an hour and they are comfortable. I only charged them for about 45 mins so I don't know yet how long the charge lasts. I paid $29.95 for them which is a good price.
* Laser pointer (see note 1 below)
7890	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Beware, you will not get the item that is pictured.  You will get some sort of iPhone recessed port adapter (kinda like the Belkin one) but not nearly as good as the one in the picture.
*Cons*
Features: SE wins hands down. Read the features at each phone's respective website; I won't waste your time here. The LG Shine is the most basic of phones. The only thing its got over the SE is 3G. The Shine is all looks.
Overall, not bad. More functions available on the headset than my Plantronics (The Plantronics doesn't offer second call answer feature for call waiting unless you use the phone). Volume and clarity not as good as my 510 was; still looking for the "Holy Grail" of headsets that will have the volume, clarity and fit of the Plantronics 510, won't disconnect randomly and won't have the charging problems I had with the 510. This is a nice compromise for now, I'm still looking!
8874	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this external battery to charge my ipod touch for 2 years, and I've found it to be indispensable. I can get numerous charges out of one fully recharged battery pack, and it's so compact that I can pop it in my purse so that I'm never without power for my device. It charges the device quickly, too -- possibly even faster than charging the device in a wall outlet (though I've never actually tested that theory).
The H710 is extremely comfortable.  It hangs on your ear which I much prefer to in ear devices.  I can wear it for many hours and can barely tell it's there.  Before buying this headset I tried the H800. I tried the H800 (thinking it would be better) and I didn't care for it because it was uncomfortable.  The H800 hangs on the ear but has a little nub that goes in the ear which I found annoying.  The function button on the H710 is well placed over the center of the ear so when you press it the headset doesn't move.  On the H800 the button is shifted toward the back and since the headset kept moving it kept falling off and was hard to press.
5450	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I went to Big Bend national park with this product.  I was using the wilson amplified car cradle and wilson trucker antenna in addition to the amplifier.  No verizon bars at all without the amplifier, but once I placed my phone (droid bionic) in the amplified cradle and turned on the amp I had 2 bars (1X) and was able to make calls.  In addition my wife was able to use here Iphone on ATT with success as well. Data was extremely slow since it was 1X but still worked though intermittently.  Inside the city you won't notice a difference with it on or not, but out in the middle of nowhere where you are in a fringe area it will make all the difference.  Keep in mind that it will not amplify a signal that does not exist, its not going to pull in a signal from a tower that is 50 miles away.  The only thing I found disappointing is that the inside antenna only worked if the phone was within 4 or 5 inches of it, and full signal only when the phone was actually touching it.  I just ditched the inside antenna that came with the amp and replaced it with the wilson cradle I bought separately, it was a perfect fit and works well with the amplifier.  I believe that the cradle has the same electronics as the indoor antenna except that it was the suction cup and cradle arms to hold the phone in place.  I give it 4 stars only because the inside antenna didn't work as well as I would have liked, otherwise I would have give it 5 stars.


Another problem I have with this is you can clearly see that this holster was designed for the phone cradle function.  The case is so thick that the phone cant detect the magnet on the holster.

Summary? LOVE the case, would totally recommend it to anyone and everyone! Why 4 out of 5 stars? Because even though it's awesome, $20 is still too much in my opinion for a case...any case. But hey, if the price doesn't scare you off, then go for it! I promise you won't regret it!


5201	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This Jabra Bluetooth set has exceeded my expectations after reading other reviews I was not sure if I should buy this. I took the plunge and just love it! The ear buds are nice they do block out the wind and background noises. Conversations are crystal clear and everyone I have talked to using this no one has complained about noise or anything they say our conversations are very clear. Music sounds wonderful I feel like I am right there with the band. One thing I did not know was why the right earpiece was much longer than the left, there was no indication in the manual as to why and after posting questions on the web asking if anyone know why I found out that the right earpiece wraps around behind the neck and into the ear. I just love this Bluetooth!
9746	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good price
Good sound quality, comfortable fit.  Although the microphone extends as a boom, I never use it extended.  The quality and comfort are just fine without it extended.
1637	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	big headset, not as small as some of the others but better sound quality than the one I tested. The battery last for a full day almost... I don't have a huge number of calls but on a busy day the headset will be dead by the evening. So if you are a big talker, it might be a problem. However, a lot of other headset suffer from the same thing. Overall I am pleased with the product.
All in all a good idea that was not executed correctly.

743	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok
I suggest using this case with the screen protectors available at the APPLE store.
All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.
7606	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits the iPhone snugly but comfortably and will work great will traveling.
5003	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
We installed the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster first. The yagi directional antenna was installed at the roof peak and the booster with inside antenna installed next to the TV in the living room. After powering up the unit, this is the coverage we achieved inside the cabin using an iPhone in test mode:
As with any product, there are things that can be improved: Now, I realize I'm way older than Virgin Mobile's young, hip, computer savvy target market, and that the Wildcard is not a Smart Phone - but the phone could be more intuitive.  For instance, the process of setting up contacts is fine, however, I wish managing contacts were less cumbersome.  I would love to be able to have something like 1-touch texting cuz as it stands now, I can click my handy-dandy quick text button on the phone, yes, but I still have to enter the phone number of the the contact I want to text - each time.


None I could see.  Earns a comfortable 5 stars!
7230	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received the phone as promised.  This model is probably a european model.  So far this phone,  I have not issues so far yet.  I can text and make calls but cannot go on the internet or send multimedia messages.  It might have to do with the sim card that I have since it is a 3G card.  I have full bars with this phone a brick building so I cant complain because the main phone function is to make calls only which is perfect.  I'll update this review at a later day to let everyone know how this phone holds up.
- Relatively small in size
2506	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this primarily to use with Skype.  It works mostly good, and it is b3etter than the H820 that I own.  However, with Skype the quality drops a little bit.  I am sort of satisfied with it, but I still get static sometimes.  The Bluetooth connector that came with it will not connect.  I had to buy a "cheap" bluetooth connector by Logitechg.

3235	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Both of them were damaged at the top right. there was a dent. so i can't really use it right now. I am screenprotector-less.
58	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The case is not white, its more of a silver. It's still a very pretty case- it fit my phone perfectly. It took too long to arrive.
9193	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!
In use it worked pretty well, though a couple of minor issues.

Jabra Bt 125 good for being so inexpensive
-Design is so smooth...you'll drop it if you're not careful.
8866	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It was great, but now it doesn't retain juice. don't waste your money, get the anker astro 10000 mAh instead.
4497	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've used the Voyager 855 for about 15 hours and I am pleased with the purchase. I use it with an Iphone 3G while working out. For me having the headphone cables out of the picture is worth the drop in music quality. I get some pauses in the music if I don't turn off the WiFi on the Iphone. I get the impression the phone gets too busy to keep the music playing. The noise cancellation is not very good on the out-bound portion of phone calls, but I don't use the phone that much while working out. (No one wants to hear that much heavy breathing.) For the price it is a great buy.

7164	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Reeceived my order before date given. It works well. A little bulky compared to the newer model that I have.
4946	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this piece in both black and white to match the cases I have. They are great, easy to use and very convinient.

The screen is crystal clear and good for viewing video and images. BTW, I thought it gets scratched quite easily, but that's just the plastic screen protector. I removed the screen protector and the screen stays scratch free even after I put the phone in my trouser pocket along with my keys.

I've tried a half-dozen BT headsets from Jabras to Logitechs to Motorolas and they have either failed in the essential purpose of remaining on my ear where they belong when I'm wearing them, have been horribly uncomfortable when worn all day, or their reception bites - to the point that if the phone is in the wrong pocket you can't hear anything.

2575	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this for my wife and she did not like it. She said that it was cheap looking and that the pouch would not stay on her pants unless she was wearing a belt.
If you google this model, you will find out that this model is not durable.
8098	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have an AT&T HTC Fuze phone and the Jabra BT-3030 works perfectly with this phone.  The earbuds are a lot higher quality than I expected.  Several things impress me about this unit.  The microphone on the dog tag picks up my voice very well, despite haning on my neck.  The controls work very well when playing music on the phone.  The distance the unit works from the phone is excellent as well.  I am partially hard of hearing and several of the people I talk to using this phone are also hard of hearing, yet, they hear me quite well and I can hear them clearly and easily as well.  I highly recommend this BT-3030 headset for anyone.  I am ordering a 2nd so one can charge while I am using the other.


  I can go on and on, but you said to  keep it short :). Thanks for a beautiful, well built, much needed product.
Battery life is average - about 2 days after moderate to heavy usage (other than calling)
1. Volume buttons are not easy to reach once the unit is fitted in your ear.
The price is good and if you wear it in silent places where you stand a chance of hearing through it then it's almost usable but I've gotten Motorola 500 headsets for about the same price on Amazon and they work much better and are comfortable as opposed to painful.
Neutral:
48	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is very pretty.  It is very girly looking.  The only problem is it will be hard to put the case in a jeans pocket because the bow does stick out.  It would not be a problem for me as I carry mine in my purse, but my daughters put their phones in their pockets.  Shipping was as described.
2632	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received this phone about 2 months ago and am very pleased with its photo capabilities. The 3.2 mp photos it produces, both indoors and outside, are good enough in most instances for printing as well as emailing. I've found it very convenient to have the capability to take reasonably good pictures available in combination with my phone. I carry the phone in a soft plastic case used for reading glasses and it fits perfectly and protects the phone from scratches. While it is longer than my old LG clamshell, it is thinner and therefore more comfortable to carry around in my pocket. The included USB cable makes downloading photos very quick and easy. The only thing I dislike about the phone is that the lens cover does not lock in place and seems to work its way to the open position frequently. While this causes the phone to go into "picture taking mode" temporarily, it quickly goes back into sleep mode while in its case and does not exhaust the battery. As it is protected in its case I don't really have any concerns about damage to the lens, however, it would be nice if the lens cover locked a little more securely.
The only reason I don't give it a full 5 stars is because between the ball chain and cables it gets a bit cumbersome putting it on and taking it off but I might work a system out that might be better. Right now I actually just loop the cable for the right earbud down and feed the cable through so all I have is the loop of cable to put over my head.
The negatives I have is that the keys are way to small for the phone.  I am an average sized male and my hands are not huge, but I have some issues with hitting the wrong keys.  Additionally, the keyboard area of the phone is very creaky; when you press the keys it makes creaking sounds.  The phone can be slow with some operations, specifically zooming into pictures and opening the picture gallery.  Lastly, the built-in accelerometer is finicky and often the screen will switch from portrait to landscape when you do not want it to, but NOT when you actually want it to.
- Weak battery life.  With mixed web browsing and talking, the battery lasted just over a day.
This is a well-designed and well-constructed case and I highly recommend it.
7669	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I drove over my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H715-Black-Universal-Bluetooth-Handsfree-Headset-with-Travel-Charger-and-Car-Charger/dp/B001VT8F8I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H715 Black Universal Bluetooth Handsfree Headset with Travel Charger and Car Charger</a>&nbsp;one morning and was forced to switch to the Sennheiser as I had bought one to test for my wife.
Being so small, it hangs from a ball link chain (see pic) or from your zipper if you want. It charges via a USB adapter. Linking it with the a120s is NOT mentioned in the documentation, but here's how it's done:
2841	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The case is perfect to store my 120gb Zune, along with extra power, adapters, earphones, etc and still keep them safe and padded for convenient travel and carry-on.
4282	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I can hear them but they can't hear me very well. I've had complaints.
Very tempted to get another when I upgrade to the iPhone 5.
9983	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great design. Retaining the slide feature while protecting the screen and allowing me to answer calls quickly with the quick release clip is a wonderful thing. Yes, the plastic covering the screen could scratch easy if dropped in a parking lot, etc but I would gladly buy 3 of these in 2 years if it protects the actual phone from scratches. Would definitely buy again at this price!
6446	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	compact but troublesome to use, uncofortable in the ear and poor reception.  I decided to give it away since it doesn't function like it should
We've gone through sony erricsons, nokia, blackberry's, other motorola models.
sorry bout it :)


1599	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I work for Verizon Wireless in their tech support department and I have yet to use a better Bluetooth headset. I've owned 4 over the last year; a Jabra, a Motorola, this one and another Plantronics. And I've used several different ones over time in the testing process, and this is easily the best I've used. The earlier Plantronics was also very good as well. The Jabra didn't have very good noise-reduction and the Motorola was a terrible purchase altogether. But this headset I can say with ease is superb. Great sound, it picks up very little in the way of ambient noise, and the charge lasts forever, seemingly!
1)  Get cell phone for which you know how to enable DEBUG mode and get an actual NUMBER for the signal strength it is receiving.

One time when I was trying to get it to work, and was pressing the buttons on the remote control multiple times, the Blackberry reset (a reboot takes a good 5 minutes). I have used other headset and A2DP devices with my Blackberry without problems. This is the first time I have tried a bluetooth remote control. Maybe the Blackberry has a problem with the audio/video remote control profile. I don't know.

2086	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The Treo is more phone than function, but even as a phone, it has major bugs. Believe me when I tell you that this phone has added much stress to my life. I've visited the Palm Knowledgebase and Support Forums many times to find out if I was alone, only to find many, many lost souls roaming those halls with so many "Treo Troubles".
5480	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A little difficult to put on, but holds very securely. I have the black w580i, this looks like an original accessory.
3069	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Note: this review is applicable to only those looking for a case for Kodak P811R scanner. I am not using this for neat scanner!!!
The product packaging was adequate
Look no further, you've found a great headset!  BUY IT NOW!

4672	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have gone through so many "quality" cases. I mean give me a break they make cases out of toilet paper and say they are quality. For my day to day I have gone to using a CLC Case but for meeting I LOVE THIS CASE. Look the quality is great compared to the other junk out there is is amazing. I mean this thing will last and protect. You cannot go wrong with this case, trust me. If you have a phablet then this is the case for you hands down. If you want something to last a few weeks look elsewhere.

I've now made a more permanent installation, with the receiver antenna aimed per the instructions. Now I have 4 bars!
The instruction on the manual definitely needs to be revised because the actual number of seconds in holding the power button for activating each mode is quite crucial. Here are the actual instruction(tested):


2439	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I've lost two bluetooth headsets because of this terribly designed case.  The only thing keeping the headset in is a tiny piece of very weak velcro. You may think its a steal getting a case for $3.00, but you better factor in the replacement cost of the headsets you will lose!!  AVOID!!!!!!
Over the week the iTorch did not let me down. I don't recommend going to a conference without it!
The case is a hard plastic two-piece (the yellow part) and is covered after you put your phone in by a rubbery neoprene skin (the black part).

The phone came in an impressive package.  We slid in the AT&T sim card and it worked instantly.  Not all the contacts moved over, but not a big deal.  Paired with bluetooth effortlessly.  The call quality is top notch. A lot more bells and whistles but my wife will never use them.

2407	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second bluetooth that I have bought and it is great. Very good to have a ear bud fits in my ear and won't fall, comes with three sizes, but only one thing wrong with it if you wear it for hours and hours could start to hurt a little but take it off for ten minutes and you're ready for a couple more hours. Best bluetooth ever
+ Good battery life
-The keyboard on the black RAZR is silver.  Some people do not like this.
They never get scratched, they don't reflect much and they protect your camera, for a fair price.
So what is left after the carrier decides you don't need any of that fancy stuff?
 - soft keys cannot be changed
  -911 auto feature
3151	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This item is just horrible! I should have trusted my instinct to not place something
7660	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my fourth Plantronics 330.

2053	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Overall, while this isn't the best headset in the world, it seems to work fine. It's a bit overpriced for what it is, but not too bad of a value. My report card:
I also have the NT70T from New Trent, which is a little bigger and has more charging ports, etc. I really like that product as well, but i found myself using it as more of an emergency option for power. I didn't want to use it often in case I needed the extra power in a pinch. The IMP52D however crossed the line into every day usage, which I didn't think would happen with an external battery charger.
I got my hands on this yesterday and was able to use it twice to test it out on my galaxy tab 7.7. .. The itorch feels really nice to hold.  The itorch is the upgrade from a powergen 3200mAh.  The powergen has a built in flashlight and a microusb cable, which i really like, but i can only charge my galaxy tab for 40% over 4 hours.  The itorch can charge my galaxy tab directly too.  My main concern is that the itorch can get pretty warm while charging.  I am a bit concern about this.
Looks and Quality - I charged the iTorch for it's first use via my PC Desktop USB. It took a couple hours to fully charge. The blue indicator lights will blink while charging and finally go solid once it's ready. The unit itself has a very nice feel and is very light in weight. The rounded edges and chrome trim give it a more upscale feel. The front of the device sports the New Trent logo, The single function/power button and 4 small blue LED lights for indicators. The leading sides and bottom are blank and the top houses a Single USB and One Micro USB (For Charging) and to each side houses the Red LED pointer and LED White light. The rear of the device shows New Trent Information and Capacity information including Input/Output voltage information along with your standard FCC Markings. This is really the perfect size for a person on the go who just needs to push their cell phone or device a little further for the day. At 5200 mAh this is enough to keep you going through your work day easily and the added pointer and led light can come in handy too especially in an office environment I would have no problems keeping this unit in my pocket or at my desk for when it's needed.  I own several of the larger New Trent batteries which have more weight and size to them. This one really is the perfect size for the office professional.

5385	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This charger worked fine; I took the time to look at reviews first because I wasn't totally convinced this would be a working item... following those reviews I will just be sure to be gentle with this one, it's very lightweight and you don't want to leave it plugged in when you're not using it, and probably want to be careful about how you store it.
2237	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I was looking for. A good buy at a good price. 2 Thumbs up.
I would give this product a 4.5 rating, with the 0.5 deduction from being a perfect 5.0 score being due to having to provide my own iPhone charging cable since one was not included due to a license issue, although two were included (one for Android smartphones and the other for a Samsung Galaxy).
7993	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The product showed up on time
6359	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am a business orientated individual and liked the look of this case.
Nice extras in the white LED and the red laser LED
2335	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this device for use with my PC and skype.  Even though I paid over $100, the sound was not that good and the range was somewhat of a letdown.  It did, however, fit my ear well and was comfortable.  Despite this, I had to send it back.


9366	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great item no problems highly recommended
This will NOT work as an extension for credit card readers.

Short press starts the app (Calendar, Contacts, Email).
2570	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have tried 10 or more different Bluetooth headsets since they have come out, and to be quite honest, they suck.  Bad sound, bad connections, and horrible battery life, there is nothing better than the wired headset, until now.
7849	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For no apparent reason, case manufacturers (for intstance, Otter and Cygnett for the S4) make the holes for headphones far too small, even though some third party  headphones, particularly the earbuds, have thicker heads holding the plugs. They can't fit into the now-recessed port. The only solutions--a different case (no easy task, especially if you have your heart set on a particular one); new, pricey headphones;  alteration of the case if you dare...or, best of all, THIS. It is an inexpensive solution. It is a standard plug with a female outlet for your headphone plug and a standard headphone plug to fit into the typically small case opening. It's a shame it tends to be advertised for iPhone, as the problem is similar for these cases with many Android phones. Hope you found it!
1413	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	No longer hands-free after ios5.


291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fits great, looks good,nice product.

8059	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got my n95  8gb  today and very happy about it. It has 3g so don't worry about it and everything on it works perfect and with internet calling option i am making free overseas calls....what can i ask for more?

6994	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really slick design for how to apply without getting your fingerprints on it, neat-o. My first one, eh, left just a couple of bubbles due more to user error than anything I think, for when I applied the second one, I had the 'trick' down and boy, it looked like the glass itself.  Wouldn't hesitate to purchase again, especially at this price.

* Works perfectly with my bluetooth earset
* Mount antenna clear of obstructions.


1232	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The range on the headset was pathetic - maybe 2 or 3 feet from the phone to get a decent signal (which defeats the entire puprpose of a CORDLESS headset IMHO).  Otherwise, it was horrific - static, terrible sound quality, etc.  Please do not waste money on that POS.  I swapped it out for the Moto H850 and am much happier with that unit paired up with my MotoE815.
1970	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The battery is used for my home alarm back up system. It was a great price and I'm happy with it. I was impress with how fast it arrived at my home.
9386	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product really works. I'm doing a lot of camping in remote location and the biggest problem is the Internet. I have Verizon and in the past 2 weeks I was in 2 different locations, NY Catskills and NH White Mountains. I was very surprised before I had 2 bars- 3g on my phone and on rt 16 in White Mountains around Mt. Washington I had no service, zero bars. With this tool is got 4g - 1 bar, I was able to Skype in the middle of nowhere

Overall this was WELL worth the money I paid for it. Quite simply, I am a safer more organized driver due to using this holder. Thanks Kensington!
1225	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Perhaps I just got a bad one, but this thing won't consistently work 4 feet away from the phone, let alone the 30 they claim. It's a nice design, and if it worked I'd be very happy with it.
2536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have a Galaxy Note 1 (AT&T). This case is a perfect fit and provides ample drop protection. It is also easy to grip and thin enough to fit in my belt holster.
7391	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	While it's not as "sturdy" as I might have liked, for the price this is a good option for the Blackberry Curve 8310 I have. And for those of you who care like I did too, don't worry...this red is pretty darn close to the red phone itself (or at least the one AT&T has). :)
7321	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Phone headset volume would not work.  Too much trouble and shipping cost to send it back.
1)  It was very easy to synch this up to my iPhone.

web browser can handle regular html sites as well as simplified html, and wap sites
3436	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really like this head set now.  When I first got it, not so much.  I had to remember to turn the darned thing off because I was used to the Motorola head sets where you just flip it closed.  The buttons are tiny but you get used to it.
447	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have a GPS V that I really like and this is one of the best add-ons for it or any Garmin GPS.
i didn't give it 5 stars because there is only one port for charging, syncing, or headphones. music, videos, and games drain the battery like crazy, but you can get an extended life battery. also, the port covers are a little tricky. i get the feeling they might break off at some point, but so far so good.
from this source" message. I find that some cables produce this message (even if the device charges fine from those same cables when attached to a computer or power cube) and that other cables are fine. I can't say what the source of this incompatibility might be (something to do with the way USB cables are wired?) but it can be annoying.
9827	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received my order very fast. I got what I order. Great price. E N E R G I Z E R

496	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This Getting Started Guide listed information and instructions on what to do with my new phone to get it working.  The Guide (it's one piece of paper) lists instructions for New AT&T Customers, Existing AT&T Customers and there is also a section for Troubleshooting.

92	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Another very good phone charger that does the job and has a  very affordable price that anyone can afford  to buy it.
6245	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little guy has saved my bacon on more than a few occasions. It's small enough to fit in your pocket, yet packs a whopping 5000 mAH battery to rescue your power hungry smartphone or any other usb powered device! Ideal for anyone who travels and needs extra juice to get them thru a long flight, or drive. The construction is solid, and the button is NOT hard to push, as some reviewers have said. I would buy this again without
9836	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	.... for my Pro Trek Casio. They usually last about 3-5 years. Unfortunately, a couple of months after replacing, my band broke. $100 or so for a new one? I only paid $140 for the watch. Anyway, Batteries worked as a battery should, and shipped quick. Packaged well.
2708	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Finally I can charge my "ear parasite" from the car or my laptop. After all, the car is where I use it the most, but it didn't come with a car charger. Seems to work fine, and delivery was commendably fast and the price is great. Doesn't weigh much, either, which is nice for throwing in the already-overflowing laptop bag on trips.
6007	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Do not waste your money or time with this product if my experience is typical:  this took an initial charge, I used it to re-charge my ipad (and it was incredibly slow and did not fully re-charge the ipad), then re-charged the device, got all the lights, stored it, and then went to use it in a week, and it had no charge, and wouldn't take a charge.  Completely dead.  Waste of money, avoid this product.
Note: I did abide by the distance requirements called for by each manufacture and those called for by the FCC. I only operated my cell in close proximity only to perform my tests. At no time should you operate your equipment outside the limitations set forth in the user's manuals.
6371	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Samsung BlackJack II and used it for several months. I decided to upgrade to the iPhone4 and it fit snuggly with the bumper guard installed on the phone. I love it. No problems. It is made with real leather and is very durable. I give it my highest rating.


This is an expensive product in the signal boost market, but it is very easy to use and if you use your cell phone as your land line, and need a stronger signal, I recommend this. It comes with everything you need for mounting it in any of the three recommended locations - at a window, outside on the siding of your house, or on a poll on the roof.
The GGS LCD screen protectors are ultra-thin optical glass. They are 0.55mm thick with at least 90% light transmittance. They consist of 6 layers: an adhesive layer, an anti-crack layer, a color layer, and a transparent layer, sandwiched between two protective layers. (The adhesive and color layers only have adhesive and color around the edge.) 3M double-sided adhesive around the edge on the underside adheres to the frame of your camera's LCD. If you want to remove the screen protector, the manufacturer recommends using a very thin plastic card or similar device to slide around the edge to loosen the adhesive. Prying it up by one corner may break the glass.
I used this device as a hub for all my USB devices for my MacBook Pro (2009) and the device works flawlessly, including for my USB speakers.
2nd phone. Had this phone with at&t service, instead of tracfone, I noticed a possible ui change, better service and the fact you could use this as prepaid or personal because AT&T does not put a sim lock on pay as you go sim cards.
2. Less fancy buttons, the better it is as you can learn to use it easily and there are less moving parts to break.
It came with all the cords I'd need for many devices and the usb end of the specialty plugged ones work just fine so there's no need to buy any cords if yours plugs in to a usb plug on 1 end.
The Plantronics 510 comes with 3 different sizes of earbuds to fit your ear perfectly and the speaker goes in (or very close to) your ear, unlike other headsets where the speaker just rests on the outside of your ear which is really not good for getting high volume in windy/noisy environments.  Also the Plantronics has a boom mic that folds down partway towards your mouth. This is way better than headsets where the mic is way up by your ear because the closer the mic is to your mouth, the better you will sound and the less background noise the callers will hear. Everyone I've talked to using this Plantronics have raved at how good I sound, especially compared to the crappy Motorola's I've tried previously.
So now I have a new Blackberry Bold that I love and a Regulatory Fee that I hope I don't see again until this phone dies in about 2 years.

Asked for return.

8220	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The best engineered case on the market for iPhone. CoZip really did their homework here! It fits iPhone perfectly and really enhances phone image while adding a layer of protection for back and sides of phone. I bought three colors, one for me, my wife and my daughter and all of us are ecstatic with the cases! This is the best case for iPhone. Way to go CoZip and Amazon!
3290	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the kit fit my 2009 nissan versa like it was from factory. made the job lot easier. comes with extra pieces that i did not need.
4545	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excelent


My last concern is the clear plastic protector that comes with this.  I work outside and when its real cold the plastic keyboard protector gets hard.  If your trying to type or enter a number it will push on several other keys at the same time. This protector wraps around and covers the camera too, but it causes a dull image.  My fix to this was to cut off the keyboard section and cut out the place for the camera.

436	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little charger.  The only complaint I have is that the wire is a little bit thin but I'm sure it will last a long time if treated gently.  LOL compared to what they rip you off with at the Sprint store these are awesome deals.
Comfort/fit: 4 stars
3953	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I had to open the unit to dislodge the catch that keeps the microphone inside - there's no other way to turn off the unit, and that mechanism won't work 100 times in a row without getting stuck.  Bought two, gave one away cause wife didn't like it.
7628	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The exceptional noise-cancellation feature on this headset alone makes it worth the price. For the first time ever, I have been able to get my cell phone's voice dialing feature to work consistently, and it's all because the noise cancellation makes the voice command clear and consistent enough for the software.


7122	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought it for myself to use at the gym.  The Distance is amazing even goes trough walls.  But the volume level is terrible, it is very quite, no matter how loud you put it on the player and the bluetooth, the volume is just not enough.  I don't know maybe for some people it is enough but i do not recommend it at all.
4.  Software
3. Contact search is fast, hit a letter and it will jump to the contact start with that letter.
I've owned a Palm IIIxe, Palm Tungsten C, iPAQ rx4240 and have test driven an iPhone, Blackjack II and Moto Q, and a couple Blackberry models.  The Palm Centro is probably the smallest screen of them all save the Blackberry Pearl.  However, the Centro offers 320 x 320 resolution which is higher than most Windows Mobile smartphones and PDAs out there.  The result is a small, but crisp display with adjustable font sizes for most applications.  I found the touchscreen to be about as sensitive as other Palm devices in the past, which is to say it's fine (see stylus comments below).  The screen is slightly recessed into the phone which I find to be necessary so I don't hit the screen with my fat face while talking on it.
Bass plunged deeper and was more taut.. precise.  Mids and voices sprung forth with greater definition and clarity, but not to be confused with becoming too forward.  And highs.... cymbal splashes and certain brass instruments... shimmered and shined instead of getting smeared. Almost like the difference between a RAW image file and a compressed and lossy JPEG.


7930	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product works as expected. With cheap accessories like this, I have experienced that these types of accessories stop performing after certain period of usage. I want to hold off further comments till then but in the mean time, it works and its a great value for money. I recommend this buy.
Second annoyance is the scarcity of USB connectors that fit the phone (I ordered one from Amazon that did not fit the connector). Also, it seems, even after you get a USB connection, it will not sync with common computer contact lists such as outlook. This is a major annoyance in this day and age.
8602	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Does not hold on to the phone the glue on the sticky side was no good
1502	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this with the unit that converts your desk phone to a bluetooth compatible headset - best buy for the money!  I talk on the phone most of the day when in the office, and use both the desk line and my cell phone.  The system allows me to use the same headset for both.  Good battery life.
initial charge. I charged my Samsung Galaxy Nexus for about 3 hours for a
1992	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Blackberry 8700 is wonderful! It does a great job of retrieving email from all five of my accounts, and functions well as a phone and PDA. I am thrilled.
6117	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pros: good price, small portable size! Dual charging ports, 5200 mAh, has a light and laser

Battery last for days, I usually charge this Nokia once a week. I don't use internet though, just phone calls, some messaging, occasionally camera.
conclusion: this phone is good if you consider it as data phone (for mp3, mobile internet, messaging), but OK as regular phone



Cons: As with other Motorola phones, the UI is not very intuitive. Also, the thinness of the phone makes it somewhat difficult to handle and cradle on my neck. Battery life is not as good as I'm used to with my Nokia phones.
9920	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a solid performer, bought it as a backup, as I drive for a living and must have a bluetooth device, however, it does not support advanced BT functions such as music or other audio apps over bluetooth.. it is for talking only.


9379	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Our office building is in some kind of cell reception shadow. We have learned to stand in a particular corner near the window as its the only place from which you can make a cell call. The weBoost Changed all that. Now the primary weBoost antenna rests in that sacred spot and the repeater units push the reception all the way into our office. We can make calls from our desks, which is, really as it should be.
The Messaging app now confuses a little, it allows you to send an "Audio Message" via MMS, while send a "Message" includes text or MMS capability built-in.
1194	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Little too much money !!!!!
In the basement, we now get between 2-5 bars, and on the first floor, we get 1-4.
3613	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A great price for a well performing product. One of the few times you don't need to spend a lot of money. Highly recommend this product!
8476	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great deal for me and another great Amazon Transaction. :-) !
8418	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	at first - this was great, but after a while, the flexible arm would not stay in the same position (would keep falling in). The little piece that holds the phone that clips on to the flexible arm would fall off occasionally dropping the phone into the floor. I ended up just taking the whole thing down because i got tired of fixing it all the time.
1736	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	You get exactly what you might expect: a spare cable.  I like to keep this with my travel ket so that I can use the cable when I'm not at home where I use a Palm cradle.
4492	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second purchase of the Plantronics Voyager 855 - I bought it so that I'd have a fully-charged spare when I wanted one (such as long-distance flights).  I use this daily with my BlackBerry Storm to listen to MP3s during my cardio workouts and when traveling on airplanes, as it does a fair to good job of blocking white noise from the jet.  Other than othe ccasionally (rare) cut out (break in the BlueTooth transmission stream), it works flawlessly.  The sound quality is very good, though perhaps not up to the standards of an audiophile listening to high bit-rate audio files, and you can't beat the price! I'm going ot buy additional sets for my wife and kids to use with their BlueTooth-enabled cell phones. Definitely recommend.

9146	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was not expecting this unit to hold the charge for long, but it does.  I have had it now since Sep 2011, it is still going strong.  Holds the charge for weeks.  The only item that I use it to charge is my phone.  I am happy with this purchase.  I have not tried to use it with any other device, but it delivers with my phone, more than I had hoped for.  The device itself is made of plastic, sturdy and reliable.  The power button is still going strong.  It has not worn out, the led lights showing the charge remaining still work.  Although, it would have been nice to have an lcd showing percentage from 0-100%.  I don't have anything to add for improvements, other than the lcd.
UPDATE 11/13/07 I have now exchanged this headset TWICE for the same problem. The center pin on the charging jack DISAPPEARS inside the unit and it will not charge. After getting the latest replacement, I called Plantronics Tech Support and spoke to Will. I asked him if I was doing anything wrong and he said that I wasn't and that they had seen this problem from other users. He also said that if it happened again, I should contact Tech Support, ask for him and he would see about upgrading to a different headset that doesn't have the problem. NOW I CALL THAT SUPPORT! This is a great product and with support like that I will be buying more Plantronics gear and recommending it to my friends.


1547	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've had this headset for about almost a year and it works flawlessly. It is quite comfortable to wear with right size ear bud. Only complaint I have is it's bit too large.
Wrap up:
Too big: if you're thinking of putting this case in a pants' pocket, forget it. Way too bulky.
4835	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Loved this blue tooth. Easy to work. No back ground noises to have to hear. And my husband was able to use it driving truck, Would recommend this to others.
8205	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really nice case.  It is very nicely built with a strong hinge, feels great in the hand and holds 16 RYO king cigarettes.  It definitely feels built to last.
4)  Mount YAGI antenna in rafters of house or outside on roof.

1523	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this is my second Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset. i bought the first one about a year ago and my wife really likes it so i gave it to her and bought a new one.


I'm not sure why there's such a discrepancy from one buyer to the next, but after reading some reviews that said AC chargers were not included, I was prepared for it to go either way.  Luckily, both kits I bought came with the AC charger, so I was happy about that.  And YES, I bought both of mine right here on Amazon and they were shipped by Amazon direct to me.
RIM really needs to fix this. I can't imagine that anyone else has patented the idea of a "mute" switch....
Outstanding noise suppression, good sound quality, durable, light weight (you will not believe how light and comfortable) and a truly adjustable ear clip. if you can find the 500, buy it, if not, the 700 is a close runner up.

4572	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great LCD screen protector for the iPhone 2G (1st Gen.) I am very happy with this.
The Bad,
2747	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
I'm not sure how it would work with a FM transmitter attached as I'm using a cassette adapter, but I do know I have to take it out of its case to work with it, which has been a bummer. The mount does hold the iPod pretty securely, almost too securely because it's a bit difficult to get it out without taking the mount off the window. That may change over time as the device breaks in.
3411	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Cables did not work at all.  Tried it on 3 different setups.  Just plain don't work.  I was forced to give it one star in order to publish this review, but it gets zero stars.
The trick is follow the instructions, and be slow  thoughtful, gentle and methodical.

9443	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	poor quality DIDNT WORK DONT BUY
As of late 2006, if you're on T-Mobile and you need a smartphone to access the Internet and email, this is the one to have.  I say this even with the "soon to be released" 7130 which I believe is faster, but still more like the 7100t in terms of limited functionality.
Outdoor set up time: 45 minutes
- use it in wired mode when out of battery, or to conserve battery

5816	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excelente producto, era lo que en realidad estaba esperando, me llego a tiempo, excelente compra, .) :) :) :) :)

The phone is a doorstop after two years of normal use. It's expensive enough that I think it ought to still be working. I won't be buying another.
My first gripe when I turned it on was the ugly interface and dull colors of the menus and overall ugly visualization. The menus are hard to navigate and I've had this phone for 4 months without knowing how to increase the volume! I consider myself a computer and technology expert.
-Light, but sturdy.  Keypad is WIDE and easy to use!
*) Text messages - this is the worst ever - first, slide the phone open, create a message, hit the enter key, then recent log, then select your recipients, then next then enter then the message sends.  On the nokia it was create the message, hit the green button, enter your destination, hit the green button.


5080	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This phone is relatively small and stylish. In addition, it has considerable number of features. For example, it has pTunes (Sprint's music player), Palm's calender, contact software, etc. a built-in camera and video recording capability, the ability to take micro SD cards (good at expanding memory) and voice memo capability, among other features.
-1.3 Mp camera
Pro - the new system of opening the pin latch and inserting the band is awesome. Took me 2 minutes to replace the band and done.
6148	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We purchased this because my husband I both have android smart phones and were trying to figure out how we would make it through a day at Walt Disney World. Well it has also helped us get through  little leauge baseball games and family gatherings. I get a lot of qustions on it when they see the cord from my phone going into my purse. You can get 4 charges out of it before you have to charge it again. I does take a while to recharge but if you do it while you sleep you'll never know. Great way to get you from one bar to almost charged anywhere. I recomend this product to alot of people!! If you have a smart phone you need this!!
Pairing is a little tricky - be sure to save the little instruction card, as the combination of buttons is not intuitive, IMO.

3227	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my case, and so do alot people. So thank you for this product.

2110	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this phone for two months now and LOOOOVE IT!  I've wanted a slider for a while, saw the T809, researched it and got it to replace my beloved Motorola V-300 which, after three years was startin' to act up.  The keys are flat and small and takes some gettin' used to.  At 1st, I thought I'd have to remove the phone from its case and slide open I wanted to do anything...and that got tired real fast.  Fortunately, this is not the case. You can answer the phone just by hitting the "dial/menu confirm" key on the outside of the phone.  To end the call, just hit the "power on/off/menu exit" key. You can go to slider options and program it so that it's convenient for you.  You can use the slider to answer and end calls or you can have the slider have no effect what so ever on calls.  You can do the same stuff with the slider down as you can with the slider up/open.  Difference is, it's much quicker with the slider open as you can use shortcuts.  When you close the slider, you'll have the option to "lock" it or not.  To unlock, just hit the left and right soft keys in that order.  Soon you'll be doin' it without any thought. There's a volume key on the side of the phone.  The volume's pretty loud both on and off speaker.  Sometimes, I even have to turn the phone volume down cos the caller comes through too loud!  Another thing about the sound, with my V-300, I could barely hear my mp3 ringtones.  Not so with the T809.  You can also adjust how you want your silent alert (vibrate or mute). To put T809 on silent, just press and hold the # key.  Unlike my Motorola V-300, I don't have to wait for the call to connect before I'm able to activate the speaker.

8211	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	bought this for a birthday gift. i was soooo pleased with its sturdiness and looks. she was wowed. lovely to look at
7910	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got it to fit my phone headphone hole without taking the case off and works great.

- Excellent design. It's an eye candy.
3971	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I tried two different brands and this one was the best.  Easy to use and great sound quality.  Works with all features of my phone.
6145	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ver high quality finish and feel to it.  It works very well ... Charges iPhone maybe faster than he wall charger ...
I've had my T809 for over a year now and I'd just like to add a little somethin'...
The only downfall is that wearing it all day requires you switch ears--it's not uncomfortable, but you certainly know it's there. And the only other minor complaint I have is that if you aren't actively talking on it, throughout the day, it will disconnect and reconnect to your phone.  This has been the case with several phones from various mfgs.  That being said, it doesn't really cause any harm--it's just bizarre.

After about four different attempts (4 out of 10 sheets in the package used an gone forever) at application under uncommonly clean kitchen conditions I got a result that I might nearly pass at first glance. However, after a few minutes the bubbles I worked so hard during application to keep out appeared under the protector spontaneously. So I can't conclusively prove yet suspect this occurred from poor quality control at the manufacturer as the many of the plastic protectors are warped and NOT flat.
9296	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	cheep made but it was cheep to buy so i guess you get what you pay for it worked nice before it broke
5881	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Stopped working after a week. Bad predict and the company didn't care to answer my emails let alone resolve the issues
comes with the phone is great but, if you want more

8442	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have had this T61 laptop a while.  The original battery lasted for over four years and this one only lasted 14 months.  This listing said 9-cell, but only a 6-cell showed up.  I guess you get what you pay for.  I'm looking for another battery and I'm not buying it from this seller.

I am able to transfer all the stuff from my Sony Ericsson W600i without any problem. In fact I love the way it is downloading by directory to directory i.e. music to music etc..
You just can't go wrong by protecting your investment with one of these.. I bought a few extras just in case they get discontiued..
8065	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This speakerphone paired easily with my motorola U9 (I assume similar to later model Razrs).  The call clarity was good on receive, BUT...
* The original N95 (a.k.a. N95-1, a.k.a. RM-159) targeted mainly the European and Asian markets; while it had quad-band GSM (2G) support for use in nearly every country, including the USA, it had support only for the international W-CDMA (UMTS/HSDPA, a.k.a. 3G/3.5G) frequency (commonly referred to as UMTS-2100).  Nonetheless, this phone was later made available for retail in the USA as well, through Nokia's flagship stores, online site, and 3rd party retailers.  It had manual shutter lens protection (you would slide it open to start the camera), 64MB of runtime/dynamic memory (RAM), and a 900 mAh battery.  Common complaints about this phone was that it would often run out of memory when several applications were open, and that the battery life was too short.
9734	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent .
- Easy to turn on/off, by simply folding/unfolding the microphone boom.
Display brightness and color


1. Must keep line of sight with the cell phone. I thought something was wrong with my piece when I realized that when I place the cell phone in my back pocket it loses connection with the headset, so I called the factory and they told me I must maintain a line of sight between the two.

I've had some problems with this recently. I'm not sure if it is the battery yet, or the age of the phone but it seems to lose contact with the phone every once in a while, which causes the phone to turn off. It got so bad that I had to go back to original battery (and that issue stopped right away). I'll give it another shot soon, but for now, I had to stop using this because I need a phone that stays on while I am in the middle of using it.... Will update again once I give it another shot, but for now, lowered from 4 stars to 2.
653	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This did not work for me. I bought it to keep my iphone in place in the flat central console of my minivan and my iphone still flies off occasionally when I turn. I think it may be the material of the iphone case, but this totally doesn't work for what I bought it for. It does help my purse stay on the console, however, so I don't entirely hate it, but it really doesn't do much for me.
8732	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my BB Curve as the previous one had fell out.  I literally just popped it in and the phone was as good as new!
924	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These things are so great but, not perfect.  The sound is fine, the range is pretty impressive.  They are simple to use and do the job.  I really love having them and would recommend them (and have) to others.  The only issue is comfort.  They are hard plastic and hold on a little too snug.  That's not to say there's anything better out there, I just wish Motorola would have put a little more thought into comfort.  *note: I where them almost all day at work.
7506	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It worked for only 1 day.  The first sign of trouble was on day 2 when it stopped syncing up with my wife's cell phone and we could not use our home phone to receive or dial-out using her cell phone even though we had not moved her cell phone outside the range of the gateway. On day 3 I noticed that the blue cell phone synch indicator light and red power indicator light were off.  I checked the connection and it was still plugged in.  I then unplugged the gateway and tried another known good power outlet, but still no power light on the gateway.  Apparently it died after only 2 days!  I can't believe that GE has their name on this product.  I will be returning it and will not be getting a replacement.  Although it is twice the price I am considering the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/XLink-Cellular-Bluetooth-Gateway-With-Land-Line-Connection/dp/B00164H7DC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">XLink Cellular Bluetooth Gateway With Land Line Connection</a>&nbsp;to see if I get better results.
When I use the Jawbone inside the shop with all the noise, the other person on the line can hear me clearly with no sound from the machines, but on the other hand, I have to put a little preasure against my ear so I can hear.
The mirror finish is very nice but obviously a fingerprint magnet for anyone who worries about that.
Also, since this unit is next to my monitor on my desk, I need to glance at the incoming number, even though I now hear who's calling, but the base rests slightly angled, too low for me to see very brightly, even with adjusting the contrast to the highest.  It's fine when I pick up the handset which clips upside down on a belt or waistband and flips up so you can see who's calling while walking around.  But I put one of those elevated foam phone rests to raise the base angle for better viewing.

One thing that is a big disappointment is the lack of accessories that come standard with this phone. Not to mention, when are manufacturers going to make a data cable standard?
Otherwise, the case is very nice. It has 3 slots for credit cards, 2 slots for memory cards, and a holder for your stylus. You can sync, recharge, or attach headphones without removing the case.

9681	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good deal & they all work.

-Average menu setup

6783	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good batteries at a great price!  Delivered quickly!

4405	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I got this sim card as a free promo item with the purchase of a cell phone, the rates for this service are really nuts, I probably won't use it.
3237	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Oh my, crystal clear... stands up to its name. ..absolutely easy directions to follow... No lint. . my screen looks like it has no protector on it. I am very careful with my device, so I do not know how it will handle items scratching the screen or fingerprints..I received it quickly, and I didn't have to pay for shipping, plus because I bought one item, received this packet for free. It comes with two screen protectors. If you follow the directions, you should not need the other. I have purchased others, and followed the directions and still end up with lint underneath... YES, I would recommend this item. ..It is a must have for your phone. ..
Overall, a great purchase.

425	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great price and delivered quickly.  Only slight problem with cable, have to 'wiggle' the cable to get charging to start.  Don't have the same issue with OEM cable that came with the Palm.  Great as a backup cable to connect to a PC in another room.  For the price, I bought 4 and have them in different rooms so I don't have to go downstairs to unplug OEM cable from main charger.
Others I have convinced to purchase the jawbone like the selection of clips and earpieces, the noise reduction really works.
OVERALL


5444	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Came as described. In perfect condition and I can't wait to use them for craft projects and gift giving. Thank you
The differences that I like on this phone:
4432	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	As a new replaced battery, this one cannot hold the charge any better than the one I threw away.  Disappointed!!!
1076	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	We've had the Sidekick II for about two months.  Although my 11-year-old likes it for its buttons and Gee Whiz value, I find it very awkward to use as a phone.  It doesn't have a normal keyboard, so you must flip the screen up to press the keys, then flip the screen back down to listen and talk.  When you get into a voicemail situation, you have to keep flipping the screen up to "press 1 for English", etc.  Very annoying.
7582	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This holster appears at first to be strong and durable, and for the most part the case itself is quite strong, but within two days of normal use (no abuse) the stitching that secures the top of the metal clip ripped, causing the holster to hang outward at an odd angle, which then caused it to catch on various things and cause the stitching to tear even more.  This happened with two holsters purchased from two suppliers, so I know it isn't a fluke.  You'll have better luck if you use the belt loop, but then you'll have a metal clip pressing into your hip on the inside of the belt, which can be uncomfortable.  Also, if you like to wear your phone vertically the holster holds the phone a little too high (I believe this is to balance the phone when worn horizontally), which is part of why the phone tends to hang outward.
CALL QUALITY
MP3's as ringtones are fun, but you have to work around Verizon to do it. (copy them to the optional transflash card from your computer, then to the phone)

7806	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
disclaimer:  I bought the new black and silver headset (version G).  I can't attest for the grey and silver (version A) but I'm sure it is also a quality product.
Yes you will - unless you carefully listen for the beep and release the button when you hear the beep. So far, the disconnections have been amusing and have only happened when I was distracted.
4096	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you want to keep your Blackbery Curve protected, yet still at the ready, this case does the job.  The magnetic strap is holds much more securely than one would think, and the belt clip not only rotates, but then end hooks back on itself, thereby preventing the unit from unclipping itself accidentally.
Unfortunately I may have gotten a bad device, because shortly after I started using it, I discovered that a few of the connections didn't work properly. This made it a 3-port hub instead of 7. The connections that *did* work gave me no trouble at all, and because of this (and my laziness), I decided not to return the device.
6116	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The NewTrent IMP52D is an ergonomically designed charger for your personal electronics.  It works with USB charging cables to recharge your devices.  I purchased two, one for me and one for my wife.  When I can't reach people because their smartphones are dead, I will recommend this product.  The build in laser pointer is awesome, and it even has an auto-off so that the battery isn't depleted by leaving it on.  I can't wait to try some of NewTrent's other products!
3836	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got this for a flip phone user, and they love it. It's simple and secure.
7953	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This thing broke on me after 4 months.  Good thing I purchased 3.  The relief on this adapter is not that sturdy, but it works really well for a good amount of time.  I had better luck with the same item from SF planet seller.
1662	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Plantronics 510 is comfortable to wear for hours and doesn't feel like it will fall off your ear.  It mates easily to my Treo 650 and also to my Bluetooth-enable laptop, which makes it possible to use the laptop for VoIP calls.  Reception is good, volume is adequate and the people I talk with say that my voice is clear.  The controls are a bit stiff, as others have said.  But that means they have good tactile feedback -- you know when you've pressed a button.
5753	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Fit and design is good..  Occasionally comes loose.. but it's easily put back on the phone.  I like the protection because I keep my phones several years
1898	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have to say, this was a shockingly good experience. I have had mine almost a year when I lost it. I found it the following afternoon, in the parking lot at work. It spent a day and a night on the ground in the rain and even got either stepped on or driven over, as the earhook was broken off. The unit still worked! It would wedge into my ear and I could still use it very easily-albeit uncomfortably. Why not 5 stars? Because the ear hook pivot/swivel loosened with use to point where it would fall out of my ear. I replaced with a 350 due to budget, I wanted to get a 655 but we'll see how this does.
2618	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	There are many pros for this item, but no cons as of yet.  I have used it on many phone calls.

8)  Completely re-charges in about an hour, maybe less.


167	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	After 2 weeks my charger just fell apart while i was taking it from the plug , not a strong charger at all i would have asked for my money but it wasn't even worth it .
The LED flashlight is obviously not very bright (don't bring this battery with you on a night time excursion expecting the LED to light the path for you)
I asked them if it felt right to them that I paid $130 (Best Buy) for their headset and then have to bend the pieces that come with it and buy a competitor's ear gel just to make it comfortable.  They didn't seem to have a problem with it.
No complaints though.  I highly recommend you stick with this OEM product over the inferior generics.
7923	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	These are single channel audio. it will not allow sound from both channels. It would be good if they were removed from the site because they are not a compatable with apple iPhone for audio and therefore false advertising. It will not play full audio and it is not compatable with accessories.

6235	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I picked up the iTorch as a 'just in case' gadget. I am glad I did. The family went camping this weekend and we were out in the middle of no where in a tent. We had cell coverage, but no way to charge iPhones without going back to the car. The IMP52D came worked out perfectly. It was able to recharge an iPhone 4 twice and a Kindle Fire with 1 charge. I cant be totally exact on how long the charges kept because the kids kept plugging their devices into the iTorch, then taking them off 30 minutes later.
I like the vibrating feature when the phone ringer is turned off --- no need to share all that noise. As I am on call or expecting calls often when I am out at dinner, this really makes it discreet rather than missing the call and playing telephone tag for awhile.
8422	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	i would not get this again the windshield mount broke the first day a pain in the butt to put the mount on the air vent. i used it for my htc evo 4g cell not made well
6328	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	.Good.
1542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I thought this would be the headset for me when I saw the reviews and pictures online. To a point it is a great headset, comfortable, easy to operate, good sound. However, like a lot of BT headsets I find that when I am calling from a situation with a lot of background noise that the person on the other end has a hard time hearing me. I think it's way better than the X3 Micro from Blue Ant that I have been using for the past year. I am not regretful that I bought this at all, it works well. I am just waiting for the technology to get this aspect of BT headsets right.


6483	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE the 4G-S!! I have several of these cradle type boosters which i have in vehicles and on the desk at my olace of emoloyement. I use the it indoor with the home accessory kit so it sits on a stand as well as plugs in to a 110v outlet. Being that its a cradle, i love that in a vehicle i can securely place my devices in it and not have to deal with it falling all over the place. Its securely mounted on a panavise mount made for my vehicles. The cradle provides a small amount of boost and is well designed as well as being quality built. Overall i will continue buying and installing these without hesitation. The only things i would really change is the antenna cable seems a little short. It would be a huge help if it was longer. Also having a hard wire accessory power instead of using the usb cable would be a big plus. Last i would like to see a more powerful version made. While it works and works well it is not very powerful. Maybe make it adjustable or different versions?
Avg.

went to use it yesterday and it had broken, the part the earbud connects into had cracked. I don't put it in my pocket, it just sits in a protected part of my purse.

9737	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good deal .
This was a great option.
Outbound sound quality: B+, callers can hear me fine, but some have complained of a "speakerphone" quality to the sound. Decent noise cancellation with no echo.
There are three different protectors; all different sizes (thickness). One is impossible to put on without 100 little bubbles, and believe me, I'm thorough, the other is thicker and much better. There are also two stickers to assist in the removal of the film from it's protector. These stickers will leave an unsightly residue however, rub a little nail polish remover (an old trick) and it will come right off without touching the phone.
- Seems durable
It didn't work. At all.

Not music compatible
The Jabra also pairs almost instantaneously; it beeps to confirm this, usually within 2 seconds of me "waking" my iPhone. It's almost exactly the same size as an iPhone (but slightly smaller), which makes it very convenient to travel with.
The magnetic closure is nice but there was no ring for a strap on the case I received -- would have been useful in that the hard leather is smooth and a little slippery.

3061	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is perfect for our NeatReceipts scanner, it has a place for the scanner with an elasctic strap that holds it in place so it won't fall out when you open the case, and a "pocket" for the usb cable.  It's lightweight yet stong enough that it protects the scanner well and fits perfectly in my briefcase.
877	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I quite like these. After trying a number of cheaply made Chinese Bluetooth headphones, all of which failed within a month or two, I tried a name brand. Go figure, they work well and thus far haven't failed me. They sound fine. The buds fit in my ear. The charge lasts around 8 hours.
There's not much covering for exterior, so if I put a single shot of BB through it, it'll probably render it unusable, which is a whole lot better than that being "usable" but being a piece of garbage that frustrates.  Not it'll be just a piece of garbage.

Or can I say the best!
7097	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had my Razr phone for years now and only recently did I have to replace the battery. This replacement battery works perfectly with my phone and lasts a long time between charges. I've had no problems with it at all.

1: turn on the a120s (make sure it's plugged into your audio source)
I gave mine away.  I hope this prevents people from getting ripped off.
I recommend it for headphones 32 ohms to 300 ohms they will sound great :)
8341	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have installed the booster kit as it arrived with the stock antenna, a great improvement on my signal
JIM
Pros:
9136	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I received my New Trent iTorch in the mail last week and I love it!  I have run through a charge several times now and on a typical day of work I charge my phone off of this device 2 times.  This thing is great because I am no longer attached to a power outlet, no matter what portable device I carry with me.  The form factor is different but in a good way.  It feels like a nice solid device in the hand.  The only thing I don't understand is why a laser pointer would be included in the IMP52D, I usually end up pointing it around wasting battery life while in the dark.  I would recommend this device for others!
Talking to others they hear me loud and clear a few miles away. I would get something more if I were going a distance from shore. A radio is a must for help in an emergency. Your cellphone won't help you communicate with others on the water in the event of an emergency.maybe you could call AAA IF YOU NEED A TOW from your cellphone ? Or call a near by boat for help on the radio .
6706	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased to improve reception in some marginal areas on BLM land using a Verizon Blackberry for Voice and the Verizon USB760 modem for Data. To be sure the product worked as advertised I did some testing at home before attempting setup in the field. To verify and document, I did RSSI screen prints "before" & "after" implementing the Wilson DT.  I clamped the receiver at the top of a Painter's Extension pole that I purchased at Home Depot that can be extended to about 25', and connected the amplifier and antenna using the supplied coaxial cable to inside my office home office. Without the Wilson DT: RSSI (1xRTT): -88 dBm /  RSSI (1xEVDO): -90 dBm  .................  WITH the Wilson DT: RSSI (1xRTT): -60 dBm / RSSI (1xEVDO): -75 dBm ........ From these tests I know I can get an improvement if I can get any signal at all in the field, so the product does what it's advertised to do.
There are two things I didn't like about the Z9. One was the function of the primary button. While in a call, tapping the button once changes the voice isolation level. You have to hold it down for 2-3 seconds to end the call. I never quite got used to that. The second thing I didn't like were the eargels.
3120	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Best Screen Saver deal out there! Don't obsess about the bubbles most of them disappear in a day or two of use and doesn't dim screen brightness or clarity. Good seller fast and efficient.
He needs a excellent quality cell phone without all the "blout-ware" music, internet, ect, ect, ect,
1566	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned over a dozen different models of bluetooh headsets.  This is the best sounding and most comfortable of all of them so far. The range is good, battery life is good I only wish they came with more ear inserts as spares.
I don't know if I lost the power cord for recharging, or it wasn't in the box (maybe my preschooler flushed it?), but their customer service was excellent and they're sending a replacement in time for my flight to Ireland so I can watch movies on the long flight and have my iPhone available for work during all day, or multiple-day trips while aboard.  Maybe you only need an extra hour or two, but for not much more weight/size/expense, you could have 10x that amount of power.  And no, I don't work for them, I work for one of the larger webpages, and have raved to all my coworkers who will listen about this product, as well as my dad, sister...
I think the quality of this device is dependant on the cell phone you have, just a hunch. I use a Samsung sch-740u. Hence the high volume part isn't an issue because my phone isn't that loud in bluetooth mode.
Usability Issues
2552	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	we have two Galaxy Notes, and have tried different cases.  This case is a great price, and very nice--except that the hole for the stylus is off center, so the only way to remove the stylus is to push hard to the left, or to remove the case, or use an Exacto Knife to cut a very small bit of the case off (as I'm about to do now).
9993	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent replacement battery for the Motorola Razr, at an excellent price! Also, super fast shipping!

3. To be honest, I don't notice this at all (even during the night). The light is NOT bright. I have a scion TC car and the speakerphone is pretty close to my head (compared to a large SUV or truck). It still doesn't bother me at all. Don't put too much stock in reviews that tell stories of a blue light menace. If for some reason it does bother you at night, then you may consider flipping your visor down so that the speakerphone is between the window and the visor. This will block the light. If somebody calls, then flip the visor back.


Milton

IT WORKS OK JUST FOR A FEW MONTHS.
4) "General: system error" when trying to play music.  reboot "fixes" it.

-wide enough to allow the expandable battery case cover.




4185	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have gone through three of these things due mostly to my own butterfingers. Mind you, they are not fragile, I'm just very hard on my electronics. With that in mind, I never have minded shelling out the money to get a new one every time I break one.
1620	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wasn't sure if I wanted to purchase another bluetooth headset because the last one I purchased, a Motorola HS815, was terrible.  People were saying that they couldn't hear me or that there was too much static.  I figured it would be the same thing next time.  Boy was I wrong.  This headset is terrific.  I will give you some pros and cons:
Excellent Video recorder
1645	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has got to be one of the greatest values out there.  I only paid $42 and got free shipping, what a deal.  This headset works outside in the wind.  My previous headset cost more, would not work in the slightest breeze, and it also fell apart after 2 months.  The Plantronics is obviously superior to many bluetooths costing twice as much.  The stiff on/off button is not a problem once you get used to it.
- Very compact. Very portable.
They have different types for different phones and you can try your phone out before you buy. So, if someone buys the wrong one its their fault and its not fair to rate this product low for something thats one's own fault.
I put them in a 1990s Casio hiking watch that has a compass, thermometer, and pressure sensor. Most off the time, they are all off. But for a month, I needed to check temps and pressure on a daily basis. I only used the compass (which uses the most power) one time (by accident). The temp and hygrometer both work at the same time. I am not sure if they read while on screen only or also off screen. The hygrometer senses only ever two hours. The temp constantly.
However, the Motorola HS850 performs much worse than my much older Logitech Mobile Traveller Bluetooth Headset.  Everyone I call indicates that I sound muffled, and callers typically ask me to discontinue the use of the headset.  Also, the earpiece speaker is not that loud, so it is rather hard for me to hear callers when there is background noise (e.g., in the car).
316	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The battery, cover, and protective case fit very well.  Battery charged to 100% using original Samsung charger.  Battery life is now extended well beyond the standard OEM battery life.  This is good value for the money spent.
4087	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	80% less than the cost of the same product in the local AT&T store.
4909	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It didn't work on Iphone 3G. I've not tried it on another iphone yet. It didn't work on HTC too.
about two times off of one full charge. This thing was a lifesaver when the
4231	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What more can I say?!  This is an awesome deal for the money!  Don't pay $30-$40 for this at AT&T or the Apple store..


the downside, it 'wears' your ear, and after an hour of using it, your ears gets a bit uneasy with it...
5981	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Like having an outlet in your pocket wherever you go!  Very handy.  High quality product, I've used it dozens of times/charges now and it's still going strong....
7339	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Junk!!
5363	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Hey everybody, watch out for your Blackberry model, I bought this item for my Blackberry Curve 8350 but once I get it from Amazon It didn't fit.
5804	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have trusted the Fellowes WriteRight line on my last 3 PDA's.  Previously I used a hard green plastic cover that worked but was diminished the screen contrast quite a bit.  This is different.  The soft plastic is much like the type you peel off the front of new digital displays.  I find they last for months even with heavy usage and do not diminish brightness or clarity to any great degree.

Batteries, digital cards, earphone jacks, etc in the side pockets.
2046	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for a couple weeks now, paired with my Motorola v330 (aka V551).  Pairing it was a piece of cake, and it's one of those rare devices that just works.
480	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good Quality Product. Worth the money. Good Buy.
- Holds charge for many days when unusued
6449	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I believe this product will be good for me, if I ever receive it.

4628	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	they must be second as the belt loop always come undid sewing
878	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Picked these up refurb'd on another site for 20 bucks.  Having owned both the Motorola S9 and S10, I wasn't expecting much.  The S10 was a downgrade in sound quality from the older S9's (which had WOW EQ...the S10s had no EQ settings at all), so why would these be any better?  Man was I wrong.  I would imagine much of this is owed to the aptX codec that is supported by my Note 4 and the fact that they have brought back built-in EQ settings.  With my S10s I needed to use a phone EQ to make them sound even mediocre.  Not these.  I turned my EQ off and use the built-in and they sound amazing.
This product's definiton is nice, but can't keep the quailty if farther than 5 meter.
But to be completely honest with you, after trying a number of `prettier' headsets that either break easily, lose their pairing with the phone frequently, or just plain don't work as well I am all for sacrificing form for function.
3733	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	like it


I would expect the Jawbone to work better at this price and got hyped up by so many users... hopefully something better at a reasonable price will come up by the time I have to replace the Jawbone.
1244	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have owned only a few bluetooth devices but this one by far is the best for the price.  The best thing about the device is that it automatically connects to your phone by simply unfolding the boom mike.  The reception is clear also. The only draw back is sometimes it cannot understand your commands u n l e s s y o u s p e a k l i k e t h i s.  Otherwise its a great little product.
8344	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Came as described. In perfect condition and I can't wait to use them for craft projects and gift giving. Thank you
8157	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	How could anyone can get this product any cheaper than this?  It fits great on my blackberry.  It is very good grip to it but not too hard to remove.  It is definitively perfect for businessmen.
Negatives--If there is any noise or wind at all other than typical sound in a room its very very hard to hear and difficult to place the phone in the "sweet" spot to hear the call.  If its sunny forget about seeing the screen unless ya find shade. My ring settings keep getting changed as i go to open the phone and hit the buttons on the side of the phone changing ring setting, frustrating....

891	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	MY HUSBAND LOVE THIS BECAUSE IT IS JUST LIKE HIS FIRST ONE HE HAD.
7131	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Had no complaints.
I put my little case on it to keep it clean and it snapped right on. I put my SIM card in and it's been nothing but go! I'm foreseeing good things with this phone, I even signed up for a Media Net bundle. I think I made a good choice.
very lightweight, you hardly know it is on your ear
- Would have been better if they could have built it without the cradle. Kind of annoying
773	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have used these before. The cycle place wants 40.00 per socket put $100.00 to drill a hole to mount it. And it is the same item.
Large clear screen.
My iPhone contained 2% battery life when I plugged in the iTorch and began charging. After 1 hour 50 minutes with my phone still turned on and in use, my iPhone5 received a full charge. Once I confirmed the full charge, I noticed the iTorch showed one solid blue LED and one blinking, indicating a remaining capacity of 35%. I still had enough to charge my Bluetooth headset.
I has been perfect for the use.



1237	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The unit works great.  It does NOT cancel out background noise very well, but, is very comfortable.

Works with Garmin Nuvi 13XX Series
My only "complaint" is that you have to make sure to plug in the wires with a little force until you hear/feel a tough click.
1147	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Cool, a good product. Pro: 6 posts work as well as, 1 post in front of not working but that's ok for its price. Cons:  too many LED light for nothing, user needed only one that is power light!!??
1. Messaging

My cable is new, so I can't say how it will last (will update if it fails), but it seems very well made and I expect no problems.  I bought it in April 2009 from eForCity.  Quality may vary, judging by some of the other reviews I found for the same product page.  I see no reason to buy the considerably more expensive Nintendo-made cable unless you cannot otherwise find a quality generic cable.
Cons:
I don't know why I waited so long to get one.  It's so nice to be hands free!


7221	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I just opened my boxes to get a charger out, and these phones do not charge, itis one bar on the phone after charging for a while, the phones aren't navy blue either, they are some other teal blue, I'm going to open all of them and if they don't clear, I'm sending them back and let amazon know about it.  I just found out I cn't return the phones, I bought 4 of them because they were so good when I bought my first one from ATT.  Big mistake to order from you, and also, one of the boxes do not even have a charger that plugs into the wall, just a computer charger.  I lost $257.00, and can't get it back, but at least I know not to trust your company, even though you sell from amazon, the other amozon products are bought were excellent, but your products can't be used, because I cn't charge them, the adapters don't work.
Although no Apple iPhone/ iPad cable or adapters included but it is not a big deal. It fits well in my hand. Lightweight, stylish and reasonable capacity.
8192	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great. No problems. I think this unit charges even faster than the original one.
If you have a high need for switching between multiple devices, however, be aware that the advertised "on the fly switching" between up to 3 devices does not really work very well.
9751	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!
If you spend a lot of time using your Blackberry device, then you definitely want to upgrade to the 8700C:


I applied the reinforcement (cut a strip from plastic card, use Krazy glue to stick the plastic strip on the middle of headband, and use nylon packing tape to wrap), this'll affect the looking, but durability is more important



7461	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is what it is advertised to be.


The range is as advertised. I walked away from my phone by about thirty feet and still had a clear connection. Therefore, you do not have to place the headset on the same side or close to your phone.
Motorola needs to keep upgrading this line because it's their best model. I wouldn't suggest anything else.
5963	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As a college kid I am constantly on the go and my iPhone's battery takes a beating. For christmas I received this portable battery and it has already saved me on numerous occasions. It is great how small it is as I can put it in my pocket or can quickly charge my phone up in one of my backpack pockets. It is really quick and am amazed at how I can charge my phone up twice on it. It does take a long to charge the battery pack but what I recommend is to charge it overnight along side your phone. I charge it on a dual usb hub with my iPhone so when I leave in the morning I can grab both without forgetting one or the other. It is a great product that I highly recommend and many people have been impressed with its abilities. Looking forward to more from this company!
6814	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great fit super price
* The camera is pretty good too. The LED flash is very bright and allows for a decent photo in low light. Full Screen view finder is a nice plus. There is even a little mirror on the back for self portraits.




4650	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good product for its cost, but i wanted to put my iphone6 plus and it fits but the top is still alittle bit short with the phone in it. And thats not counting a case on it.
2040	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently dropped my land line and went 100% wireless for telephone service; with this change, I wanted to make sure I didn't suffer from numb arm talking on the smaller cell phone for longer periods and wanted to use a hands-free approach. My previous experiences with that were not very satisfying back in the day of earbuds and dangling wires. But, with a new cellphone came Bluetooth wireless capability, which opened up a new world of options.
Buy something else AND: Stay away from the Blackberry 9630.
I am taking 1 star off because this product has a lot of restrictions on where the antenna and receiver can be placed. Read the manufacturer's installation instructions carefully (available online) before you buy this product. My experience with the unit is that the most important factors for unit placement are: (1) location of the signal antenna. It needs to be in a place where you can decent signal. The booster doesn't seem to boost the signal beyond what you can get at the location of the antenna. (2) distance between the signal antenna and the receiver. The manual dictates a minimum distance of 15 feet.
3499	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	protects
First off, the design of it looks a bit off-putting.  It uses military-grade noise reduction technology and the look of the headset makes me believe that this particular headset may have been originally intended for such use.  It's not exactly the most attractive headset out there - definitely not the most feminine.

8676	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Always liked
6184	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this item to have charging capability on the go for my smartphone. This product does exactly that. With the 5200mAh capacity, I get about 2 charges on my Galaxy S II Skyrocket. It also works on my tablet. I had considered add on battery packs that simply encase your phone in a larger case with a built-in battery, but the bulk really makes the built-in products less desirable. What I like about the iTorch is I can keep in in my briefcase or car and just pull it out when I need it. Also, another selling point is the versatility in that it works with just about any phone or tablet that uses a USB charger. So, even as I upgrade into the future, I should be able to continue using this product. As a plus it has a laser pointer and LED light built-in. The re-charge time seems fast and it holds the charge when stored, so it really does work as advertised. For the price, I think this is the best value out there.
*no more buying ringtones....simply bring your MP3's in (after trimming them to save space) and create your own using applicable programs and save tons of money


People I talk to on it don't know I'm on a speakerphone.  Their voice quality is slightly tinny, but not distorted and still very intelligible.  In every way it's better than a headset I tried, which was tedious, didn't sound good, and hurt my ear.
6416	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Nice one.


To have a cleaner appearance in the car, I have the mini-usb plugged into the ball mount that is holding the GPS and not plugged into the GPS itself.  Unfortunately, that port is really close to the ball mount which restricts it's movement when plugged in.  With the adapter, it makes the cable less intrusive and makes the GPS free to adjust with the ball mount to nearly any position desired.  In combination with a 1.50 mini-usb cable, probably the cheapest way to keep my Nuvi charged while driving!!
Shape is made so that it fits great in your hand.

But I felt I had to dock the one star for this clear miss on quality control.  Both issues are readily obvious and should have been caught during any final, visual inspection.  The Modi 2, on the other hand, looks perfect.
Volume can be adjusted easily, I like chat with driving and it is a wonderful earphone.
I surely recommended this product to be 5 Stars
4293	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Connects easily with my wife's Palm Pre for both Hands-Fee phone operation and music (A2DP) streaming. The strength of the FM transmitter is decent enough if your home market isn't crowded, but its not for the traveler. Instead, my wife mainly uses the speaker for both calls and music streaming, which is plenty loud. At the price, its almost more reasonable to get a new head unit with bluetooth built in, as they are certainly cheap enough these days.
5688	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My daughter recently received a Blackberry Pearl 8100 as a hand me down from a family member.  Unfortunately we realized immediately that it would not take a charge from the standard side usb plug, so this was our solution. We received it quickly, plugged it in, docked the phone and it charged wonderfully. My daughter doesn't seem to care about the light that stays on, as she is just happy to have her phone charging.
1726	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was tired of my Nokia E62 and its multifunctions and relatively high weight. I decided to buy a simple, not do-all cellular phone. I went back in time and I ordered a new Motorola V3 and was pleased to receive a brand new phone with a new battery. Delivery on time as promised.
The one thing to consider is whether they will fit on your neck. They are made of a rigid plastic, so that if you have a large neck, they won't fit at all.

Now I can hold it and not fear dropping it (as much) because the golf ball divits provide a nice area to grip.


3501	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	exactly what it was supposed to be wonderful
5) Great for stable calling but I would not rely on it as a stand alone system
The bad:
I also love the feel of the Dash because unlike all my other phones which slipped from my hand, this phone stays put and it doesn't have that slippery feel of hard plastic on the back but instead feels rubberized.  It also helps that this is slightly wider than my older clamshell and candy bar phones as I would constantly fumble and drop them, but maybe I am just a clutz.





-Micro Sd slot so you can store more music and pictures
-flimsy rubber cover for the USB outlet (though not critical). Opens and hangs by a very small corner of rubber.
Don't expect to be streaming 4k, but do expect texts, calls, and basic data to work. I even got YouTube to load, but not consistently.

8460	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great working radio.
Unit has great range.

- The earpiece simple does not fit.  It comes with several different sizes and styles of interchangeable ear canal fittings, but not one was comfortable.
2515	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	arrived quickly and i got this as a gift for my friend who has an S5's about an year ago and he recently started complaining about his battery getting low and battery life is not even close to where it was before. So i got him this and he was so happy and he mentioned this battery  was helpful almost as good as when he got the phone new. He said he will one more for his wife. Overall good product one should have this as an additional battery as it will even act as a just in case handy battery.
2344	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very good nice
Plastic body constuction - will probably crack if dropped
6799	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Works as advertised.  Fast shipping.

6158	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my Samsung Galaxy s3, but the battery is not great. So I bought it to use when I'm not near a power outlet. It works great! I just put it in my pocket or purse when I know I'm going to be out and about all day. Sturdy, durable, and easy to use.
2855	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Is Zune even in business anymore? I bought this cable years ago and wrote a review. Apparently Amazon wants me to write another. The cable worked well. if you still own a Zune and need a cable, this one will work fine.

The one negative is that the Jabra, like many other Bluetooth speaker phones, doesn't come with a wall charger, only one for the car, which I find inconvenient and clunky. I solved that problem by purchasing a PowerLine 12-volt DC-AC Power Socket right here at Amazon for $11.08. It performs very well. Though I wish there were a wall charger included with the Jabra, it wasn't a deal-breaker for me. For the money, this speaker phone has met all my expectations.

slider is sensitive so you may answer calls when you don't mean to
Battery life is average - about 2 days after moderate to heavy usage (other than calling)
I have a nice pair of standard earbuds (Koss "Plug") plugged in through an adapter, and they sound decent when the music is playing, but not as good as on my inexpensive but old Creative Zen Nano Plus mp3 player.
9652	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fixed my watch.
* Mount at least 6 inches from any windows (including a sunroof).
2914	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I picked this up because it was very cheap, less than lunch. Sound quality was good but the volume was low. It doesn't have an ear bud, it has a large round piece that rests just barely in your ear. I purchased 2 and the case cracked on both within 4 months. Jabra was going to replace them, but it wasn't worth the shipping.

5690	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works very well
9736	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Work perfectly

The headset came with an owner's manual (many pages), and quick-start "card" and another sheet of paper for quick pairing instructions.  That additional quick-pairing sheet had instructions for pairing which were different than the ones in the manual as well as the quick-start "card".

4682	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This holster appears at first to be strong and durable, and for the most part the case itself is quite strong, but within two days of normal use (no abuse) the stitching that secures the top of the metal clip ripped, causing the holster to hang outward at an odd angle, which then caused it to catch on various things and cause the stitching to tear even more.  This happened with two holsters purchased from two suppliers, so I know it isn't a fluke.  You'll have better luck if you use the belt loop, but then you'll have a metal clip pressing into your hip on the inside of the belt, which can be uncomfortable.  Also, if you like to wear your phone vertically the holster holds the phone a little too high (I believe this is to balance the phone when worn horizontally), which is part of why the phone tends to hang outward.
6006	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I currently own the New Trent iTorch IMP52D powerpak rechargeable external battery.  I have owned the product about two weeks now and have had the opportunity to use it 2 times.  I travel just enough that an added charge will make life easier when at the airport or away from the office / car long enough that I don't have any other charging options.  The IMP52D adequately charged my iPhone 4s after a day on the road.  The initial charge took approximately 5 hours.  The iTorch seems to recharge the battery at a similar rate to that of a standard wall charger.  I started the recharge process at 25% battery life.  Following the recharge to 100% battery life, the battery indicator showed 2 bars or half life remaining.
In any case, your goal is to get the strongest signal to the outside antenna you can, because the YX500 is a signal booster or amplifier. It follows that if you have no reception when you climb up a ladder or onto your roof outside with cell phone in hand, you will not fix anything with a booster because there is nothing to amplify or "boost." Conversely, if you get the antenna positioned to receive the strongest signal from the tower or cell base site, you will also get the strongest signal and best results inside the house, too. To put it another way, this unit "captures" the best signal you can find with the external antenna and then sends it into your home via the cable it is attached to. The base unit then re-issues that signal back out through its antenna as well as receiving your cell phone's signal and sending it the other way. The signal inside your house is not going to be better than the one that is initially captured outside. If you only had one bar of reception and it was scratchy when standing at a high spot outside with your phone, you are going to just get a somewhat more powerful, but similarly distorted signal once you install the booster.
Setup of the device is incredibly important and I would recommend having a partner and at least an hour to get it set up. What you'll want to do is set any phones you use regularly (particularly if they're on different carriers) and have one partner watch the signals on the phones (using the diagnostic digital output not just the bars(The wilson website can help you find this on your phone)). The other partner should move the antenna around to try to find the best signal. This partner also needs to keep the location of the repeater and desk top antenna in mind as if any of the components are too close the unit will turn its amplification factor down to avoid feedback. The installation guide calls for 20 feet between the antenna and the amplifier, but I found that 15 feet was serviceable as long as you had a wall or two in between as well.
Doom takes some hacking to get to work on a 3650 though.

Excellent customer support, fast replies, and their contact info, including phone, email, and website address, is clearly written in their manual.



8203	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This screen protector does an excellent job of protecting your phone from scratches, but it requires a lot of patience (and a very clean room) to apply. If you get any lint, dust or oil between the screen and this protector, it will be very noticeable when you use the phone later. Of course, since the screen protector is coated with adhesive, it's practically a magnet for dust. But since this is easily washable, it can be applied cleanly with the included squeegee and an appropriate amount of care. Once you have the screen protector on, it won't come off unless you want it to, but when removed, there is no residue left on the screen. All in all, a good product as long as you don't mind taking the time to apply it carefully and in a dust-free environment.

 3D Graphics Engine
I'm amazed that you can buy the actual Blackberry OEM skin for such a low cost on Amazon.  Verizon sells these for much more in the stores.  The skin is so useful and a great value, that whenever I need a free shipping filler, I plan on getting any other color I can find.  Great skin for my Verizon Blackberry 8330.
4. 1.3 Mp camera makes 17-40 kb sized pics ... WTF?!?
I have owned cell phones since the time of "the Brick," and 10 models in between. Now that coverage is excellent in most of the country (mountains are still a problem in this neck of the woods), if you want a phone to make phone calls, this is probably a little better than most. It is certainly more durable than the Razr.
6867	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GOOD

dual charging. Going that route, I assume, increases the size of the

1734	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We have gone through 3 of these phones if you just breath on it the sticker under the battery goes red = Wet.

-Awesome camera resolution. Really digital camera-like. Even the indoor night pictures w/ flash came out great! Most people think it's a camera because of the way it looks and they give you that weird look when you ask them to take a picture of you ... and you hand them a phone!
8441	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was a great price and works well.  It arrived fully charged, and when I unplug the power and do a few things Windows informs me that I have 3 hours of battery life left.  Not too bad considering my battery was completely dead before and this was $15.

CONS
1510	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have used the the Voyager 510 for two years. i have used it in every conceivable configuration. It has worked admirably with my two windows mobile devices (xv6700 and 6800). It even worked fairly well doing skype calls on the 6700 but not the 6800. I connect it everyday to my office VOIP phones(grandstream) at work and at home using the BF8 base units. The range is quite good with the base units (about 30ft.)I frequently use my 510's connected to both the base units and my cell phone at the same time. I have used it with my laptop for Skype and MSn calling with great success. The unit is quite rugged and easily stored in the pocket once you learn to turn the boom to vertical. There is no other ear-set this versatile and rugged. It is a thoroughly professional device for people serious about making and receiving clear phone calls. The ear-set is much more secure in the ear than others and allows me to wear it whilst crawling around, upside down and so forth. I use the ear-gels that are provided.
Not only is it designed well and fits great in my hand, but it has performed as necessary. My iPhone 4 is topped off very quickly and I no longer have to worry about using it too much during the day. The included charging cable works great and I normally charge it from my laptop while working at the office. The laser pointer is adequate, nothing special.
3276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This case is far from what I expected. The kickstand is awkwardly placed and it doesn't feel very comfortable when holding it. In addition the case is really thin. I wish I never hit the confirm purchase button.

pro:
Form:
-Battery cover can be very difficult to remove and replace (not a big deal unless you plan to remove/insert a microSD card frequently)
Aliph's Jawbone headset changed all that.  My friends and family no longer even suspect I'm in the car when I use it.  If they call me while I'm in a grocery store or department store, they hear neither the hubbub of the store nor the announcements over the building intercom.  Then I went to my favorite wing restaurant, which keeps the music pretty loud.  I stood directly under one of their speakers and asked my friend if she could hear it.  She thought she heard some people speaking faintly in the background.  She had no idea I was standing under a speaker with music blaring at me.
1828	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This phone has terrible battery life, a big sacrifice for the thin profile.  I've actually tried two RAZR's thinking the first was defective because it was unable to get me through the day.  The second was the same.  What good is a phone that must be tethered to the recharger most of the time?  I traded the RAZR for a pudgy Samsung SCH-a950.  Not as stylish, but so far the battery life has been great!  The RAZR does have a huge display and some nice features.  If they could only fix the battery problem!

6139	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My main concern is the screen of my smart phone consumes too much energy. Well, with this product it'll last my cell standby much longer when I'm out of nowhere !!
The battery seems excellent and I have not run it out yet. 15 hours may be possible! Seems to charge fast as well.
8407	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	not so good cheap broke really fast

2517	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	my friend tell me this it's great.
2 to 5 keys: Go down with the arrow 3 items to my inbox
  -It houses games too - who knew.
4440	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The first battery held a charge for maybe 6 hours. I contacted MyNetDeals and the very same day they sent me another one. I am using that battery but the charge only lasts two days at the most.

The only problem I have with this phone is the syncing.  The sync function has given me headaches since I opened the box.  No issues beaming data.  It just doesn't work well with the USB cable.
The only downsides I can find are:
7739	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best headset.  Great sound quality and volume, callers hear me well, battery charge lasts a LONG time, and best of all it is the only headset I have used that doesn't accidently dial my phone when it's in my pocket.  It prevents accidental pocket dialing because the boom mic needs to be unfolded to make calls.  Also, when someone calls all you have to do is unfold the mic and put the headset on your ear.  Do that and the headset will answer the call after a couple of seconds.
2267	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like this little case. I keep hanging on to my old Razr 3 phone and it slips in this case perfectly and slides out perfectly as well. I was happy! Highly recommended if you need this!
It did not come to me unlocked.
The Jawbone came apart just before the warranty ran out, therefore my letter reached Aliph after the warranty expiration date so Aliph has refused to replace the headset - THAT WAS USED NO MORE THAN 3 TIMES BEFORE COMING APART!
Service from Elago Design was prompt and the item came as described.
The only issue I have with the product is the LED light, not powerful enough to light up long distances so if you just need to see something close in a pinch this will work great.  I haven't had the need to use the laser pointer but it seems to be plenty powerful to point out any bullet point from a mile away, okay maybe not a mile but darn close.
User interface is easy.
My one beef is that if you have a car that was made after 1990 (with a heavily sloped windshield), which is about 95% of us, than thing isn't going to bend enough to give you a perfect viewing angle on the screen.  That being said, it's not that big of a deal.
7919	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This actually does NOT WORK FOR AN IPHONE 5!  however, it does improve the sound quality considerably when I use it as an extension for headphones for my MacAir  - eliminates crackles.
9796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Battery with normal voltage range
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.

I recommend this product

UPDATE as of November 2006:
If you go into a phone carrier or something like that, you can find a portable battery charger for $50-$200. That's normal. But this charger is the most inexpensive USB charger that I've ever seen, and it still has all the features of the expensive ones. If you truly need more power than this iTorch, you can pursue other options from New Trent! But 30 bucks, wow, remarkable.
5355	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this item for my BlackJack 2 primarily to listen to my music, watch videos, etc. I brought it with me on my drive to Vermont which was about 5-6 hours. After 5-6 hours wearing it, my ears did begin to hurt a bit after I removed it. This item does not have any volume adjustment. he sound quality was fine, no complaints. I had a call come in and I heard the other party fine. Unfortunately, the earbud wire length had different sizes one was really close to the ear and the mic is directly to your mouth which is fine and the other earbud wire was pretty long so the long wire sorta hangs on my face since I don't have a really wide face. It doesn't really bother me but I wish they constructed that better so it would look fine.

2999	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Was skeptical that I would actually receive a $3 car charger for my iPhone4 that works, but it does! Plugged it in and it started charging immediately. The cord is long enough that it can be used while charging, but not so long that it gets in the way (if you are using any type of windshield/dash mount the cord may not be long enough depending on where your outlet is located). I rarely ever use a car charger as my iPhone sits in a charging cradle all day at work, so if it only lasts for a few charges, it's well worth $3.
The belt loop and belt clip are a first for me, but the loops are thin enough that they aren't in the way if you only use the clip.  If you want to use the loops, the clip is definitely in the way, necessitating using the loops and the clip.  The loops don't inspire a great amount of confidence by themselves - so I just use the clip.
4930	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great adapter that I have in my car to connect my phone to the standard AUX cable, which does not directly plug into my iPhone 4GS, unless I remove the protective cover every time.
Cons:
-charges my Galaxy S3 quickly
 At this point - it became pretty obvious that he'd lost all interest in the call and wanted to just get me off the phone...
7553	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should. I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 with an EK group Aluminum Case and this bad boy fits it just fine.

I also don't understand people's complaints about flimsy construction.  This thing feels really solid to me, almost more than necessary.
It only gets better with age.



So it was not without trepidation that I pulled trigger on this little fella.  I am impressed!  The highest praise I can give is to say: IT. JUST. WORKS.  You take it out, charge it and pair it with your phone (Palm Centro, no problem at all).  In seconds I was using it and it sounded GREAT.  Both my wife (an occasional Luddite) and good friend said that it was actually BETTER than when I was talking on the handset regularly.  What more can you say?
I would recommend this product. You can't beat it for the price.
5037	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work well at all, was so quite I could not listen to anything.  Must have really thin wires or something.  I also ordered some black ones from eForCity, they look the same, but are black instead of white, and they worked great.


Cons:
One thing I neglected to mention. Since this device doesn't violate your ear orifice, it may be used successfully with hearing aids.


I don't know if I lost the power cord for recharging, or it wasn't in the box (maybe my preschooler flushed it?), but their customer service was excellent and they're sending a replacement in time for my flight to Ireland so I can watch movies on the long flight and have my iPhone available for work during all day, or multiple-day trips while aboard.  Maybe you only need an extra hour or two, but for not much more weight/size/expense, you could have 10x that amount of power.  And no, I don't work for them, I work for one of the larger webpages, and have raved to all my coworkers who will listen about this product, as well as my dad, sister...
8016	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS I CAN FIND MY GLASSES ANY TIME ON MY NIGHT STAND. LOVE THIS PRODUCT! AND THE TAPESTRY IS REALLY NICE.
is the portable charger for you. At 5200aMh, it's half the size of New
Good sound quality inbound and outbound
2983	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excellent service and product just as advertised
2594	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	My new phone doesn't have a headphone port so I had to finally go bluetooth.  I bought this because it was rated so high but so far it has been a big disappointment.  When I'm in the car I constantly had people telling me they couldn't hear me or I was cutting out.  I have pretty much junked it which is sad because now I'm using the handset.


6035 has the voice mail button and one click will get me to the voice or text message
microUSB charging just adds ease of operation, I even don't need included AC adapter because I have several microUSB cable, can charge right from computer
-the mic is closer to your mouth so your voice will sound better and clearer than a Bluetooth headset where the mic is way up by your ear. I tried a wireless Bluetooth headset and my voice always sounded distant and callers could hear ambient room noise around me. They said I sounded like I was using a speakerphone. But when I use this wired headset, they say my voice is quite clear and loud.
and I see another problem, there's no small silicone flan, fortunately, you can buy Sony and it fits (I use med size though)


I can make & receive phone calls with and without this device.  I was hoping that my coverage would increase and provide consistent 3G data capabilities that are very inconsistent.  However; I can not even send MMS with my phone right next to the device, even though the signal bars jump to '3-bars' showing a signal strength of -65db on 3G
4769	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I drove over my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H715-Black-Universal-Bluetooth-Handsfree-Headset-with-Travel-Charger-and-Car-Charger/dp/B001VT8F8I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H715 Black Universal Bluetooth Handsfree Headset with Travel Charger and Car Charger</a>&nbsp;one morning and was forced to switch to the Sennheiser as I had bought one to test for my wife.

 * if the IMP52D is being charged or
1005	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price fast shipping very pleased

5192	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this bluetooth device a few years ago and it is still going strong.
The device can be recharged overnight for use the next day.
My sole gripe is the volume of the ear piece.  Not quite loud enough when I am in a noisy situation.  The Plantronics could get loud enough to be uncomfortable.  When I am in my car, it is usually plenty loud.
Occasionally the LED or the laser would turn on, in my pocket, but the good thing is they auto-shutoff after about 30 seconds.

7205	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought these right when 3.0 for the iPhone came out and got a fantastic deal on them and i couldn't be happier. Battery life is amazing, i charge it it seems like once a month and i use it on my phone listening to music, on the playstation playing call of duty and for work taking phone calls. You sort of get use to the discomfort after a while, they aren't the most comfortable things in the world but they aren't unusable either. Sound quality was way above what i expected for wireless music. Just all around great headphones.
9510	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I went from no signal to two and three bars on my cell phones.  Very good product.
Summary? LOVE the case, would totally recommend it to anyone and everyone! Why 4 out of 5 stars? Because even though it's awesome, $20 is still too much in my opinion for a case...any case. But hey, if the price doesn't scare you off, then go for it! I promise you won't regret it!
* Memory card is located under the battery. I find it very annoying that I have to power down the phone to remove and replace the card. Hey, at least it's MicroSD.
4525	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	My equipment:
2520	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Everything OK
pant pocket, reception is marginal.
The price of the New Trent iTorch is unbeatable. For the price with free shipping from Amazon, you can't go wrong.  It is great to know that you have some reserve power if you leave home, right in your pocket.  It is very portable and light weight.  You can even keep it in your pocket while traveling.
5169	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Jabra SP5050 was easy to set and use. The only somewhat of a down side is I wish there was a little more volume to it. In heavy traffic it maybe hard to hear sometimes. Other than that works great.
Pros:

3236	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love this screen protector. It came on time and the product was just as expected. I love how it comes equipped with everything you need to install it. A wetnap, dry nap, cleaning cloth, and the flattening clip you use to even out the protector once its on. It looked very professional and my Galaxy S4 Screen looks SUPER vibrant and clean. You can not even tell that theres a screen protector. I would recommend this screen protector to anyone because the value surpasses the price. Afforable and efficient.
You can turn off the lights, so you don't look like you have aircraft marker lights on your head when you're using it.

9087	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently received the new trent external charger and here is my input.
2069	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This is supposed to be a case for an iPhone 3-4s.  It is too large.  If you have a VERY thick protective cover it maybe what you are looking for.  But for naked iPhones or ones with thinner protective covers, it is too big.
Update (12/31/09): Now that I've had this for a while, there are a couple things I'd like to add to my review and unfortunately, my rating is going down to four stars. I still like the device, but the low volume issue has gotten to be annoying- It is just barely adequate- and that's too low if there is any distraction or other noise in the car. Another issue is the one big function button- It has no "click-feel" so you don't know when you've pressed it "enough". And since the volume is low, it's hard to hear the signal that it's answered. I frequently hang up on people by pressing the button twice while trying to answer calls.
I highly recommend it overall!



Needless to say, this sucker's getting returned. Sorry Amazon.



6467	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does wonders! I work in an area that has patchy or no signal. As long as I have my phone (Verizon-iPhone 7plus) in the cradle, I always have a signal and am able to make phone calls. However, data sometimes is slow. But I bought it for phone calls.
This is not a slider or a flip. It's a solid piece and that means it's very sturdy. Sliders come with flex cables that are subject to damage. Just Google "flex cable" and add any slider phone.
I hooked it up in a few second (but realized the GROUNDING WIRE is key to killing the hum).  Apparently a lot of units in this price range omit this ESSENTIAL feature.
5909	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 along with several phone cases and this portable charger. I bought the charger mainly because I am unable to charge my phone with my cigarette lighter adapter. There is a short somewhere. I use the GPS on my phone, especially when traveling long distances. There have been numerous times when I have had to stop for hours to use an outlet in order to charge the battery on the phone, otherwise I get lost! This charger is a fantastic solution to my problem. It is lightweight, compact, and extremely versatile. It can be used on many of my electronics and I no longer have a different adapter/charger for every one. The price is very reasonable and the order shipped the same day I ordered it. Received it in 2 business days.
9060	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I carry many portable devices and sometimes I'm away from the office or home all day long. It's nice to have this charged and ready to go in case of emergencies. The charge capacity is great for it's size. It's perfect for my iPhone 5, 4G hot spot, and iPad. Probably not fully charging all three on one charge, but enough to last me the day. I don't use the laser pointer or the flashlight at all, though it's nice to know I have it in a pinch. I don't use it everyday. When I do need it, it's great.
You have to position the phone on your ear in a certain precise place, otherwise you will hear nothing.

1355	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	100 good


5632	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	No problems if you have right fittings?
I like that I can sync it with Outlook but it requires some tweaking to get what you want.  Tech support is pretty good but you need to call the 800 number because the sales people don't seem to really know much about it.  In fact one sales rep gave me bad info and I lost some pictures.
So you sacrifice some portability over the bluebuds, but you get a great ease of use, very good sound, and less than half the price.
6907	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Batteries are as advertised and arrived on time.  They appear to be fresh and worked well when installed in several watches.
3126	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought these today at WalMart, and they are terrible. After cutting with a paper trimmer, they were perfect size. Although after VERY careful and slow application, rolling on just a cm at a time, air bubbles would form. I tried rolling the protector on as slow as possible while rubbing from center out with a microfiber cloth. After application, and only rubbing the protector with microfiber, it was scratched past the point of no return. I cannot imagine what this screen protector would look like after a few days of use.
The EVDO network and a small piece of software called "PDAnet" which lets you use the Treo as a broadband modem for your laptop or PDA.
3. I have had one of these on my P7000 for over a year, and it still looks like new.  Not a scratch on it. Optically, they are completely transparent, so you won't even notice they are there either.
- The stereo headphones that comes with it include a 3.5mm adapter. While the included headphones sound great, this adapter gives you the flexibility to use your Bose, Shure or other stereo headphones. A very nice option.

7113	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This screen protector is actually slightly smaller than the clear plastic it is covering.  It looks like it was cut the same size as the area that lights up rather than the plastic piece.  Also, it did not include some of the `frills' that you see in similar products - no little stiff card to aid application - no cleaning cloth.  However, the protecter went on well and did include a protective cover on both sides of the `protector' to aid application.  Great price and the smaller size doesn't bother me.  Would definitely recommend.
2276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	as described
582	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If yours looking for a band alternative that isn't metal then this is for you. Flows well with the moto 360 gen 2. I am a nurse and I wash my hands multiple times during a shift and so far it has held together well.

382	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this for my son's phone, and he can go a whole day without a recharge.  Having had an S4 for a few years myself, I know it's tough going more than 4-5 hours without finding a charger.  This goes a whole day of rather heavy use and still has some juice to spare at bedtime.  Plug it in when going to bed, and you have another full day of bliss.
5731	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Item arrived on time, works well. I hoped to use it to get the pictures of a phone with out a microsd card but have to have that little card in their. It's a great cheap replacement, let ya'll know about any problems!

1315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The sound is horrible... people say I sound like I am in a muffled tunnel. And I bought two, to have in case the BT ran down.... poor me..... And my Plantronics 620 works like cr*p too. No noise cancellation worth a d*mn... forget about using it when driving a car.... I am trying to find a new one...


Ipod Touch 4th Gen


 * After about 8 hours, blue lights 2, 3 & 4 are continuously lit, presumably indicating the IMP52D is fully charged
If you've wanted a BT speakerphone before but held off, your time is now...buy the SP5050 and be happy!



I've configured my computer's sound system to use bluetooth for playing and recording audio.  I've tried pressing the 590's Phone and Mute buttons to unmute the microphone, but nothing seems to work.

1) It's comfortable if you have a small to medium thin ear.
Stable (no random disconnects, power-offs, etc)

4997	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good item
The main downfall with this phone I've had for almost 2 months now is that the camera works on and off. Sometimes when you try to access it it works fine, and other times, the screen goes stationary and doesn't go to the camera at all so you must wait and then come back to it.
9350	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So... I waited for the iPhone to go 3G.  I was even willing to pay for a data plan I did not need, then I found out it's going to cost even more.  I bought this unlocked Nokia instead and kept my cheap voice plan only.  So far I'm very happy with my decision.
Motorola suggested to pay Verizon to enable the Internet services, then sync the phonebook that way.  We are not ready to pay Verizon $50 per phone per month to just sync up the phone book.
6491	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Barely worked better than not being hooked to it at all.  I was hoping for much more.
4536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Plantronics makes the best bluetooth headsets you can get for the cost. No contest. I have made the mistake of purchasing Jawbone, Sennheiser, BlueParrot, Motorolla, Blue Trek, and god only knows which others. Plantronics is the only brand I've purchased more than 1 of. While many of these brands cost well over 4 to 5 times what this one does, none of them can compare on battery life, consistency of connection, or all around value. This headset does take some getting used to as the rubber boot on it slightly penetrates your ear, but after a few days you will forget you are wearing it. The only headset I've found that was easier to hear was the sennheiser, but it likes to stop communicating with your phone til you re-pair it and costs about 6 times what this does.
It holds more batteries which is absolutely nice, it has LED lights which, now that I've experienced them, I'm sure I would find it annoying using another charger without them (as you can quickly glance over to see if your batteries are done, rather then having to decipher some strange black and white, hard to read code).
1731	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have owned two in the past two years and my daughter has another one.  Reliable, inexpensive, practical, easy to use.  Tons of accesories and add-ons.  One of the best, if not the best, Motorola has ever made.
The big inside screen. I have watched tons and tons of movies I'd put on my SD and they were amazing. I loved the phone for all it could do, but it got wet and the keypad stopped functioning.
5000	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works as designed.  I bought this to fit through the headphone jack on my Mophie and into the iPhone 5s so I didn't have to carry the one that comes with the Mophie around with me. It works, but I did have to shave a just a bit of the plastic off the base of the jack with a razor blade.
1291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	There is no volume set on it for your voice no one can here me - I wish I did not throw away the package


-Some users report the units have been fragile/prone to breakage
First time it got knocked off the night stand while plugged in, the back of the case cracked next to the charger plug.  I put a glob of superglue gel on it to stop the crack from spreading any more.  That worked, but it does not look very good.
5679	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have the Blackberry Pearl 8110. Ever since I got it, charging it has been a huge hassle due to a faulty usb port. Thankfully, I discovered this charging pod for it as an alternative way to charge the battery. The second I placed my phone on the charger, it signaled a charge. No more removing and reinserting the charger into the bad usb port 20 times, struggling to get it to charge. I can now just sit my phone in this little pod. This is fantastic!
6882	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	These batteries only last a week each for my watch, which is a very standard one.

4. Heavily customizable
6911	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Arrived very quickly in good packaging.  I was quickly able to replace the battery in my Wife's watch.  A good product.
2177	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought from Amazon and was in retail box with all cables. The install went quick and it did an update from Motorola. This updates to Version 5.10a and it finds the phone every time. MotoRokr Z6m with US Cellular.
- Very compact. Put it in a pocket and don't even realize it!
1285	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I own this headset and the sound quality is very poor.  I end up having to pick up the handset manually so I can hear the person on the other end.  This defeats the purpose of hands free in a car.  In a quiet room it works fine.  Do not buy this if you intend to use it in a car, bus or train.

1. The manual was confusing. It was easier for me than some people would find it, since I have technical experience with computers, networks, etc.
8541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not so good compare to the other kld case
music player w/ regular headphone jack, opposed to one strictly for cell phones

2900	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The YX510 dual band repeater works well. I bought it mainly for a Verizon broadband USB modem that was only getting at best 2 bars and sometimes none. As soon as I hooked up the zboost (with the signal antenna at the roof peak), I went to 5 bars. I was getting RSSI of -100 and up and that went to -65 so I am getting a good signal to the USB modem now. I went from download/upload speeds of 100/75 to 650/250. I have the zboost sitting right beside the laptop so I cannot speak for range. I haven't tried it with my cell phone but its bars went up, too. It is a tad pricey, but it makes broadband possible for me whereas my only other choice would have been Hughes Net satellite which isn't getting such great reviews from users and is not portable at all.
1) To turn the headset on and off is as easy as opening and closing the mic, just like a mini-cell phone.  This will save the battery life.  As long as you are not one of those people who feel the need to wear their headset 24/7, this is a great feature.
But here's the thing: This product has shown me that my Blackberry screen is not perfectly flat. Run your fingers over your 8310 and if you have the same model as me, you'll see what I mean - the black area with the "BlackBerry" logo is gently rounded into a "bump" shape.

8716	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	excelente producto, era lo que en realidad estaba esperando, me llego a tiempo, excelente compra, .) :) :) :) :)
So I've owned the product for about three weeks now, and there are a few quirks I've noted that some others have as well.
8333	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pros: xenon camera flash, 5mp camera, excellent reception
ZIP: Creates, opens, downloads and sends ZIP folders
5) Now you can saturate the whole band of tape with CA.  This will create an incredibly strong patch.  Use the saran wrap to press down the cut end of the tape as you glue and it will end up perfectly flat.
7992	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this data cable for my Net 10 Samsung SGH-T401g. It was plug and play and it also charges my phone while connected to the computer. I also downloaded Samsung PC Studio for free to use along with this and my phone.
9974	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I needed a new battery for my LG phone and looked up the size that fixes.  When I got this battery it was too small.  I don't know if they sent the wrong size or what but in any case I sent it back.
* The multimedia software is excellent; both on the device and on the desktop. You can watch movies, listen to MP3s and check out your photos on the handset. The Music software is not as good as what's on the Sony Walkman w580i phone, but it gets the job done. The Roxio-powered Media Manager software for the desktop offers super-easy drag and drop of MP3s and movies. It even converts files on the fly so they work with the Curve. This is one of the best additions to BlackBerry. The easy to use  interface really turns this into a multimedia device.
2753	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ok
Cons:
9822	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The batteries work were purchased to for my pedometer, however the pedometer that I purchased these batteries for hardly works now.
You need to know which general direction the cell tower is and where in the house you want to use the reciever for the cell phone.  If for instance you place the transmitting antenna on the north end of the house facing south the system will not work. The recieving antenna will be in the wrong place.  Its a very good system if you install it the way it HAS to be installed.  Understand that the recieving antenna for the cell phone and the transmitting antenna for the cell tower by neccessity use the same frequency (the cell phone frequencies).
The Centro comes with a great suite of software preloaded onto the phone.  The two email programs work very well with POP3 and IMAP email accounts, although I prefer the VersaMail over Sprint Mobile Mail.  I've also been somewhat partial to the Palm Organizer over MS Outlook.  It also comes with Documents To Go, which lets you open and edit Word and Excel files and lets you view PowerPoint and pdf files.  There's a free download available to upgrade Docs To Go so you can open Office 2007 files and it gives you some basic Power Point editing abilities.  The GoogleMaps and IM software are nice and work very well.  The entertainment package of pTunes, Sudoku and Solitaire are nice and work ok, however I found that Sprint TV had some problems syncing up audio and video.  The video seemed a step behind.  But I loaded SlingPlayer for Palm OS on it and the Centro works great for watching pocket-sized TV in conjunction with a Slingbox.
When I bought the phone it came with the USB cable I mentioned earlier, as well as a stereo hands-free headset with a detachable mic, and, joy of joys, a 1 gigabyte memory card! That's a really nice thing to have! I've got quite a bit of music on mine and it isn't even close to being filled. Tiny card, too. About the size of a fingernail.
4810	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Programming was OK, not easy but not very difficult.  Seems to be more durable than the remote that came with the alarm, had problems with the metal frame holding the battery to stay soldered on the remote electronic base.  Had remote for a month with no problems, would recommend.
5430	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great phone, nice cam, 2gb included, tv output, many functions, many software, many games
4755	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I got this for my wife.  It worked for a few months, then it simply wouldn't come on anymore.  We have no idea why.  Save your money and get a better quality headset. That's just my opinion,
1st LED: "in use" when plugged into your desire device & detects a charge
627	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Mounted the 60c on my motorcycle using this item.  Works well.  Seems very stable though I wrap the wrist band around the mirror for extra safety.

Pros--
728	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This headset was a piece of junk right out of the box. I had nothing but problems with it and threw it away after the first day.




- Form
The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that it I'd say about 10% of the time, it sounds echoey and I have to break between the phone and the headset and resync them to take care of it.  Also, I have a big head (6'5" with a 7 7/8" hat size) and the headset gets rather uncomfortable after wearing it for over 20 minutes or so.  I did not have this issue with my Jabra.
Also disappointed in the lack of a USB or AC charger.  My fault for not noticing that this only comes with a car charger - not very convenient for how we typically charge.
Durability: People say the LG Shine has a stronger build than the Sony Ericsson, but if you actually compare the two, you find that you cannot actually compare the two... Why? The SE is a plastic phone; the LG shine is a plastic phone with metallic components. One thing that is not usually noted is that the Shine actually has VERY little metal in its body; it's only the battery cover and some of the front. The LG shine doesn't really feel that much more durable than the SE. If you drop the shine, you will certainly damage the screen, and/or scratch the body, and/or break the phone. With something plastic, eg. Sony Ericsson, a drop will do no more than give a few scratches. Regarding the slider mechanism, the LG Shine's "snaps" when you open and close it, whereas the SE's slider is not as snappy. Due to the difference in the way that the phones slide, it isn't really accurate to say that one feels more durable than the other. Since the durability was one of my biggest concern in getting the phone, I did a test of each phone upon cracking open the box: I opened and closed each phone 300 times. Results: The LG Shine's slider remained the same; the SE's slider got smoother after the test.
6797	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good price
There is a great deal of static that I do not experiance with the replacement head set.
+Standard USB outlet ensures compatability with most devices you already own.


I have also used this headset successfully with Skype on both Windows and Mac.  The only catch is that it can only be active with one device at a time, so you have to disconnect/release it from your cell phone, before you can successfully use it with Windows or Mac.  This makes switching back and forth between your PC and phone a bit cumbersome.  Of course, it took a couple of hours to get it working under Windows, but it worked first try on the Mac ;-)

4451	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was very pleased with my order.  Shipping was fast and the quality of my item was just as nice as advertised. I will be buying again..
Wrap up:

I don't see where all the bad reviews for this phone come from. I've had mine for a month and haven't had a single problem. It's not slow, it never froze, never reboot, etc. I guess maybe update to the current firmware and you won't have those problems. Battery life is ok; maybe 2 days of making calls, using bluetooth, messaging, and a few pictures. The camera takes excellent pictures and video. If you are thinking about buying this phone and have second thoughts based on bad reviews, just go buy it and use your PC to update it to the current firmware. You won't be disappointed.
8786	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	perfect charger.
128	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good

6525	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm thinking that this booster would've worked well if we would've had an adequate signal to boost. After trying several times I called tech support at Wilson and they suggested that I check to see if we had 70-90db available to boost. When we realized that there wasn't a strong enough signal to boost we were able to repackage and return the booster. Great customer service!


 Well, if i need to come up with one, I would ask for the base which supports the phone from the bottom was about 1/4 to 3/8 longer. It's not all that important.
Thanks
Pros: Will securely hold a variety of phones, quality craftmanship & materials for the price.

I purchased the Jawbone at full retail at an AT&T store (and they will replace it if it falls apart and you still have the receipt)as I could not find a headset with the right fit without trying it on (they have sample headsets that you can try) and I was leaving on a business trip shortly. However, as I noted, I bought this at Amazon for my brother and he LOVES it (had a Motorola and Jabra before). He wears it every day when he walks to work and in the car when he is driving.
A big challenge is that the two larger pieces (interior antenna and booster) have to face the same direction and you only have the length of the cable to work with. They also can't be too close together. Then you have to figure out which window to use, so it can be tricky. I finally learned (after a call to tech support) that the booster and the antenna should really be at very similar heights; I had the antenna in a window and the booster on top of a tall bookshelf before discovering that it was much better if I moved the booster from the top of the shelf down to the middle shelf. Also, a clear line of sight between the two components is ideal.
5745	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This comes with 2 screen protectors, one each for the internal and external screens.  I only use the external one, as I don't see any need for the internal screen to be protected.  It was simple to install (took 2 minutes), and the touch screen works perfectly with it on.  I've had it for 2 months, and it's needed no maintenance whatsoever, and still looks brand new.  A great deal.

1337	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Easy install/easy charge, good battery time.  Works well inside quiet car.  Ocasionally drops bluetooth connection for no apparent reason that I have been able to figure out yet.  I keep it in the car and use it when my wife and I are driving to have a c"conference call" with the kids or grandkids.  We can almost always hear very well on our end.  The other end ranges form good to "are you on a speakerphone, I can't understand you".  I have a Plantronics Voyager-510 which I use for private conversations which I rate as 5 stars, so the Motorola HF820 is used infrequently.  I had intended to use it as a back-up for the 510, but the 510 only ran out of battery once and that was when the power source for the charger was left off for 3 days.
There is a "pouch" at the rear of this "holster" as I call it, which accomodates an extra battery .. but the bottom is also open, so battery could (and did once) slip through & fall. Easily remedied with some Barge leather glue and a strip of leather available at hobby store for $2.99 for 3 feet of it. When wearing on your belt, natural "tension & pulling" will cause the stitching to be strained, so I reinforced weak points with the same bits of leather. Put the Barge cement on both surfaces, let it "tack up" for 10-15 minutes, and attach. It will cover the stitching, and provide extra strength. I'll try and attach a photo of what I did both to the OLD case and this new one for extra "OMG" strength. This should answer the concerns of a previous reviewer.

8146	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like this charging station. I use it for my iPad mini and the cell phones we have in the house. It makes things a lot neater instead of cords laying all over the place. Now everyone comes to one place to charge there devices.  This also stopped my daughter from losing her power cord.

-The data speeds are not lightning fast

7151	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great

Can't stress enough how great it is to only carry one cable.


4969	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Simple device; Inexpensive; Works well.  Note the contacts are regular steel.  If you want higher fidelity with gold headphone jacks, look for one similar to this, but with gold plated contacts.  This little pigtail is quite flexible, and does not lose connection when bent.


4392	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	They charge about $5 for shipping EACH. I was gonna order 4 of them and they wanted to charge my $20 for shipping! Sleazy.
3230	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got this phone for my wife, and she likes it.  Has all the stuff she's used to (we've had Motorola phones for years).  I'm a little disappointed that it doesn't comunicate well with with our PC via a USB cable and Motorola Phone Tools, but I was able to set it up with her contacts and such.  It's very attractive and works well.  Guess we'll see how well it holds up.  I'd read the reviews about it not being very durable, but my wife is very careful and gentle with her phones, so it will probably be just fine.  So far, it's great!
2490	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Motorola H500 Bluetooth Headset review
8665	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My only quam is that it is light. If it were heavier then it wouldn't move so much when transfering phone 2 or fro the dock
My only complaint - the darn ringers are way too quiet. I've missed calls with the phone only a few feet away, or on the car seat next to me with the radio on (and not that loud!)
Nice neat base to store and charge both the handset and headset.  The base will also charge my Plantronics Voyager 510 headset.
Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!
So, I guess we will have to live with these workarounds/issues until AT&T provides us with an update! People outside the phoenix area shouldnt have these probs.
I recommend the phone most highly.

3223	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The good: This arm band works well, and stays on my arm with me cellphone while running.
3791	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First thing was to simply plug in and test all the connections for power, all were good. One nice thing about the design is that it is corded, which does not put tension on the primary plug and causing it to disengage. We will be utilizing on a cross country trip in a few weeks where it will be used daily. We will see how it goes.
8911	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had the opportunity to take the iTorch with me this past week Camping.  Its a very nice product, easy to hang on too and small enough to fit in a pocket with ease.  The LED flashlight is a handy feature.  It's not overly bright but it worked well in a pinch in a tent.  I managed to get about 2 charges out of the iTorch for my phone.  I used it during some of the charging time so, I might have been able to get more out of it had the phone been off.  This would be quite handy for a photographer who uses their phone as a Geotagging device when taking pictures.  I have been to Maine in Acadia State Park a few times and turned Geotagging on my phone.  It certainly eats through battery.  My only problem with the device is that between charging, turning the LED or Laser on or off.  It can get a little difficult.  It was pretty easy to shut the battery pack off when turning on or off the LED and a few times the LED came on when I just wanted the battery pack on.  It could be because of my lack of time with the device, but a separate button to turn on the LED or Laser would make this a 5 star device.

4891	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After losing my last Plantronics 510 to a "dog incident", I picked up another 510, a Motorola H710 and a Jabra BT8040 and put them to the test head-to-head.  I use a Uniden cordless land-line phone that can pair with a BT headset, and a Palm Centro smartphone.  All three of these phones support multipoint.  The H710 failed to cancel echo (my voice played back to me delayed) on the Uniden phone, and the BT8040 would not pair with the Uniden at all.  All three worked well with the Centro.


6645	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product. I bought if for my daughter, but tried it out at my place first.  She lives in a 'dead spot' where cell phones work poorly at best of times and often not at all. Hoped it would solve her problem, but it wasn't the fault of the Signal Booster, hated to have to part with it.
8943	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been using the New Trent IMP52D for about a week now. I've put it through its paces and used it VERY heavily, it has basically been the 2nd device I have been caring with my everywhere I go. Anytime I needed to charge my phone I used it. So needless to say I was able to get a very good feel for what I liked and disliked about it.
585	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	perfect for what i wanted. great seal, no defects, great product. and a good price too, not one bad thing to say about this. do your research, decide on a size and color, and rest. Otterbox and Pelican make good stuff.


Bottom line: I would recommend this bluetooth if you have the patience to try it out. Perhaps mine was indeed defective, but the voice isolation certaintly wasn't as "great" as other users and professional reviews suggested.
As you can see I really don't have much bad to say about this device.  I am only now replacing it after 2 years of use and that is because the earpiece fell out and I can't find the pack that came with it.  It still works!  I replaced this unit with the Plantronics Discovery 925 and I might like that even better.  For the money though you cannot beat the Voyager 510 in my opinion.  5 stars!
1591	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No complaints here. Excellent sound quality - the volume can be turned up nice and loud. Fewest "bluetooth clicking noises" of any bluetooth device I've used. Hardly hear them at all unless you walk to far away from the source.
1) Gives me rock solid stability in making in house phone calls. Before my signal was so weak, I could barely pick up the signal outside the house, about 115dbm and had no signal at all inside the house most of the time
- I love the fact that I now have an "International Number" for whenever I travel. I just pop the SIM card into my Quad-Band phone and I'm all set!
I don't like that I have to hold the talk button down for 1 second before placing a call, either.  Like, why not just have to tap the talk button like on most other headsets?


- Enough volume to hear even in some noisy environments.
1882	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I threw this thing in the gabarge as soon as I unwrapped it. It looks like it came from the dollar store.

-Can play music
The only thing one must watch out for is the bubbling if the screen is put on carelessly.  This is really annoying.  An excellent product that only misses 5 stars due to the price for something so simple and inexpensive to make and distribute.

I love that NewTrent  included a pouch, I like to keep my things together, especially when you have unplug-able cables, a manual, etc. I am always losing cables or misplacing them or even mixing them up with other cables (yes we are a techie / electronic family) so its nice they included the pouch! Having said that though,  I do have to say the pouch is a bit too small to put everything in there, especially when you do not want your items scratched up... its a tight fit to put both cables in there with the iTorch and manual -- maybe 1.5x larger would have been perfect!
UPDATE - I have spoken to weBoost support and after some troubleshooting they think I received a bad unit. They are sending me a replacement out. As soon as I have received it and tried it out, I will update this review.
6271	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This thing is awsome!!  I use it for my iphone 4 and I don't know how I lived without it! I keep it with me when I'm on the go with no charger around. On my first full charge, I was able to successfully charge me iphone 4 from 20% to full about 3 times.  From my experience it takes about 1 hour for every 20% to charge.
I paired the Cardo S-2 with my Fujitsu laptop, running XP Professional SP1, with the Widcomm software, version 4.1 and couldn't get it to work with Realplayer or Windows Media Player at all. I then tried version 5.1, but the result was not much better:  just a few sporadic sounds came out. However, when I paired it with the BlueSoleil software version 1.64, I got these headphones to work on my laptop. The music quality was good (but not as good as on my Nokia), but there were breaks once in a while in the music, which I never had with my Nokia 6300b. However, when I tried the software version 3.2 (Bluesoleil), the sound quality of the music was perfect with no gaps. The only remaining problem I had was that MSN Messenger and Yahoo Instant Messenger did not recognize the microphone on my Cardo S-2 (like my Nokia does). When I emailed Cardo's tech support and told them about this problem, I got this abstract robotic response blaming Microsoft's drivers. But I remedied that by buying the tiny $5 Labtec Mic 333 and plugging it into the microphone jack of my laptop's sound card.




4425	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery came sooner than on time, and in perfect condition. Much needed and glad it was so available at such an inexpensive price.

7162	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great
6440	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This works okay for short conversations and I still wish I could find a decent bluetooth that does NOT have ANYTHING that goes inside your ear, but this is VERY VERY uncomfortable if you're talking on the phone for a long time.  I've been in so much pain that rolling over in my sleep hurts my ear.  Spend more money for a better model!  I'm looking again for something that will work.
3389	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I received the cable very quickly. When I got around to connecting it, the picture was very faded and there was a very loud humming noise coming from the speakers. I connected my old cable back and the issue was gone. Requested a refund and shipping is prepaid. Bad cable. Good return process
-I think the activation of the led light could have been better.
7526	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Fell apart within days. Material shredded and seems feel apart. I loved the look of it and the option of horizontal or vertical. But horrible manufacturing. Horrible. I should have listened to other reviewers. I can't believe this product is still offered. My dog ate it before I could send it back.

-*Short cut navigation key for some reason the category "My content" doesn't let you make a shortcut for the sections within it. I want a shortcut key to Google maps, which is within 'my content', but it doesn't allow it, the best it will do is let you shortcut to 'my content' and then you have to scroll from there which is kinda annoying..
Connecting the cables is really easy. The antenna cable has a coaxial connection to the bottom of the Drive 4G-S. The kit also includes a 12V DC Power Adapter that can be plugged into a cigarette lighter port or an auxiliary power port. The adapter has a standard sized USB port on the end of its black plastic handle to plug in the power cable. The other end of the power cable is connected to the power port on the bottom of the 4G-S Drive, right next to the antenna cable. All the wiring is done at this point.
-  Some rubber on it would prevent it from slides on the desk.
 Includes a Micro USB charging cable for charging the power bank or a Micro USB device.
We've been using it for over a month now.  We now have 5 bars in the kitchen area (from about 2), and 3-4 in the nearby office (from 1-2).  We can make and receive calls reliably from most of the downstairs, which has made a night-and-day difference with our cellphone use.  This thing is great!

4444	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Given the other reviews here, decided that getting two batteries would be smart due to the freshness issue, in case the first one didn't last as long.  (My original battery was worn out.)  It's been a couple months now and the first battery is still going strong where before I needed to have the charger with me to finish my calls.  Price was a major factor here compared to retail and I wanted to wait a few months before considering a new phone.  The much lower price made this plan easier, giving me plenty of time to consider the next generation of Razr.  And if these batteries quickly died in the short-term then I didn't lose that much in the deal.
UPDATE: Wife would not let me on the roof. Installed behind bushes in the front of the house pointing in the direction of my nearest cell tower. This will not boost your entire house, but it will boost any room you install the unit in. When I receive a cell call I go into my den and the reception is perfect. Nice Product. (to find cell towers go to antennasearch dot com.)



The Treo does a lot - it probably has the best SMS interface on the market, but the rest is just ok.  For example, the mp3 player works, but not as good as a dedicated mp3 player like an iRiver or iPod.  The e-mail application works, but the IMAP implementation is poor, and POP3 performance is inconsistent re: leaving or deleting messages from the server.  If you want a good e-mail application on the Treo, you'll have to buy a 3rd party program that will be almost as good as the blackberry.  But you will have to buy this app, and the more 3rd party apps you load, the less stable the device.  What I'm saying is the Treo is a jack of many trades but it's a master of none (except SMS/MMS messaging.)  While I am a Palm faithful, I'm afraid that if you want a *stable* phone, e-mail, address book and schedule, the blackberry is the way to go, but you won't have the bells and whistles (camera, mp3 player, 3rd party apps and touch screen) that come with a Treo.  Yes, that means I now have a crackberry.  It was a Xmas gift from a friend who was tired of hearing me complain about my Treo.  Here is the bottom line: if you're getting this device as a business tool where missed calls or e-mails translate to lost money, get a blackberry.  If you want a really cool phone with all the bells and whistles you can fathom and you like loading 3rd party applications and you like having a fun device to play with, then you will absolutely love the Treo.
3555	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	having previously owned a treo 650, nokia symbian phones, and numerous PDA's, been pretty happy with this phone (note i use it only for email/internet and not actually as a phone).
6283	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I haven't gotten the battery to work with my iPhone 4.  The first few times it worked fine, but now every time I connect it I get a warning saying it is an unsupported accessory.  I emailed with the manufacturer and they said they'd contact me with info on how to get a new device, but I still haven't heard back (after trying to email again many times).  Doesn't work at all for me.



8023	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this item and was very disappointed because this is not the cable I was looking for.  It fits the RAZR V3, not RAZR2 V8/V9.  The connector is mini USB, much larger than the advertised micro USB.  Beware.
5656	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my BB 9650. I have an IGo car charger and home charger and $10 tips make for easier purchases than $25 chargers every time I switch a device. So far this ha sbeen great.
I'd return the GDB 55 except that the traffic data really can get the 255 to change its recommendations.  So, fool that I may be, I'm going to keep working with it on the hope that the traffic data service will improve.  I figure (a) it's part of the price of getting in when a service is relatively new and (b)I can always hit Detour manually as we did last weekend should we start getting anxious again.
So far so good, and many more hundreds of uses to come!
The Ugly (yea, I know, "original," right?):
Because this item DOES NOT FIT in this narrow opening, I was unable to use it.  My time and money were wasted on this product.  I cannot use my third-party headphones with my iPhone.  I must use the poor-quality Apple earbuds, or buy another adapter which actually works.
*It's made mostly of aluminum which is cool

763	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked great for my 4wheeler addition through the storage uniton the front.
 -I haven't had any problems with dropped calls.
It accepts mp3 and other music files as ringtones.
COMPLAINTS:
To conclude, I think despite the mixed reviews, I have been extremely satisfied with mine. Item was received free of charge in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.

7292	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent condition, just as describe


Unfortunately, there are a lot more negative things with this unit that keeps me from recommending it.
1399	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	best of the best when it comes to plantronic top choice overall



7017	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far so good. Functions as good as the OEM.
But if someone comes out with a quad band GSM phone with good signal handling and no side buttons you'll see my KRZR on Ebay the next day.
2146	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Used this on my jetski to keep the registration and such dry. Large enough for cell phone, although I don't know it it would float with a phone in it.
947	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Worked for about 2 months. At 1st it wouldn't turn on unless you connect it back to the charger then unconnect about 2-3 times. Then the volume got stuck on low and will not get any louder.




8003	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this Chargepod bundle pack after reading a good review of it in a computer magazine. Our household has around 5 different mobile devices which need recharging at one time or another. The area where we keep all the charging cables was beginning to look really cluttered. Plus, we were fighting over shared charging cables (e.g. for two blackberries).
5099	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works great with software from Samsungs website.  Also charges my phone from my laptop, which is conveinent.

Connection with my Palm Pre (Sprint) was easy, as the generic PIN wasn't needed to be entered. I had to use a splitter to power both my car charger for my Palm Pre (I use a Touchstone, and the USB port doesnt provide enough power for the Touchstone) and it works just as well. Both profiles showed up on my device and on the LiquidAUX. The LiquidAUX displays orange when connected and blue when in use, and there is an icon for music and for voice which helps indicate which profile is being used. The best part of the LiquidAUX thus far has been its consistent connection. It quickly connects to my Palm Pre in about 8 seconds after starting the vehicle (I have it attached to a port that turns off with the vehicle). The remote is great, as it pauses most audio programs running on my Pre (Pandora, what gives?!). The directions say that you can initiate voice commands with the 'Phone' button, but my Palm Pre has yet to implement this feature so I couldn't test it out.
3937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Again, Amazon shipped me a returned item. Package appeared to have been previously opened. If it was a return, why ship it out again to another customer?
1675	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Definitely a good buy, especially as the price keeps dropping!  Excellent sound.  I have it paired with a Razr, and it was fairly straightforward, after I carefully re-read and understood the instructions :-)
1708	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Its stopped working after an year use. disappointed.
Pros: Extra battery that will recharge my my phone up to two and a half times from one charge on the battery. It accepts the standard USB and micro USB based on charging needs which is always a plus being these cables have become the de facto standard for charging cell phones.

Motorola is going to the micro USB for newer headsets but that is not so bad because fr a few bucks you can get an adapter to convert the mini USB to micro.  What Motorola did wrong with the H800 is to place the power connector on the hinge for the earhook.  This is an awkward location compared to having it on the back like the H700/H710.  To make it even worse, because the connector rests against your skin they put a flimsy plastic door over the connector.  Every time I tried to charge the headset I was expecting the door to break.

------------------
All in all, this is a very good headset at a great price.
Another con is the lack of EDGE or 3G technology on this phone.  Cingular is currently offering a 3G RAZR with many of these features (having iTunes replaced with Motorola's proprietary DAP MP3 player and no song limit), but sadly that phone is a tri-band model.  The download speeds are comparable to a 56K dial-up home connection, but many of us are now using cable or DSL at home, and at work using a T1/T3 connection, which makes downloading data from the Internet on my phone seem slow and cumbersome.

- Also, it produces A LOT of friction and a real hassle if you're going to be taking it in and out of tight jeans/pants often. I bought a belt-clip (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/PREMIUM-BLACK-HORIZONTAL-LEATHER-CASE/dp/B000YLYRF4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">PREMIUM BLACK HORIZONTAL LEATHER CASE</a>) specifically to avoid this problem. (on a side note I would definitely recommend that clip, it's VERY convenient making the Palm always readily accessible.)
3806	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	On my last trip to Tokyo, I saw a lot of great phones there. The only u740 was on static display at the airport and no one was using Motorola, Samsungs or Bluetooth. The u740 I had ordered was waiting for me when I returned and it was light-years ahead of my old Motorola. All my contacts were transferred almost automatically through Verizon to the new phone and I was ready to text on the full QWERTY keyboard with two thumbs. Strangely, I found out that I had to use the numlock key to access the alternate characters instead of the shift key. Also strange, I could not picture message more than one photo at a time,while I could send three VGA photos in a single message on the old chunky phone.
8258	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This item was shipped promptly by means of UPS.  Arrived professionally packaged in original product box.  Instructions were great for assembly, has a smart design that will protect the phone from bumps, dust, and light water mist.  When following the recommended instructions for installing the silicone screen and key shield, there are very few bubbles if any on the screen.  The silicone is molded specially for the keys, fits perfect making it easy to use the keyboard.  There is a hole cut out for the trackball, again, perfect fit.  The plasic belt clip holster it comes with acts like the original Blackberry holster as far as "in holster" setting.  I am verry satisfied with this product, it surpasses my expectations.
2588	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	pretty good!
8401	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is great but I do have one complaint. Since I have a smaller arm, the strap is too big for me and it falls off if I am wearing a short sleeve t-shirt when I run. I have had to sew on more velcro in order to make it smaller for me. Other than that, I am pleased.


Audio Quality (NOT Phone, but for Music):
1350	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good product

6379	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This product fell apart within one month of limited use. The stitches tore out and this product was useless in a very short time. If this is to be used to hold your phone on the car sun visor, I think this would be a great product to purchase.
8187	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been true to Nokias ever since I started using mobiles and every time I get a new one I am pleasantly surprised. 5310 is no exception to this rule.
I think this should be included with all garbage disposal purchases. It's just great.

3246	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it but it does not protect it from damages if it falls

3220	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had to cut the inside strap so it did not block the face of my iPhone4, which is fitted with an OtterBox case.
3774	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This charger is exactly as described and works very well.  It is small enough not to take up much space, but does a big job.  I have used it to power a GPS and dash cam, as well as charging my phone.  Great power block.
5998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased other external battery chargers and have been less than pleased with their performance.  This charger is well constructed and the charge lasts for a long time.  It also seems to charge my phone quicker than even an outlet charger.
All in all I can assure you this phone will knock off your socks! As one review stated "it's taken the best features from other Motorola phones and improved on them". If only the wireless access plans could say the same!
It works and then it doesn't. Profile support is so limited on this device, I find it disgusting. Verizon (and I love Verizon by the way) is desperately trying to catch up in the Bluetooth arena. They sat on their arses for 2 years. Every other wireless service has excellent Bluetooth devices. If your a Verizon customer...like me...you will have to continue to be jealous.
5113	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The quality is wonderful, however....the holder is so narrow that you cannot put a pair of glasses in them.  My husband squeezed the width of the holder to make it expand. He was able to accomplish the task enough so that our 7 year old granddaughters glasses were able to go in.  I must say that it is still a tight fit.
2 options appear on my MDA (2.26 official ROM)
4826	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Having tried many headsets rangeing in price (because I have unfortunately lost so many), rate this headset 5 out of 5.

5763	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this battery, definitely an improvement over the original one. I can now go a full day without having to plug in, even when I'm busy playing on it!
realplayer can make the phone acts like internet radio walkman, but there're some complains: 1. can't disable speaker even though the earphone is plugged in; 2. the volume is weak through earphone; 3. only support rtsp procotol, no http, no pnm
If you look at the case of the battery, you see it has a couple extra nice features. In addition to the regular full size USB port and USB micro port where you plug your devices in for charging, there is a white LED you can use as a flashlight and a red laser for use as a pointing device. One switch runs all the devices by pressing multiple times. One press for laser pointer, press and hold for 2 seconds to turn on the charging circuit and press and hold for 3 seconds to turn on the white LED light.
9997	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had my Razr phone for years now and only recently did I have to replace the battery. This replacement battery works perfectly with my phone and lasts a long time between charges. I've had no problems with it at all.
After this happened to my first headset, I contacted the company and they quickly replaced it. However, the replacement developed the exact same problem in a manner of weeks. I will contact the company again, and I am sure that they will replace it again, but I am not confident that the next replacement will be free of the same defect.

739	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Does what it is supposed to. I rigged a few of these around my 12ft Jon Boat so that I could have power front to back. These worked like a charm. I additionally bought some male lighter plugs which I soldered onto a few electronics such as lights and trolling motor. Great buy and definitely recommend!

At first I didn't think it would work because I could get two different units to power up and all functions seemed to work but I had a problem getting sound out of any speakers. At first I thought maybe I had blown the internal amp of the new stereo but when the older one worked exactly the same (no sound), I thought that I couldn't possibly have blown the internal amps of both units, could I? so after re-reading the wiring instructions and making sure everything was connected proberly, I began paying attention the blue/white wire that I kept reading that was supposed to be an "amp turn on" wire. I had no clue what that was supposed to be until I read the blue caution tag that was on the blue wire of my older stereo that not only mentioned it could be connected for an auto antenna signal but for and amp signal...etc. Hmmm... So, I connected that blue wire to the blue/white wires of the harness and tried connecting everything in the car. Wallah! I now have sound!! Who would've thought. So, I took the brand new stereo and connected it's blue wire the same as I did the old one....again, Wallah! Sound!
Even though this is available only for T-Mobile, it's one of the very best phones on the market today.
5411	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this charger i bought for my mom she is a neat freak and, this helps her keep her car nice and clean, it really works and does a great job charging phone
I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.

Let me explain:  the smartphone field is becoming more and more convoluted as more models become available almost daily, from the new Blackjack 2, to newer, sleeker Blackberry's or even the Moto Q...all have nice features and programs unique that make them great for specific uses, but I submit that the full Qwerty keyboard is one of the main reasons why these phones are so convenient.  I do NOT have big fingers, and yet I found the Centro's keyboard VERY difficult to type on.  I never thought I'd say it, but it's just too dang small to use with any kind of ease, provided you have normal to large fingers.  I would imagine my 15 year old daughter would be able to text at lightning speed, but without handling this Palm device IN PERSON, you just may be making a rather expensive mistake.  Other than that, I was most impressed with the overall functionality of the Centro.  One thing I DO miss from the 755p model is the rubberized coating which made it fit so wonderfully in my hands, without it, the Centro lacks a certain comfort in use that otherwise may be perfect depending on who you are.

Overall, four stars only because the fit is indeed something that could be improved to make it easier for everyone to use this successfully. But other than that, Jawbone is the best I have ever used by far.  Now, if it will last more than 15 months . . .
Moreover, I found the fit uncomfortable and unstable. If I rested the earbud just inside my ear, it felt liable to fall off with the slightest movement of my head. If I placed the earbud further in so it was more secure, it started to hurt within 15 minutes, and it popped out after a while anyway.
3921	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this shower head and have bought one for each shower in our house - We have an old house with low water pressure - this shower head 'did the trick' !
While the battery drops when on for a few minutes, any subsequent drop in percent is extremely slow over the 3 hours, so from 99% to 90% over 3 to 3 3 1/2 hours is more in line with what I had expected originally. Overall the powerBear package is substantial as it includes a new, deeper-profile, S5 back cover, a rubberized back-cover protector and a front glass protector, with a cleaning cloth and USB charging cable. Now, I am very happy and can say it is a good decision to buy the PowerBear 7800 extended life, battery package. Well-crafted and precise in all aspects of fitting and performance!

5907	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this battery for mobile use. I have been using it to keep my iPhone charged while riding my road bike with Google maps, a bike riding program and Pandora running.
7796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I got this in the hopes that it would work better than my old H500, but from the time I've had it, it does not seem to do so.


7065	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I replaced my wife cell phone battery.  It work great!  Then my wife went to Verizon and bought a Smart Phone.  My efforts were wasted!
8792	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works well
536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	NO GOOD
I just registered my Garmin 200.  A screen popped up informing me a map update is available.  I followed the instructions and after about an hour and 20 minutes had the latest map installed.  Outstanding


All in all, I highly recommend the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset.  When I finally break or lose this one, I will look at replacing it with another Aliph model before any other manufacturer.
1. Wish Palm would come out with a different, more detailed "Month View," rather than those colored boxes/blocks representing your events.

4. Camera/camcorder image quality is poor, pretty much like every other cameraphone.
1821	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Cell Phone is great!
* The mute and off/on button is too small. Basically so small that it's useless. But then my phone has a mute button
7742	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The headset works great. I have no issues with using the headset. I had gotten different ones before but have had troubles. I found this one and it works great.
comfortable and firm to hold
even though it is made of plastic, it is very sturdy and reliable. some of the nubs on the showerhead don't shoot straight but you can easily adjust that with a finger. i bought this one to try out based on the reviews i read. just as everyone else reviewing states, this shower head delivers and you will not be disappointed!!
2350	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ive been using this since 2007 and have not had a single issue.  I lost it and bought a replacement in 2010 and both have never had a single issue.

9413	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I live in an apartment complex and a friend recommended this to me when I was having issues with my phone reception. after I hooked it up, my reception was greatly increased and no dropped calls!  This is definitely one of the best boosters available
147	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected

It comes with the tools necessary to open the iPod.
4131	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had to receive this first before I will make any comment but the way almost everybody is saying is worth it, let me find out myself.  I will continue on to monitor it.

Concerns are the fact that the exterior antenna is made of plastic and we have it facing south.  I'm not sure of the durability of the casing, so will need to monitor this.  My other concern is the fact that wireless carriers will start to roll-out 4G in larger cities in the near future (4G is already available in certain cities).  While this product will still support the 3G signals (and so will the carriers), it is likely that an additional antenna will be needed for 4G connectivity (data speed).  I will update this review once I speak with the manufacturer's tech support.
All three headsets had very good audio quality in quiet environments.  The 510 was best in noisy and windy environments.  The H710 had the loudest volume and was easiest to hear callers.  The BT8040 in extremely loud environments would apparently get confused in its echo cancellation algorithms and tend to experience audio cutouts (for the wearer, not the caller).


Don't fall for the name and shiny back and don't get RIPPED OFF!
-I tried once to see if I could get the Slacker app to play through the LiquidAUX. It actually worked!
it. I rate this item 5 stars & would recommend it to family & friends.
Cobra is "splash resistant" while Uniden is "water proof - submersible" which means that you probably should carry the Uniden unit in a plastic baggie if you are using it on a kayak (where things tend to get wet frequently).
1853	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought as gift for a superman fanatic!

1789	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I think just about every pat of this phone has already been written about. This is a great phone with a pretty intuitive interface (though, that doesn't go for the Verizon version from what I've seen). The one downside is that call volume could stand to be louder, especially if one is in a crowded area. A bluetooth headset effectively eliminates this problem.
-Pocket versions of Microsoft Word, Excel and Powerpoint
UP DATE  pops off never got to use it but a couple of times for an hr or so, Dont waste money or time on it
8385	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i was searching for an armband to workout with and finally settled on this one and I am so glad that I did. This arm band is comfortable and the iphone fits nicely into it. you will of course sweat under this but that is expected and a minor problem is that when the iphone slides into it, it goes down a little farther and the holes don't match up. But I really do use this everytime I work out and love it!

CONS:
8268	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this case!  It fits my BB Curve perfectly.  And it protects well.
8979	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch by New Trent (New Trent iTorch IMP52D 5200mAh External Battery Charger) is an amazingly portable external battery which can charge most (if not ALL?) of your mobile on-the-go USB chargeable devices. As a road warrior who's always going, sometimes by foot, sometimes by plane, sometimes by public transit, and sometimes by car, it's always useful to have extra power with you on the go. When you're on the road and don't have access to a wall or car charger, or when you just need to be on the move, the iTorch is perfect. I've been a long-time user of the New Trent Power Pack (Model IMP500), but believe you can never have too much power, especially when others are always asking for a boost. I love both New Trent products, and my old device has saved my butt on more than one occasion. What I really like about the iTorch in particular is the added bonus of the laser pointer and flashlight. It may sound silly, but it's already come in handy several times. I try to minimize the clutter in my bag and therefore never have a flashlight on hand. There are times, however, when a little light can go a long way. As a professional, a laser pointer for presentations is great too, and not one that takes little expensive watch batteries. BUT, to focus on it's main purpose, the iTorch is compact, portable, and easy to handle. I utilized it last weekend and managed to go from Friday morning to Sunday night without ever needing to plug my iPhone 5 into a wall; I made it most of Friday on my initial charge, and added two days of typical use using the backup external portable battery. I could have gone longer. The iTorch is not the most powerful external battery, but it's also not the heaviest! This thing is light weight! While there are other products that might go further, this little guy can give you the boost you need (for your iPhone, iPod, iPad, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.). Note the iTorch does NOT come with a wall-wart to plug it in to recharge, BUT, it charges off a standard micro USB. I was please to find out the iTorch can charge off the plug and cable I use to charge my second generation Amazon Kindle and several other devices that use micro USB (one less charger to add to my collect). Sleek to handle and easy to use, it's a great investment to have on hand and will pay for itself the first time you can fully charge your phone while rushing in a cab to the airport, or even during a flight to an important business meeting. Now that I rely on my mobile tech for everything, I never go anywhere without a battery backup!

2) Volume buttons are loose and feel cheap, although the main function button is fine.


Syncing has to be done by opening up the Hotsync application so it is not really a problem - just not as convenient as having the button to press for syncing that is incorporated with the original USB lead.
2648	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I can't even begin to tell you the hell I've been through with other BT headsets and the Treo 650. They all had pairing issues - either they won't pair with the phone or they don't stay paired.  And the volume was not loud enough.  I returned at least 5 headsets until I came across this one.  The sound quality is maybe an 8 out of 10 but the volume is unbelievable, and this coming from a guy that doesn't have the best hearing.  I can actually hear the person on the line - all the time.  Even in noisy environments.  No complaints from people on the receiving end except when I'm in the home and the mircowave oven is running (this will scramble almost all BT frequencies).  Buttons are placed well and they are very responsive.
But overall this phone is great! no major problems yet. if you don't mind a little bulkyness then get it...
Hint - to get a better fit, experiment with the several ear buds enclosed, I found my favorite on the 3rd one!

I did not expect to have something in my hand that would allow me to log in to my system using ssh, browse at all, much less pull up mapquest maps.
44	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As this is a gift it is truly the perfect gift for a "girly" girl. I would recommend it to family and friends.
744	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	did not fit vary well but works well good price

Pros
4884	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my first headset so I don't have anything to compare it with, but rather I will just state my experience with it.
Pros:
  4.  USB plug enables charging of any device

1976	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	There comes a point in time when our home alarm system needs a new battery....and the Zeus 12V 5AH rechargeable battery was just the right replacement.  What I loved about this battery is that I could recharge it with a basic 12V battery recharger thus giving the battery a longer usable life. So based on a high number of satisfied views I decided this was the battery to buy...100% satisfied :)
presenter too it would make it even more perfect.


limited bt function (I want OBEX that I can exchange phone numbers among my phones


5086	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had my Treo 650 for over 2 years, it was time to put it out to pasture.
3654	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	think it helps
4886	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased two of these Blue Tooth devices, one for my wife and one for me, both of which are used on Motorola W755 cell phones.
5152	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love these cases; I bought it for my grandson and he is happy with it; said it helps protect his new phone, esp since he is subject to dropping it a lot.
6534	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Returned - did not improve signal quality - Tried this in numerous locations around the house/attic/roof and even took it to the top of a nearby tree to no avail.
quad-band, this is not acceptable for this price, even many lower models have quad-band (K550, W610, W580, W810, Z710, W710)
2042	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	EDIT:  My original review is below, but here is some extra information:  After two months of use, this device is still working well, but the silver paint is almost all gone and the case I bought for it is not rigid so the button keeps getting pressed in and the battery drains every day.  I need to find a better way to carry it...  The paint problem shows a definate lack of quality and if I could change my rating I would reduce this to a 3 star review.

134	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great in my car. Charges my phone pretty fast (as long as im not using it) Ive had this for a few months now and haven't had a single problem with it!

Be sure you check the firmware version and upgrade to the latest.  The one I received was 2 releases behind.  This feature alone is worth the price!
I can't knock it too much because the price was great and after all, I am listening to mp3s in a car, you can't expect perfect sound quality especially at this price point.
755	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	worked as described. easy to install
6659	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Purchased with the intent of boosting the cell coverage of a location in the Twin Cities of Minneapolis.  We moved into a valley where an old golf coarse was.  Very poor cell coverage so I looked into finding ways to create a safe communication tool without getting a land line.

Great price
If you have any questions about the phone that I haven't answered here, feel free to AIM me at WinterGetsMe.  If you like my review please vote for it! ~ Michele

4877	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset is the best one yet, and I have owned three versions including the first Motorola model offered. Range is decent and clarity very good. I have chargers for all three models, which I suppose is a money maker for someone.


5380	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product definitely provides unsurpassed protection. I have two small complaints. First, the plastic inner cover does not have a hole for the camera. So the pictures look blurry through the plastic. But you don't really have to put the plastic on, like the manufacturer suggests. Second, it is a little too bulky. But I'm getting used to it. All and all, it is a good product. One last thing, if you are looking at this particular OtterBox, there is another one by a different seller for almost $20 cheaper. I wish I had seen the other one. Oh well.
9576	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm actually leaving this review from my phone sitting in my recliner where I was previously rarely able to get signal. This kit enabled me to get signal but tied me to a couple of feet within the indoor antenna. I purchased an upgraded wall mount Wilson antenna and it has provided me with almost whole home coverage. If your signal us weak outside, an antenna upgrade can help a lot.


-Media player is confusing and not very useful.  Also, no 3.5mm jack is present!


Milton Weston, New York
The comfort is the best i never use. I use it all day long and the cell life is very good (about 2 days) at full use.
So I am replacing it and hoping that Samsung has addressed these problems with the well-reviewed WEP470.
As for the fit of the headset, it is very secure on my ear.  Like most others, it hooks over the ear, which makes it fit a bit oddly with sunglasses or eyeglasses, but it isn't uncomfortable.  When I get a new headset/earpiece, one of the first things I do is to put it on and shake my head around a bit to test how securely it fits my ear.  This one didn't budge.  For me, this is a very important factor.  If I can't move my head naturally as needed while driving, then the headset impedes my ability to drive and I won't have that.
So, what kept it from being 5-stars?

2. Can be used on both ears
2248	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works fine, very small.
  This is assuming, of course, that the regular components in the phone don't fail first.  In my case, my electrical components are 3 years old but hanging in there, while my battery (which is, honestly, designed to fail before the phone is considered worthless anyways, or about 2 years with current cell phone provider plans) crapped out within specification.  By replacing the battery, you're replacing a very serious bottleneck and restoring tight voltage responses to the electronics.
7106	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	NICE
4904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Sound started cutting out after just a couple weeks. Threw it away
Utilizes bluetooth A2DP, so some of your BT devices may not see this.  Check before you assume all BTs work with all other BTs, for that is NOT the case here.  Namely the Mac does not work without some hacks or additional hardware.
7. Customer service from Cardo Scala is good. The earloop was broken after using it for 5 months. I received response from the company 1 day after I had emailed them. Then 4 days later I got the earloop replacement via USPS.
1358	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described.
This product is mainly made of plastic, of reasonable quality. When trying to mount for the first time, heavy force should not be used as this would simply cause parts to be broken. The assembly itself does not require too much force. So caution should be taken if you find that you need to exert more force than necessary to assembly the parts together.

7842	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is very flimsy, both connectors and the cable.  Mine only works if you wiggle the phone end and hold it just right.  Obviously pretty worthless like that.  Forget buying this one, even if it works when you first get it don't expect it to last more than one or two uses.

7308	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Nice looking phone.
5062	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I rarely got the product to work - it would connect and then disconnect. When it did work, the audio quality was terrible and the volume too low. The menus were too confusing - couldn't figure them out (and I'm an engineer). I tested it with my Verizon XV 6800 Pocket PC phone - and later found from a friend that this company's products have problems with HTC produced Pocket PC's (which manufactured the phone), and this is according to their own technical support people.
MY RATING:  The New Trent iTorch IMP52D does a great job, I give it a 5.
  -Surprisingly, there is an avatar selection for each contact - really cute ones.
The clip is somehow almost completely useless as a clip.  I have a "thick" belt, which I would guess is almost twice as wide as a standard men's suit pant belt.  There isn't enough room between the hinge and the tooth so that it can securely grip the belt.  Ok, so I decided to start wearing my "thin" belt.  Well in that case there's a bit of extra room which with this clip seems to give way too much opportunity to falling right off.  Being that it's currently winter where I live, this has left me stuffing the entire thing into my coat pocket.  I'm not sure what I'll do when we move into spring and summer.  This issue with the clip is really disappointing.  I had a rather plain, generic type holster for my previous phone - a Sony S710a - and it perfectly gripped just about anything I threw at it.  Only now am I realizing just how much I took that convenience for granted.



this one looks to be a better quality then few other ebay no name brand S curve cases
6614	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Tried every combination and watched the install videos.  Not one bar different. I do live in the middle of nowhere.


3818	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Wow! This is the best cell phone I ever had. Much better than iPhone. I love its high resolution and its beautiful design. It is expensive, but it worth it. If you're a gadget freak (like me), buy it... You won't regret!!!
[UPDATE: The unit that holds the phone stopped working. I came to the conclusion that it stopped working because I would leave it in my car - no matter what temperature it was in the car. I bought a replacement, and now I just pop the holder off with my phone when I leave my car. The arm just stays in the car. It seems to be working much better than my original one.]
highly recommend this.
5307	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i use to carry mini cigars.  very nice finish that can be engraved for that personal touch.
3256	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a well build carrying case that should last a while. It is a eye catcher with the design and it allows your phone to breath and not get over heated like some cases. The belt clip is build well,very solid and also turns 360 degree so it can be positioned in any direction. This is a exact fit for the note 2 and is worth the time.
8938	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have always burned through my iPhone battery quickly. I use my phone for about 16 hours a day and end up recharging it at least once, but usually twice each day. I was leaving town and knew I would be in meetings each day and not have the opportunity to recharge my phone, so I felt it was time to purchase a battery pack. The iTorch was reasonably priced and had good reviews, so I decided to purchase it. The instructions were easy to understand, and the pack wasn't too bulky to carry. When my phone died, I connected the pack then put it in my pants pocket. I used my iPhone cable which allowed me some extra length. The phone comes with a cable to charge the pack but not one to connect it to the phone. This would have been a nice addition, but I had several already, so it didn't concern me. The charge time was quick, and it allowed me to use the phone while it was charging. While I never thought I would have a need for the flashlight or laser, I actually ended up needing one for my presentation during the trip.


I have only had the headset for a day however, I am impressed.  I tried the Jawbone today in the Corvette and it works great.  My wife didn't hear anything but me while I was driving, which is pretty amazing considering how loud the car is.  I currently have the Blackberry 8830 and it works great with this headset.  The voice dialing pops right up on queue, unlike some of the other headsets I have.
501	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My wife liked my Nokia 3650 so much that she switched chips with me and is carrying it.
4 - Tones are too short.  Had to use a different phone to get through a menu when I called a company because the tones were too short to trigger the options. What the....?

868	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Maybe a bit unconfortable for some but it works nice and the quality is better than expected.

It's extremely lightweight, but has just enough of a presence to not be forgotten.
6352	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I tried 2 do a video review but unfortunately my video was in a format Amazon doesnt accept. This is a really great device but its not without its flaws. The Palm's name has been kicked around in the dirt for so many years and with every new Palm Treo that's been released theres good reason why. The Palm Centro is the GSM version of the Palm Centro for Sprint which debuted holiday 2008. It does have a touch screen on it and the call volume quality is really good as well. Its also a quad band world phone so you get 2 use it over seas in international waters. The only problem is PALM really hasn't updated its software at all and this is where all the negative press comes from. When you get 2 the main menu screen its the generic same old icons that was on the Palm PDAs back in the 90's and it hasn't changed at all. Its also the exact same menu icons on all the Palm Treos that have every been released in the cellular world. You cant customize the menu screen either so your stuck with it. What You can do is add a wall paper to the phone calling screen which is nice. The Palm Centro is pretty much a better priced version of their Treo's. The Treo's are heavily over priced and practically unaffordable. Aside from the outdated menu i still found the UI to be ok. If it aint broke don't fix it so kudos to Palm for sticking 2 their guns. Unlike Verizon who shoves their DUMB UI on every cell phone they produce. Overall its a nice phone for 49.99 at Best Buy, do not get this at the AT&T store because its 200.00 plus tax with a decent rebate but with tax and all it feels like a waste as your already shelling out over 200.00 to begin with. There was no rebate at Best Buy at all just the base price. You get 2 sync your email accounts 2 the device, IM , text, and picture message. You get all the perks that are currently on all smart phones that are out right now. The down fall besides the somewhat same old software is the lack of 3G speeds when using the internet. Data plans on AT&T are not cheap, they cost 30.00 and you only get EDGE speeds on the Palm Centro which is annoying, theres no 3G to be found on this device which i found 2 be really ODD! AT&T data plans don't include text message even though they just recently revised the data plan it still isn't unlimited use in certain aspects like IM and text. Overall im pleased with my purchase except 4 its minor flaws. I've also posted pictures on so you can check those out 2. Enjoy =)

  Buy this if you want to look good.  Interior material and great design makes for ease of slide in and out of case.  I would use it if the bugger was bigger to hold the phone with my silicon case on.
3362	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	They worked great for a few days but then started to cause screen flickering. Really disappointed that they quit on me, but I didn't think it would be worth the hassle to return.

The camera takes nice 640x480 pictures with options to take lower resolution shots if you plan on taking lots of pictures. I found the flash actually works better if you set it on "low-light" flash rather than the "night" setting. Give the camera a few seconds to adjust and the flash works much better. This especially good when doing backlit subjects.
Now the cons!  You are going to lose your waterproof safey.  The back cover they give you just snaps on so there is no gasket to protect the internal guts of your phone.  The outer cover is good with the non grip surface and it would probably protect fairly well with a small drop but it's not like having an otterbox on your phone.  It's significantly thicker than a standard battery as well.

4339	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought several of these for use in 18 wheel units. Truck drivers demand a lot from their equipment; only the best can hold  up under almost constant use. For a trucker an item like this is a valuable tool not a toy.
3221	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	We're too attached!!! Get a little mp3 player for $29.99 instead of trying to pack around your stupid iPhone! Leave it home during your workout!
I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a charger with some extra features. Just make sure you have a USB iPhone cable as well.
- Probably haven't had the iTorch long enough...but so far, no complaints!
5583	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This radios work great and make an ideal back up to full power radio. It works as backup and something to carry around the boat.

7227	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have the previos model of this Motorola and it works fine, but this one I received about a month ago, is useless, the battery goes dead even if you don't use it.  What a waist of money, I would ask for a money refund if that was possible.
9438	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	At least I got all the pieces to this one, as the last one I got was missing the antenna  and I had to ship it back. I set this up in my office, and got the green LED,  acknowledging the unit was powered up. Put my LG G4 in the cradle and saw no change in the  reception bars. Pulled up the dB meter in the phone setting  and after several rounds of testing determined that the booster was having no effect at all , a 0dB gain in signal strength under any conditions. Just to make sure the booster was  defective, I brought in an older Wilson Electronics Sleek that I have been using successfully in my home for a few years now. I used the weBoost  antenna with the older cradle and it worked great, 8-12dB of gain without even fussing with it.

9498	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	After careful research I ordered this product only to find it wasn't all I expected.  Our reception is marginal and there is one place in the house where I can make calls, the signal is usually about -102 at this location.  I connected the device and mounted the antenna on the roof where the signal is about -95.  everything seemed to be connected properly and my phone signal actually read as low as -59 with the transmitter touching the phone.  I called customer service several times for help.  They told me that my signal was not strong enough to make the unit work, but if i wanted to trade it in for a more expensive model this might work. This made no sense to me as I could make calls direct from a weaker signal of -102, but the amplifyer won't let me make calls with a signal of -95? I felt they gave me the run-around just so they could sell a more expensive model.
8738	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very easy to use. Love the fact that I can place it on my wrist and not have to wear a chest strap. Holds up for hours. Great buy.
5961	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is great to use when you traveling or when your iPhone is low on power but you can't be near an outlet. I think that the flashlight is superfluous, but the rest of the device is fantastic!
9552	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Installed this at an employee's house and it boosts signal from 1 to 4 bars throughout the whole house.  It is definitely worth the price if you are suffering from low cell signal at your home/small office.
7271	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Came in Spanish programming. Can't read it. Going to Mexico to fix it.
6527	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really happy with this! We live in the middle of 150 acres of pine trees, in a metal home with a metal roof. We had to go outside to make or receive calls. Since our landline kept getting cut by the road graders we had it turned off. So we were basically without any phone service at all unless we were outside and standing on one leg with our heads at a precise 33.5642 angle, and hoping we didn't need to make or take a call in the middle of one of Florida's famous lightning storms or when its freezing or 99 degrees outside. This booster cured that problem! Easy to install in less than an hour, and no more callers asking when I started stuttering and me having to explain I am outside and it's 30 degrees and my dang teeth are chattering!
2563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	As others pointed out, the case fits snug but is easy on/off. There is a knurling finish along the sides for a good grip, and the matte finish on the back is smooth enough that it slides in and out of a pant pocket easily. Another unexpected bonus is that the volume rocker is not exposed. Before buying the case, I found that I was always adjusting the volume inadvertently. The cover makes it a bit less sensitive.
2230	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Even though my Nokida model, 6126, was listed as working when this arrived I thought oh-man they shipped the wrong thing. Then I looked at the model number on the cable and it was the one I ordered. Then I thought oh man I ordered the wrong thing.


172	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Cord is a little short and loves to retains its coil, so don't think your are going to be able to stretch it out.
3993	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this case for my Samsung Galaxy S3, which is encased in Otter Defender armor. I've had a difficult time finding a case with a clip that would accommodate the added size of the Otter armor. This case fits almost perfectly! There's a little wiggle room between the top and bottom, which I filled in by cutting off a strip of the packing foam and putting it in the bottom of the case. There's also a smidge of space on either side, which I like. This way, there's no pressure on the side seams. The velcro is strong and the belt clip is sturdy. I'm very happy with this product!
6281	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	On a recent trip the IMP500 recharged my cell phone and operated and recharged my Nook color reader twice without needing recharging itself.  The Nook color reader has about an 8 hour battery life on its own. Using the IMP500 I was able to continue reading past 12 hours, plus it was 3/4 charged when I disconnected the NOOK. The IMP500 perfomed as advertised. It's easy to use and light to carry. When using the NOOK reader, I just dropped the IMP500 in my shirt pocket connected to the reader by the NOOK USB cable. I highly reccommend acquiring a short pocket if you do not already have one. Recharging is fairly quick with any of the standard usb chargers (the one it comes with, the NOOK charger, or an Apple IPhone charger).  This is good, since it measns carrying only one charger.  This is a simple device that solves a major problem of not havng enough battery life in the devices you carry. It also charged my iTouch-4 with no problem on th esame trip.
FedEx to my dad for another $65.  1st.  Problem, the battery is Dead after about an hour.

So far, so good.  We really like the Wildcard phone (and Virgin Mobile's pricing options are reasonable and not too much more expensive than the traditional plans).

The cable is branded Nokia which is a good sign because the company is not likely to put its name on a cheap knock  off.

nik
I ran a couple charge tests on my Samsung Galaxy Nexus (Verizon) I started with the battery pack fully charged and the phone 100% dead, I was able to charge it up in under 3 hours and 20 minutes, the phone was at 50% charge at about 1hour and 50 minutes.  After the phone was charged there was still 50% of charge left in the battery pack, and this was using the standard battery in the galaxy nexus which is about 2000MaH. I then ran my phone battery completely down again and was able to charge it to 100% again! After this though the battery pack was dead, but I would say 2 full phone charges is very good!
So either that full time temp and pressure sensor use drained the batteries early or, the batteries did not last long enough (bad) or, the combination of the two shortened the life.

3)  The battery does not seem to last very long. Since I usually have it turned off, and I only use it for about 20 minutes a week, the battery only lasts about a week.
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.
4902	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
1888	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	battery don't last
Pros:

4692	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good quality
Once powered on you can choose to keep the phone in "Voice Guidance" mode. This is actually a really user-friendly feature. After you push the Menu button (located to the left of the navigation pad) you can navigate through menu items with the pad and the voice tells you what menu item you are on. This totally makes up for the B/W screen and lackluster icons.

7219	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These phones last for years.  If you need a phone just for emergencies this is for you.  Texting capabilities are available but it takes forever as there is no typewriter available only the phone pad with the numbers and the letters of the alphabet.  I bought one about 10 years ago it is still working.  I changed the battery last week.  I use this one as my overseas phone.
This one works great with my Kindle 2 and also my Verizon Mifi pocket 3G router.
1. Individual cables are not labeled as to what device they are for.
The "select" soft button on the menu is on the right side of the screen, but on most cell phones it is always on the left.  Admittedly not a big deal, but it is a bit annoying.
3357	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My nephew got a new TV and needed different connections for his Wii to work.  My sister was going to spend nearly $40 at BB to get this.  I quickly checked Amazon and with Prime, had it there in two days.  I'm sure this isn't as high quality craftsmanship, however, this will be plugged in once, and never touched again.  For $5 bucks, I'll take the chance.  It has worked great so far!
I guess for better voice tag matching, you would have to record your voice tags in the car, using the Jabra which seems to be
The razor is simple phone, a good phone. It comes in a very pretty case that will make you happy each and every time you open it! It has a good quality camera (it's NOT a digital camera, its more like good quality web cam) and I find it very easy to read, and dial because everything is so clear and spaced out nicley.
Fingerprints/Scratchability: The claims that the Shine is a fingerprint magnet could not be more true. The Shine cannot stand to be touched at all. Walking around with the Shine put in my side jeans pocket for a day, the Shine went in looking stellar and came back looking pretty poor. The back plate had obviously been rubbed on, the front plate exhibited small, but noticeable scratches. I'm sure you could prevent the Shine from getting scratched by getting a screen protector and/or case, but the hassle of one is not something that I'd want to deal with (not to mention such protection would take away the "beauty" of the Shine). The Sony Ericsson, as one may predict, does not scratch easily. Same jeans, same walk, and the SE still looked great after. There was something that looked like a small scratch on the front screen on the SE, but nothing a wipe could clean off. Speaking of which, with the LG Shine, you cannot wipe the phone with any shirt; it will scratch if the fabric of the cloth/shirt is rough. A BIG reason people get the Shine is because it looks good. Well, if you don't take care of it like a newborn baby, it's going to look like **** and ipso facto, it was a poor decision to buy the phone for its looks.


Also, keep in mind, the problems outlined above have all been complaints by fellow users of this phone.  In fact, when I went in to buy my cell phone the person I bought it from had one and hated it with a passion and highly recommended the 700 despite the lower profit margin.

3703	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Great for holding your wireless pack to your strap. I go through one of these about every 2 years because the hook and loop material starts to pull apart and the faux leather backing on the hold down strap starts to fall apart. But for the price I'll keep picking one up. Or until I find something better.

I use it inside Mexico on the 2G/3G Telcel network, so for people travelling to Mexico i can confirm its works.

One of the things I'd grown to love is Motorola's Rapid Connect.  The Plantronics was difficult to turn on and off and there's about a 3-4 second delay when you do.  I ended up returning the Plantronics and bought the Motorola H700 which I love!!

I was really excited to try the weBoost Drive 4G-S Cell Phone Booster Kit. We live in a small town, and live a ways out of city limits. There are several places where signal is low enough to drop a call or cause Pandora to buffer. It's not a huge deal, but it's mildly annoying and happens on a daily basis.
*  The outer plastics used in the construction are VERY CHEAP.  I pulled it out to use a couple weeks ago and found it shattered in pieces.  It hadn't been run over by the car, or sat upon, or dropped.  I've since made several attempts to SuperGlue it back together.

5115	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought a couple of these. It keeps my glasses from getting scratched and the upright position makes my glasses easier to see instead of laying them down on a tabletop. Gave one as a present which was well-received.
BUY OEM and save in the long run.
3832	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had been wanting this for months but the previous price was over $300 so when I saw it for less than $10 I snagged it. I had previously bought a key chain exactly like it but with a Dalek rather than the Tardis but it never worked so I was pleasantly surprised by how well this one works and the sensitivity of it.
Enter the CyberPower 7-port hub.  Space-saving solution to running out of ports.  And, with its own power supply, it's not draining power from my laptop.  Works like a charm!

I'm guessing the quality might not be great as that is why it stopped working, who knows.. What a waste of money.
5489	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	:)

UPDATE---After using the phone for several months now there is some good and bad. The good is the size which makes it easy just to put in my pocket no more hangning it on my side. I like the big screen, the golf game is fun and the background screen feature is great to display family members. There are plenty of different ring tones and is nice to be able to place different rings to different callers, also, the ringer is good and loud and with vibrate and it in my pocket i don't miss a call. The camera is good quality and i can take descent pictures in low light unlike my previous nokia.


But good product
2. Volume is perfect for me but others who has problem use Motorola H700 bluetooth headset and your ear will ask you to lower the volume..period..



- 3G
-Can't use speaker phone while it's flipped close...ever.

The other thing is that i haven't found a car adapter yet for this thing.
5801	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly well.  Had to cut it to size to fit my son's phone, but no big deal. Only used half of one so far.


3253	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this box wave galaxy note 2 case, works great with my machine at work, holds in place like I want!
It also comes with an extension cable for the 3.5mm cord (tho the port is right below the 12V port in my car), AND a 5V USB port in case you want to charge any device, so you don't have to unplug the unit, it basically doubles as a car charger. Audio quality is great, I compared it to a straight wired connection and I could only detect a slight dropoff in bass, no skipping or hiss and volume is loud enough and can be independently controlled on the phone or your stereo (except w/an iPhone/iPod which locks the volume, again, crappy BT stack/implementation on Apple's part).
7561	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	love it
1897	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this older model headset to replace a newer Motorola H500 Headset, and I actually like this older H300 model better. The problem with the H500 was it used a rechargeable, non-removable battery and could not be used while charging. It would last a long time on one charge, but if it went dead while you were driving you could no longer use it until you charged it up again.
3. Need more menu choices.  The ones that come with it are OK but take some navigation to get around.
1049	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good device, very informative to know these levels


9826	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very inexpensive exact replacement for my 2007 and 2008 Subaru remote control batteries. do you know what they charge in Subaru service dept to change out this battery? $15-$24/remote!?! robbery!
6548	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really works well.
  rumors that Verizon makes use use airtime for reading text

My summary would be that this headset will likely perform beautifully with any Motorola phone.  In fact, it probably works well with many other phones too- just don't expect to receive any support if your phone is not a Motorola.
Putting on the eartip cover was tough because it's a TIGHT fit, and you wonder if you're going to tear the eartip in the process (I didn't).  Putting on the windscreen on the speaker boom was not as difficult, but it also was a tight fit.  I did have the speaker boom windscreen fall off once when I was transporting the headset around in my pocket.

  b.  Quickly Charges my cellphone, ipod, and bluetooth headset

6203	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really love this battery pack. So much so that I bought another one after holding the first one for a week.  It feels sturdy, it it looks very sleek, and its very compact.
9396	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We were told that signal boosters would help connect the cell tower's reception and bring it right to your living space.  We have majorly horrible reception where we live. At most times, we would only have 1 bar and there were many times where it would even show "No Service".  In fact, the booster did a quick analysis and showed that we live in a dead zone, which why we have bad reception!

7707	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome for kids. Small and easy for them to use. We got it for our 8 yr old who has to walk a mile to and from school.
Now the good:


459	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have a personal fan that came with a lanyard and wanted something that I could be able to clip it on my waist. This did the trick!


The problem with the whole T-Mobile data service, though, is the poor quality of T-Mobile's GPRS coverage.  T-Mobile is infamous for its sporadic GSM (voice) coverage in the U.S.  When it comes to GPRS (data), it's even worse, and the slightest degradation in reception will cause the Sidekick to go kaputt.  And when that happens, SK has a tendency to fail to re-establish the data connection when signal strength returns.  This makes a very frustrating user experience, esp. when you need Internet access the most (e.g., when you want to log onto amazon.com to compare-shop that big Sharp Aquos LCD TV you are looking at inside a Best Buy store).  Unfortunately, T-Mobile has not improved its coverage or download speed, so if you get the SK, be prepared for slow speed and lost connections.  Once the novelty factor wears off, the SK experience is a rather stressful one.
4074	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this cute little guy is from japan. arrived surprisingly quickly for having traveled across an ocean. import/ S&H was $11.00, though, so i would suggest buying more than a couple at a time for that price...

!!!
5407	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love the ability to retract the cord. Convenient, takes up less space and works wonderful!
The Aliph Bluetooth Headset pairs well up to just three feet, then gets static in the ear piece. It must be a "safety feature" to have such low EMI in the Bluetooth mode. * I have now used the bluetooth out to twenty feet and determined that the bluetooth antenna is sensitive to being close to my body and works much better if I take the phone out of the belt holster or shirt pocket and put it down a few feet away or hold it it my hand away from my torso. The bluetooth antenna is up near the hinge area above the charging port, maybe its possible to use a piece of copper foil as a shield or antenna booster?

6885	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
Only complaint is it took a LONG time to get.


5827	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered this to replace my ball that was lost when I dropped my phone. The replacement ball did not work very well. It took forever for it to respond to motion in any direction (up, down, left, or right), and if it did respond it would move just one space/item and then you are stuck again trying to get it to move more. Needless to say I ended up purchasing a new Blackberry Curve, this time with the touch pad instead of the trackball.

In the future just make sure to check every thing before shipment. That battery was pretty expensive at Radio Shack.
The battery life is amazing. I charged it fully before we left on our trip and it lasted the whole 28 hours with plenty to spare.
My envelope arrived in Anaheim around noon of the 7th (Wednesday).
1598	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had two motorola bluetooth headsets and they both either did not have a clear signal or when you are speaking with someone there was an echo. This one I got from Plantronics is by far the best I have ever had and from what I've read the best on the market right now. I would advise bluetooth shoppers to stay away from Motorola bluetooth headsets.
I would strongly urge anyone to stay away from this piece of junk.
2627	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought the 590's because they're one of the few bluetooth stereo headphones that get overall good reviews, both at Amazon and tech websites like CNET.  I've had mine for about a week.  I want to use them for music listening and Skype calls through my computer.
The cons:
Haven't yet mounted it into my car, but it's functional, it's extremely well built and works very well.
Here is the bottom line, if you want to take this unit outside of your office/home/any quiet environment, you will NOT be able to hear the other person even if the environment is moderately noisy (this is at unit's highest volume). I was using this in the car, and I can hear faint at best when the road is good, but when you pass through slightly patchy freeway, the other person's voice is completely drowned. The speaker's maximum volume is just completely unacceptable. By the way, this experience was inside a luxury car, not a cardboard car. I am not sure the reason behind this design, could be to improve battery life?
9177	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this unit does what i need to a T. size isn't bad connections are good and easy;.
8382	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For under $5, can't think of better way to protect the phone.  Fits nice, actually looks pretty good in all black with silver controls exposed and easily accessible. Throw the plastic belt clip attachments away, they're bulky and hassle to get on and off the clip- who wear these small phones on the belt anyway?
9248	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We got this phone for our 12 year old middle schooler and she absolutely loves it.  She fell in love with it at first sight, loves the white and green color combo.  She says texting is so quick now with the keyboard and she loves all the applications and extras.  In fact I'm a bit jealous of all it's features compared to my Balckberry Pearl.  For your money it's packed and good buy compared to more spendy phones like the iphone and the Pantech Duo she was also looking at.  My only complaint is the lack of accesories such as cases right now.....but it's new and I'm sure we will start seeing them.
5885	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Small and hold charge well....has worked well for over a year.
The software overall is good. What I have to do is resist the urge to compare it to my laptop. It is not a replacement for my laptop. One piece of software I purchased through Handango is called "Bankarama." I love this, because I can enter my ATM purchases on-the-go, instead of saving receipts for entry into the PC later. I can export my data into a CVS for use in Excel.
4605	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very cute, and nicely packaged, perfect for gift giving.


7019	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have just ordered my 3rd set. Seems like they only last for a couple of years B 4 they no longer work & need 2 B replaced
Motorola rma'd it 'to ship 15 days after receiving return'. They forgot to ship until I called [they did 2 day it then].

3488	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product is great! Good sound and great noise reduction. I would recommend this product to others.
QWERTY keyboard

Happy customer.
It works in the USA, Hong Kong, Korea and Mainland China (probably more)

I am adding a few comments after owning this antenna booster for more than three months. I have found, as the instructions indicate that getting proper spacing between the outdoor and indoor antenna is critical. I added on another 20 feet of cable so I could get more horizontal separation between the indoor and outdoor antenna. It made a world of difference. I am now getting 4G (65 dbm HSPA+) reception with no variation in signal. Horizontal separation is more important than cable length.
I'm enjoying this headset so far. The accessibility and ease are outstanding. The headset feels light around my neck.
So my conclusion: If you can wear this w/o any ear pain then get it. It works flawlessly and is very clear. But if you can't wear it, you'll probably be sending it back.
3341	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Made my old wii  looks good on my HD tv
IMO, there is another huge benefit to this product, which the company does NOT advertise... I am sensitive to Radio Frequency...too much, gives me headaches, brain fog, etc.  Cell phones put out a very powerful RF signal, as the signal often can travel 30 miles to a cell tower.  This Booster takes that signal leaving the phone, and carries it on a a coax cable to the roof mounted antenna.  This keeps the RF from blasting ur body / head.  This makes talking on the phone in the car much safer vs. not using a booster.  So if u are concerned about excessive RF, this product is worth the investment for that reason alone.  I have learned to mitigate the RF problem in all parts of my this high tech, wireless world we live in.
- Nice QWERTY
If add it thru calling their service representative, the representative will try to STEAL YOUR IDENTITY by ask you all unrelated information. Besides credit card and your cell phone ID, they ask:
8030	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I long resisted getting a cell phone simply because I don't like making myself available to the entire world at all times.  I like being a bit inaccessible.  But too many incidents where having a cell phone arose and so I decided to get a Tracfone package with the Motorola W370.  I've had absolutely no problems like catalogued in some of the other reviews.  I do live in Chicago, which like most major cities is heavily blanketed with relays for cell phones.  Not once have I not been able to get service (except, of course, when the EL goes underground).
3. 240x240 screen is barely adequate if you use the web and infuriating with the limited number of apps that work with the 700w. On a whole it's better than I thought and not really a problem for most apps that use this resolution. Reading ebooks is a tad fuzzy but perfectly acceptable, even at smaller fonts. But squeeze that IE page into your tiny screen and the little fonts will be illegible. Want to view a power point for example? A word doc you received in email? With a 240x320 you see just enough to view a whole page and make it out. Not so with 240x240. It's just a little too coarse and you have to zoom everything. It's also a lot of info to cram into that tiny screen.
6896	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Battery with normal voltage range
9852	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It took me several weeks to figure out how to make it stay stuck to the windshield, but it's my own fault for not reading the manual. I mean, it's a suction cup, right? Except you need to adjust the ring on the suction part to cause it to suck to the window. Who knew?
4193	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love the jawbone and i love the noise shield with just a touch of a button.  I am also happy that i was able to pick red and not just the main colors that are sold today.  I am very happy with my purchase.
5587	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	cell phones get dunked - the person you need dumps you to voicemail.  if you fall over or the boat catches fire or otherwise leaves you bobbing, be able to call for help.  also great for asking for nav help, weather info, or hailing the marina.  good little kit, no problems noted.
2307	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Samsung has made a very attractive and slim slider phone with an incredibly vivid color LCD. This is probably one of the best slider phones on the market. The only complaint that I have is the keys on the main outer display are too flush and if you have larger fingers, then you will probably constantly hit the wrong buttons. Sound quality is excellent and will also depend on carrier reception. Speakerphone is very good and can be utilized with or without phone being opened. Overall, an excellent entry into the slider phone market by Samsung in a compact package.
I use my headset a lot so I need one that is comfortable and convenient to use.  The H710 is a much better alternative.  It has all the great features of the original H700 and made it better (see my review).
This dock allows me to plug in my iPhone when its in its protective case...something all the others will not allow.

2.  Incoming sound is clear.  I understand the words people say.
to charge the battery itself and the laser pointer/led light might seem
8278	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Note - this review is for the Nextel 8350i case; the normal Curve case WILL NOT FIT an 8350i!
2998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This charger was one of the cheapest, but wasn't worth the savings.  In less than a month the product stopped working and upon examination it was clearly fried!  Even the outer plastic looked as though it was melting.  Definitely not worth it.



The good: Noise cancelation makes this worth the extra money. It can be charged from USB or power with the included adapter. It is compatible with just about all phones and works well with most devices though it does tend to force a connection with some phones when it should not (causes reboots from time to time on some PDAs).  This is difficult to notice unless you are really looking for it.

Only complaint is it took a LONG time to get.
Received box, and setup the same way that we did at work, boosted my signal, but after 20 min I could not make or receive calls. I unplugged the unit and 30 seconds later my phone was going crazy with incoming texts and voicemails.
2713	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this phone from T-mobile as a replacement for the Sidekick III (after using that phone I wasn't expecting too much).  But I was pleasantly surprised!  There are so many options for the Blackberry and I love that.
So basically, if you have full bars (a strong signal) outside of your home, then the boosted signal inside your home will be greater. I want everyone to know this. DO NOT BE MISGUIDED!!!! This system is only as good as your signal outside your home. If you have FULL strength outside your home and have no signal strength inside your --- a basement for example, then, you will have good coverage in your basement room ONLY.
184	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Had all the marking of a legit samsung product but the cord stop working after 3 days. I'm not upset because it was very inexpensive but maybe you should spend a little more and buy a better product off amazon. When it did work it worked very well.
9563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I got this for my non technically inclined brother so he could get good home cell signal.  I walked him through the install over the phone and he cold not get it working. Next time I visited I spent 4 hours trying to get this to work. He lives in a marginal coverage area but it seemed to always be interfering with itself.  I took it home where I have ok coverage and it did boost the signal marginally.

641	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my hot heart massager. It's re-usable and remains ready to use until you flex the internal metal button. The solution inside then crystallizes, producing heat in the process. The heart remains flexible even after the crystals have formed, making it suitable for hot massage.
I needed a way to put a large headphone plug into a tiny jack hole. this is not what i expected it to be. really there are nicer tools for you to get nearly as inexpensive this is not the tool you want!


5)  Person on other end of my call cannot tell I am on a headset.



The use of a mini-USB plug was the reason I bought the H700 in the first place. I thought the H710 was the same on ordered one online based on the reviews I saw here. Why on earth would I want to carry yet another adapter when I already have so many any way. It is like remote control clutter around the house! Why can't Motorola use a standard mini-USB connector like they do on their phones? It was very nice to be able to charge my headset, phone, MP3, Garmin Nuvi from just one adapter. I have a little battery powered "emergency" power device that would recharge my phone and other devices but no tip available for the H710.

2898	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	STRENGTHS:
4433	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is the 3rd "OEM" battery I bought via Amazon Marketplace -- as with the others, it was terrible. I ordered form the OEM shop a BR50. They sent a BR56 which is supposed to be even better with 3 hours talk time. It did not last 30 minutes after a complete overnight charge. Nowhere as long as the battery I am trying to replace which lasts over an hour instead of the original 2 1/2 hours.
7759	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best bluetooth headset ever made. I owned two different sumsung models and the ear peice were uncomfortable plus the way you had to charge them was a big hassle.  The Motorola Bluetooth H710 is very comfortable, easy to charge and very reliable, there is no static noise in the background and the person at the other end can hear me loud and clear! I have purchased three sets for friends and relatives! I recommend that you buy directly from Amazon though because if the price sounds to good to be true, it's because it is, trust me! Fast and free shipping also!
2564	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The BoxWave provides good protection for your Samsung Galaxy Note 2, and doesn't provide near as much bulk as the LiviTech Defender Double Layer Hybrid Hard Case.  I still would recommend the Samsung OEM Case over them all.


This fixes that, and is flexible so it doesn't get screwed up bouncing around in my pocket.  A+++, would buy again.
The ONLY downside to it is that you need a usb to charge it and you can't continue using it while it's charging. But it's a minor complaint. I Also think it'd be nice if it had a user replaceable battery.
What really makes this baby shine is that it doesn't stick in your ear in the traditional way. It rests on your ear and the reverse cone points into your ear.
518	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Replaced 3 batteries for my cordless phone system. After a full night charge I was back up and running, Great!
Thank you Amazon
9011	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really a nice Product to get that extra Charge when You really need it so def a must have Product
The absence of an indication light. Not a huge CON in my opinion, but I'd like some visual confirmation telling me that its receiving power. An ideal place would be on the back of the plug, similar to the GARMIN NUVI's charging adapter.
Clarity
* Buttons are small, forget operating with gloves on.  But if they were any bigger then your back to looking like one of the borg.
I've purchased a few battery packs in the past.  and this one by far is the best designed and the most sturdy.  The casing almost feels metallic even though I'm pretty sure its plastic.
The bad:  I have been told that, on the other end, my voice sounds muffled while I'm on the headset.

6029	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No issues so far with this devise. I bought it for my iPhone 4S. I charge this up in my even. It's pretty portable and does what it's suppose to do. I have no complaints and a full charge lasts about two, full charges on my iPhone. Good for work, and travel.
PHONE/VOICE

7629	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had high hopes for this but was let down hard. It sounded like I was inside a tin can. I tried it with the Noise Shield on and off but no difference. The caller on the other end didn't notice that effect but the removal of background noise for them was no better than my favorite, the Plantronics Voyager 510. The other big issue was the fit. The ear loop is slightly spring loaded to keep the mouthpiece sensor pressing against your cheek. This is intended to allow the sensor to differentiate between your voice and the background sounds. The problem was that the spring tension of the ear loop was slightly pushing the headset off my ear. It comes with several ear bud sizes and two ear loop sizes. I tried them all, on both ears. No luck. It was held on so loosely that the slightest lean of my head to that side and off it came. Completely unacceptable and far worse than all the others I've tried. I have tested 8 different headsets. The way I do my tests is to pair two headsets, put one in each ear, and then switch between them while on the same call. Even if I ignore the fit problem (a deal breaker for me) the sound quality was poor. Worse for me than the caller but why bother, I'll stick with my 510.

The only complaint I have is that the kick stand design is a little flimsy, but still a great added value at for the price, wow!
-The device did not qualify as a "head-set", so the mic on the BLT370 failed to work. Up-side is the audio was avail through both left and right.

** JULY 2008 UPDATE **
9906	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The concept is wonderful and of course, there will likely be bubbles to iron out but this just isn't a "pretty" product. Will it protect the screen from surface scratches? Yes. Will it stay on? For a little bit.

1841	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it does the trick

5. opens & closes very well well (1st edition I had was a little clunky, had a Samsung China sticker on the inside, 2nd edition I had (replaced due to bad mic) doesn't have a manufacturer's tag)
Called Wilson "Tech Support."  The gentleman suggested that I return this product and get a 'more powerful / better unit.'


1414	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	ok


-1 star for these protectors really showing fingerprints and being more challenging to put on.
2739	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case fits like a silk glove.  It is EXACTLY the case for this phone.  it pits perfectly, isn't some shoddy cheap case, it doesn't add bulk grippy on the edges, awesome.  really.  awesome case.


4125	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I very much enjoy my iPhone but without a case it would easily slip out of my hand.  Also was hard to hold onto when I would take it with me on jogs etc.  This case allows me to hold it without worrying that it will slip out of my hand and I can still get access to all the controls.  I looked at other cases and found this one to work best for me.
So, overall, this case will have to suffice till something better comes along because of our complaints about poor design issues.  Get with it, Motorola!!!
The voice command works great as do the redial although none of the button functions are similar to my other headsets, it is just a learning curve thing and some dropped calls to get it down.
I used to put the set in my pocket between calls.  Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.  I contacted the company and they indicates that this is because if the loop doesn't break, the headset itself would break instead.
5531	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It arrive promptly. Nice combination. LED's are very bright. Have used it for a couple weeks and I am happy with it.

2687	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Not only is the color way too bright and not nearly as it appears online, but after using it for a week the clip fell off.
  The battery seems to last the specified times, but the proprietary charger connections are not only a bad idea, but stupid as well. While one end of the cable can be plugged into a standard USB slot, the end that attaches to the Jawbone is proprietary. This is just plain dumb. It should be a mini-USB. Instead you have to remember to pack yet one more cable.
The sound is mediocre and the mike is testy.



4688	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I do not have a Galaxy Note, I was just looking for a really large case. I have a work and person phone that I need to carry at all times so I was looking for something big enough to hold both. I found this and thought it looked great, and it definitely did look it when I got it. However after a couple weeks I can tell its not.
- Over-the-ear swing arm earpiece that can be used on left or right ear
5)  Mount cell extender about 3 feet from the floor in the top living level of your house in a center location of the house.
6239	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this battery pack to charge my droid phone and sometimes my ipod. With this battery I am confident I will have enough battery for the entire day- even with constant internet use. Best part is I can still use my phone while it is charging. I've also found that my droid phone only charges when the screen is on (if i am using it) and it is attached to this battery. I find this to be OK b/c the trent battery seems to turn off automatically if its not charging anything.
As my review title explains, this will power the latest generations of iPod via the USB port.  I successfully tried both a synching cable and a "charging only" cable.
3081	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I've used the Palm OS going on 10 years now.  When my Treo 270 died, I bought a used 270 on Ebay.  Eventually that one died too and I bought an unlocked 650 on Amazon.



  And all for less than either single item @other retail stores thru AMAZON.COM. SCOUTS HONOR TOM A.
One last thing to note about the K850i:  Although it uniquely supports both U.S. and International 3G frequencies, its use on the AT&T wireless network is sub-optimal.  That's because there is an interoperability issue with its built-in media player and the MEdiaNet configuration - so streaming internet videos (e.g. from YouTube) does not work.  This was the single most important reason why I ended up returning my k850i to the local store where I bought it, after having had it for about 2 weeks.



3. Motorola has never figured out menus. Just turning off the keypad beeps (one of the most annoying technological inventions in the post Jar-Jar Binks Lucas era) takes you through a labyrinthine maze of menu options. And it then occasionally resets itself anyway.


UPDATE 6/6/14:

286	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works like having 2 batteries instead of 1. Large battery requires use of the back plate they include which translates to your cell phone holster or Otter Box will no longer fit. Only drawback is you can't attach your phone to your belt.


3889	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very nice shower head. Easy to install and it works as expected
-*Difficult/can't use own pictures (from SD card) as the background/screen-saver.. I still can't figure it out.
pointer. The flashlight isn't incredibly strong, but it comes in handy
Separating the unit on light from the battery capacity lights (I would think most people think all 4 leds represent the battery life and when charging the unit the first one is off)
6) Does not announce the battery level like the LG
4127	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this case, but it does have a downside. There is soft protection over the volume controls. So when I reach into my purse to grab the phone, and if I grab the sides, I could be significantly reducing the ringer volume, even when the phone is in lock mode. Or if I'm on the phone with someone and hold the phone wrong, I mute them. It's happened a lot. I don't know what the solution could be. Perhaps a hard cover of just that area? But no, it's nice to access the volume when needed. Perhaps a hard area just around the volume buttons so fingers can grab at it without affect. I'm a bit of a klutz, which doesn't help matters here. Maybe for other users this has not been an issue at all.
8576	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really convenient charger. Low profile, the phone drops right into it and is charged by contact points on the back of the phone. My only problem is I think I was sent a pink charger. It is a VERY subtle hue of pink so it doesn't bother me, and it just be silver. Either way, I highly recommend this product.
Jim

To keep Jawbone stay in my ear, I got a spounge-like cover and just wrap it around the earpiece, and it works 70% of the time as long as I don't shake my head much.
5921	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very convenient tool. Easy to charge from a wall or computer, and easy to charge a phone. And why not laser and flashlight?



I am currently using a plantronics 655 Bluetooth headset. Call quality is excellent and much better than the 8600.
Happy happy happy happy happy
Highly Recommended!
Saw the "beefier" versions in the local cellular stores, but at a much higher price. Figured I'd stick my toe in with the low-cost model and am not disappointed. I'll buy the better model if these ever wear out - I know I'll be getting my money's worth.



Also It's longer than on picture here.
7441	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I just received the headset last night. I was happy with the size- it's smaller than I thought and super lightweight. I charged it all night and the green light came on. But then- that's it. When I unplug it from the charger nothing happens- no lights turn on no matter what I do. I went to the troubleshooting motorola website which is a complete waste. They have no information there at all. Will be returning it. When I searched google for info on what to do, I found that most people have some kind of problem be it not turning on, disconnecting or losing power.
- 3G is useless on USA or Dominican Republic [Where I live]
Hope this helps!

This DLO case is nicely made and seems durable but unfortunetly, there is a flaw in the design: the exposed open parts can make your iPhone very vunerable to scratches. I noticed a fairly deep scratch on the back of my iPhone right where the middle opening on this case is. It could have happened from a zipper, metal button or most probably from a rivet on my jeans coming in contact with the back of the iPhone through the slot. I am switching to another case that covers more of the iPhone.
The phone is ok for basic phone features. With the exhorbitant price of data plans, if you're going to pay that much monthly, you should invest in a phone that can make better use of the data features. The crippling problems in the MP3 player render it nearly unusable for that purpose.

It clips securely onto your visor and once fully charged, you can remove the cord for a sleeker look. There are four large buttons on the front, mute button, play/pause button, dial button and the voice assist/Siri button. The call button answers calls, places calls (you will be prompted once pressed - calls are voice activated), places calls on hold to answer another incoming call, and ends calls. Also, it allows you to take calls from 2 cell phones at the same time and most importantly, it can store up to 6 cell phone connections. This is a great feature for families. It refers to the phones by number, in the order paired to this device.
14	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I used this case for not even a week and the bow came off. I loved it so pretty, but wish it would of stayed together.
Although it looks good on paper, it isn't really ready for prime time.
3932	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it comes with a piece to limit/lessen the flow rate. i left that piece in the box. this shower head is not only very large, but the flow rate is very generous. water pressure comes out great and there are no leaky joints. i couldn't be any happier with a shower head than i am with this one.

The screen is just the right size to use the internet and the connection is just OK to suit my needs that is checking information such as weather, movies, rates of exchange etc. I wouldn't recommend it, however, for reading long newspaper articles, however, the letters are a little to small.

Jeff



6276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an stellar addition to the sometimes "lack luster" portable battery chargers that have infiltrated the mobile phone accessory market.  In the case of the IMP500, the compact size, ease of use, rapid ability to charge a dead phone on a plane or in the middle of a desert, combined with an ample capacity, makes this a dependable asset to your "must have" accessories.

This is a minimalist phone. It can text-message if you need to, but it's a bit difficult to read and type text. It has a loud ringer, a vibrate mode, a loud speaker phone, an address book, and it works well for making phone calls.  That's it. No internet, no camera, no images, no music, no downloaded ringtones. This is the most inexpensive unlocked phone available anywhere, and thank you Motorola for making it such a high-quality product.

Excelent display, with a great angle view, very fast for common task and also very fast in GPS, with Garmin Mobile XT (4.20.20).

Also, it would be nice if you could plug in the mini connector for a charge or a headset, but the side panels get in the way.

The plastic cover was easy to install bubble free with a credit card and a little patience - only took two tries. The instructions were clearly written. The rest of the case and rubber outer cover installed in seconds and everything fit exactly. The keys and trackball are perfectly useable through the plastic cover just as they were without it. The only caveat is the clarity of the camera with the plastic installed - you do need to cut out the plastic bubble over your camera eye if you still intend to take clear photos with the Otterbox in place.


3rd, something that wasn't advertised or even printed on the box. This headset came with a lanyard, so it can be worn around the neck. I cannot tell you how great that is for someone who ALWAYS loses or misplaces their headset. Everyone I work/or socialize with has commented on what a great idea this is, and they are right.
4053	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you have a Kindle and want to use the iGo products for the Kindle, then this is the tip you need! You may want to purchase an extra just in case something happens to one.  They're simple to use, just pop it on and off the  various charger you want to use.  But be careful as they are small and easy to loose!
7240	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The telephone would not recognize the sim card. I would like my money back.

3623	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good fit for the phone i have
Now I have seen some reviews here saying these buds could have better bass or more volume.  Really?  As I said, the sound quality is superb on all types of music from classical to jazz to rock and soul, and the buds play as loud as you can stand without damaging your hearing.  I wonder if the complainers realize that you have to raise the volume on your BT player or smartphone to "get in the zone."  And of course, as with any in-ear buds, you must make sure you're getting a proper seal, using the right size bud tips for your ears.

3635	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THIS IS A SLEEK CASE IT FITS MY DAILY NEEDS FITS MY HTC EVO V I MAY ORDER ANOTHER AS A BACK UP
7528	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	they must be second as the belt loop always come undid sewing
5295	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this screen protector for my q9c and I must say, I am pretty happy with it. It fits very well and was pretty easy to put on. The only thing I don't care for is how easy it is to leave smudges all over the protector. My protector didn't come with a squeegee, but the silicone backing means you don't really need it. If you realize you have a little dust under the protector, apply a strip of scotch tape to the corner closest to the dust, slip the point of an exacto blade CAREFULLY between the screen and protector to get it started a little, lift up a bit with the tape, and remove the dust from the protector with the sticky side of a piece of scotch tape. Then  carefully reapply the protector from center to corner, remove the tape, and remove any tape residue with a microfiber cloth. These are far better quality than the 3m protectors, and A LOT easier to apply than the invisible shield.

4147	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good

2100	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very handy
1127	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It is reliable & works well with the power adapter. But with all cables plugged in it tips easy & is far too bright for bedrooms. So for the actual function it is 5stars. But for other considerations it is about 2.5 stars. So, even though it is only USB2 (not the faster 3) I give it 3.5 stars.
1053	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great meter for measuring magnetic fields.  The top two gauges allow one to measure these fields at different levels of detail.  We use the middle gauge the most.  The bottom gauge, for measuring RF, isn't quite as functional.  RF is best measured with a meter specialized for that spectrum.
5626	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works even with all the new devices. I thought $30 for a charger was insane back in the day, but I've had this charger since like 2007 and now this tip since around 2010. Fantastic products from iGo. They are truly built to last.
Occasionally the LED or the laser would turn on, in my pocket, but the good thing is they auto-shutoff after about 30 seconds.

Battery life.  5 days stand by 3.5 hours talk
4007	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Heavy Duty Extra Large Vertical Smart Phone Case is exactly what I needed to fix my cellphone. This case is a winner, and a very good value for the money.
8040	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	After years of being tethered to my cordless phone in order to use a headset, I finally gave in and decided to try the Calisto.  I had very high hopes. Plantronics = good.  Bluetooth = good.  Small unit = good since I get up from the desk to go to my small warehouse.
-Small (for a cheap smart phone)
3991	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	bought a couple of these since they were so cheap. should of just bought the more expensive ones. these lasted about 1 month before falling apart. some lasted longer, some lasted not quite as long but they were all gone very quickly. very poor quality, would not buy these again.


thanks,



1055	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am definitely a newbie to using items like this Trifield meter.  So far it does everything it was advertised as being able to do.  Now I need to learn more about using it.
Puerto Ordaz, Venezuela.
3. The audio is reset back to default after turning off the headset, and the default volumne of the headset is pretty high.

GOOD QUALITY AND GOOD PROTECTION WONT FALL OFF THE ARM-BAND! :D

Thanks again
4982	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered 2 adapters a month ago from this seller and they still work well. They arrived quickly, too.  I would definitely buy from this seller again.
1. The user manual is sufficient but most functions are explained via pictures.  Including pictures and text would be better.
987	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Don't waste your money, even if it's just a couple dollars. Read up, research, and you'll see the folly of these things.
All in all, buying the iTorch will be the best move you can make if you are looking for a portable external power source for multiple devices!
Other features-
THE JAWBONE HAD NO SUCH ISSUE. In fact, it performed well up to 45 feet (line of sight)! One caller thought I was on a landline!
Found these and decided to risk $4. I'm back today to order a couple more for the car and the gym bag.

2002	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
The only problem I had was the infamous "Nextel echo", where every caller heard an echo of whatever they said. This was solved by a simple software update from Nextel's site.

-Nice device from an aesthetics point of view
use the iTorch when on the road. The iTorch even kept a full charge after a week of no


The iTorch also has a LED light and laser pointer option on it as well, making it a potential replacement for an emergency light and laser pointer for presentations. This would allow you to leave a couple other devices at home and increase this chargers usefulness especially when space may be tight. The light is fairly bright, think good pen light, which is all you need in an emergency or if you just need a small light for those times when working in a dark area (under a desk or behind something). I haven't gotten to test the laser pointer fully, but it seems adequate for using in a presentation/meeting.
7597	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does the job no matter in what country you are. A little bulky but that is to be expected to be able to adapt to any kind of outlet

Couple of differences compared to H710 (that I have noticed so far):
All-in-all I'm loving my new phone (I've had it for several weeks).  I've been able to get rid of my palm pilot because it holds 1,250 contacts (with the Simm Card).  One note - if you add your contacts to the phone's memory (as opposed to the Simm's) you will have to set the ringer for each contact or else it defaults to no ring).  The motorola software also allows you to sync to your Microsoft Outlook contacts and calendar, and it was truly easy to use!
Overall, this is one of those stories of how a phone could have been great! It is almost there. Trust me when I say you will be glad you waited for the next version of this phone. I have read in numerous magazines it is due in the spring. SURE! SURE!!
1107	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had the Treo 650 for months, and agree with most other raters that it had problems.  It reset spontaneously, had 50% less usable memory than the 600 and the phone quality was not as good.  Palmone has updated the ROM now and fixed all these problems.  My usable memory went from 5 mb to almost 11mb, and the phone is now completely stable.  No need for reservations anymore.  The ROM update is not yet available for Cingular, but will be, I suppose, eventually.
4514	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've only had these headphones for a few days but that has been enough time to really put them through their paces.

Now, the phone is another story. I miss the ease of dialing a traditional cell.  My Bluetooth does not work well with the 680. People typically tell me that they can't hear me so I now use a corded ear bud.  The Bluetooth doesn't work with the voice dial feature that is purchased separately.  You can't insert hard pauses with phone numbers that require you to dial extensions.  There is no way to delete one digit at a time if you misdial a number.  You have to leave the phone dialing page and return to redial.  The phone dials slowly if there are other programs running. And lastly, you can't check your calendar or other features after answering the phone if the key pad was locked when you answered the phone. You have to hang up with the person, unlock the phone, check the calendar and call them back.
1455	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The 510 has been around for awhile and is heavier and larger than some of the newer models but I find the audio quality on both transmit and receive are excellent.  Battery life is also quite good.
419	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I give up
* By far, the best thing about it is the noise-cancelling feature. I'm on the road a lot, and the "max" setting almost eliminates road and background noise on the other end...my daughter said she hated talking to me when I was on the road before I bought this headset. This is a MAJOR plus, and the main reason I bought it to begin with. It simply works!
Overall, I'm quite pleased with this item but only give it 4 stars because the stereo sound could be better.
2901	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This products works great, if you install it properly. I have a 5 bar signal on my roof, but 0-2 bars in the house. So I put the antenna on the roof, ran the cable down the side of my house and into the basement, where I then ran the cable straight across from where it enter the house to a point in the center of my basement. It's now right in the center of the house, just below the ceiling.
Poor quality plastic .
GCP fits perfect with my cell phone
- battery lasts and lasts (and lasts)
7776	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good quality headphone, the flip mic/switch is very intuitive. Connection with two phones works as expected, though it has a notion of primary phone and secondary phone, so you might need get the wrong phone to call, when both are in vicinity. Great voice quality, good on power. I am a light cell phone user, so discount my opinion accordingly.
Setup is a breeze and it is on most of this type of devices.
7. Same power adapter as all recent nokia phones. That alone makes it worth the price for me since I have several nokias.
9132	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I think overall the product is great as a external battery but there are a few things that could have been done better. Heres some pros and cons.
1474	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product technology might be a little dated, but it works the best so far. I have had at least 4 bluetooth headsets in the last 6 years and this one performed the best. Clear sound (that gets loud) and comfortable in the ear. Nobody asks me to keep repeating myself while using this headset, I like it.
All I wanted was a phone that worked.  After previously owning the $700 mini-computer type phone I was ready to kick 'em all to the curb but this has been great.  If you're tired of the high charges and contract hassles, give this a try.  I spent $100 on 1200 minutes and a year's worth of service.
Pros: one fully charged iTorch can recharge my iPhone (and iPad, and camera) numerous times before needing to be recharged. It feels well-made and it's light enough to carry with me. Also small enough to fit in my pocket.


The only real issue I have with the Buds is the fact that the metal Motorola log on the Earbuds eventually falls off as well as the rubber screw covers.  I've had the buds for a little over a year and the sound qaulity continues to be amazing.

3894	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I really hated this cheap shower head.
6983	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Protect my screen and received it quick in the mail. Does the job it is needed to do and will purchase again
3731	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great item. I am very happy with this purchase.
5057	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	While this adapter does pass the stereo signal to the headphones it does not pass the microphone signal as stated in the description. In other words it is not a full 4 conductor adapter.
I think that pretty much covers everything about the charger; in conclusion I really don't have any major complaints about the device, for the week that I have been using it heavily I have never really had any problems with it. It's worked and I haven't had any malfunctions or something terrible like that.  If New Trent could improve something in my opinion it would be having the LEDs turning off while the charger is actually charging a device, and having an easier way to turn on and off the LED flash light.  But if you are looking for a USB battery charger I would defiantly consider this one just because of the form factor along with the features it brings at the price range.

3226	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This thing died after 12 months of use.  before that it was great and paired nicely with my motorola S9's.
What I received appeared to be in brand new condition: the box was sealed, and so were all the bags inside. The charger has a US plug but can be used overseas. The battery appeared to be new too, and after being charged under three hours held it for over 36 hours.  The phone was unlocked, but T-Mobile branded. It worked with both my T-Mobile SIM and a UK (English) pay-as-you-go SIM.
This particular weBoost product is designed for a single user only and is designed to be used in a car, truck, van, RV or boat. According to the manufacturer, this device "enhances talk, text, and high-speed 4G LTE internet on ALL phones with ALL carriers while on the road. No more dropped calls, lost connections, and slow internet."
 * additional blue lights (2, 2+3 or 2+3+4) may be iilluminated indicating the charge level -
  -Operates as a flashlight
4278	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like the unit I had the older model and the movement part go lazy and would not turn on until I was driving for a while. This unit turns on immediately when I get in and the voice quality is great compared to the old type. I don't talk that much in the car so battery level is fine always says 5 hours talk time. I wish the unit was thinner but it never gets in the way
4150	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	What a disappointment!  Cheaply made. No one could understand me. Incoming audio was difficult to understand.  It kept beeping several different patterns every 20 to 30 seconds.  Customer service had no idea what this was, why it was doing it or how to stop it.  Although they send several different sizes of earplugs and ear holders, I couldn't find one that was comfortable or that would stay on my ear. This was the 4th or 5th headset I have tried and I just about gave up until I ran across the Motorola H710.  It does it all well and I don't even know I'm wearing it.  Sorry Jawbone.  I just don't understand all of the glowing reviews.

Comfort
8956	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this unit free when I purchased the New Trent iCarrier 12000mAh Dual USB External Battery Pack. It's the perfect size for the wife's purse and packs a punch for her iPhone 5. Has a laser to drive the cats nuts and a small led flash light if she needs it. Looks nice and has a nice velvet pouch to keep it in.
I would definitely recommend this item.
Ipod Touch 4th Gen
Comfortable
All in all a good value for the price.
2150	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to put my new Galaxy S3 in it while out on the boat.  Phone fits in there fine.  Might be able to stack 2 of them in there.  I am giving it 5 stars based on that so far.  Have not tested the water resistance of it yet.
of a normal smart phone and size makes it easy to carry around in your
Cons:
7653	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The ear buds that come with the iPhone do not stay in my ears.

8158	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The price was cheap and the shipping was great, the item arrived on time. However the item did not work with my phone, the adapter was not the right fit for the phone. I might of recieved the wrong item because it wasn't the one for the phone I ordered
If this item is what you want, I couldn't recommend a quicker vendor. :)
5126	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Motorola W375 is a great phone but like the other reviewer, it is true that Net10 has disabled a few necessary features that make this phone such a great deal.  No, you can't upload your photo's to your pc so you can't print out your memories.  I have had to send my photo's to my best friends cell, she then uploads them and emails them to my pc.  Really don't like having to impose on her (good thing I now keep my digital camera with me all the time).  Unfortunately, next year our family will go back to a family plan with another carrier.  I guess you truely get what you pay for.
All in all, if you're looking for a nice, simple bumper case I suggest you look no further (assuming the price is still good).
I'd give this product a 5 out of 5 stars as it meets or exceeds all my expectations for a good, reliable battery backup for my iPhone. It is easy to pack with you and has some nice bonus features that one doesn't expect to find on an external battery backup device. I would definitely recommend to anyone wanting battery backup/external pack for extending the life of your phone.
Pros:


Final Recommendation:
1377	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The 3g sim card always works for me. I take one and an old cellphone with charger as a backup on vacation. We have had a cellphone fall into a pool. Great piece of mind to keep the line of communication open.
Phone-wise, it sounds very good to me, and gets signal where Iphone couldn't.  It has a bounty of software, including To-Do and various versions of OFFICE.  3G internet access is pretty fast, nothing compared to a good laptop on a DSL, but usable.
-I just purchased this very cute starter kick for it that includes a case, flashlight and car charger.
Answer feature works well
SE: 9/10 Shine: 6/10
5451	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love these for small electronics
9204	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this right before a 10 hours plane ride where I knew my iPhone battery wouldn't last.  On the flight, I charged up my iPhone twice - fully - and the Imax was still almost full.  This is a really nice little product and I recommend it for anyone who need extra battery life for their iPhone (i.e., everyone!). It's so nice not having to worry about running out of juice.
8444	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to restore an old T60 Lenovo and it needed a battery.  This works just as well as the original if not better.
- Opening attachments in emails is hit-or-miss at best.
This case is too big for slim Navigon 2100 Max which I have odered aswell and I like it very much. Also the case  has too many openings - which will allow dust go into the unit if you keep it in a dusty and messy place - like my son's car.  I could use this case as a lunch box, but I already have one. So I have returned it to Amazon.
Pros:

Using the 320, I made several calls to automated numbers. All connected quickly, except the one where my phone automatically follows a script to punch in passwords. In that call, there was a considerable delay before the 320 took the audio signal from my phone. My old Cardo had the same delay, so I think this is a function of the phone.

4730	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I'm not one to casually buy a product, especially when it costs $80. I did the research and found the Jawbone to be the superior product. However, when I actually was able to use it, I was greatly mistaken.

5161	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This looked like an interesting and relatively low-cost option for my wife's car/cell phone, since she hasn't found a bluetooth headset that fits her ear comfortably.  Unfortunately, we cannot get this unit to pair with any of three cell phones (iPhone 3G, two new Nokias).  It goes into pairing mode as advertised, but none of our phones can find it (they all find all of the headsets and computers we have tried pairing with other than this unit).  Makes this rather useless, and I would strongly suggest testing your phone against one of these before ordering.
8680	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The perfect OEM holster to accompany your Blackberry. Very nicely made and well worth the price. The pivoting clip is an added bonus.
5121	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	maybe this is not the best looking phone but it last forever. I have mine for over 2 years, and it survived so many drops on the concrete-no problems at all.
894	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my third purchase. The second headset purchase failed to turn on after the first 4 weeks of use. My first Motorola Buds headset lasted me a year of daily use bicycling plus jogging a few days a week. The first set was durable, sweat resistant, has excellent controls for: google now, skipping tracks, volume control. Bluetooth pairing could sometimes be finicky, but the range is good. They are light and molded to not fall of the neck with movement like running or sit ups.
2245	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	connection is very loose..  often falling out for no reason.

when i charged this, it is taking forever... i hate this..
2055	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Makes the headset 5x better as far as sound quality and overall fit/comfort. Get rid of that hook for good and enjoy the headset as it was intended... You can find the gels on e Ba Y as well as the Jabra website...As for the bluetooth piece...I just got mine last night. Waiting on a replacement charger since I got mine used and didn't have much juice left to fully test it out...
Overall, this is the best BT headset I've ever used in the three years that I've been using them. Good show, Samsung.
8849	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice product. Works great & fits in any bag or purse. I have never needed the light or laser but they're good to have in a pinch. I have purchased multiple chargers & keyboards from New Trent & all of the have met or exceeded my expectations.

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jabra-BT250v-Bluetooth-Headset-with-Vibrating-Alert-Retail-Packaged/dp/B0007UC5U6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jabra BT250v Bluetooth Headset with Vibrating Alert [Retail Packaged</a>]
Questions ?:
The bad:
- Quick charging.

Another serious flaw is in the mounting options. The unit comes with a mount and two sided adhesive, but there was nowhere on my dash that I could mount the cradle where it would be optimally positioned... scratch that, there was nowhere I could mount it and it not look ridiculous. The cradle didn't have enough range of motion from the mounting hardware, it only rotated about 20-30 degrees. It would have been much more helpful to also include a cup holder mount or even a cigarette lighter charger/mount together.

6026	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We camp every month and it is a challenge keeping electronic devices like phones and iPads charged through the weekend. In the woods you seldom have access to a wall outlet, and the solar charger seems good just for a 75% charge on one device. Memorial weekend I took the Trent: iTorch IMP52D - (5200mAh) that I had charged the prior week. It was small and sleek and easy to pack or pocket. It charged my iPhone twice and still had 50% power come Monday morning. Small enough to fit in your hand, but not at all wimpy, it feels very solid and able to stand up to heavy use.
8526	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works even with all the new devices. I thought $30 for a charger was insane back in the day, but I've had this charger since like 2007 and now this tip since around 2010. Fantastic products from iGo. They are truly built to last.
2135	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the Palm OEM version and fits great and looks as good.  After 3 months, no issues at all.  Also has two small pockets for SD cards which is not noted in the ad.  Great value, about 40% less than what Palm was selling it for.
4258	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Only two stars for now because the one I had (just returned it and re-ordered a replacement) I assume must be defective.  I would charge it for 12 hours or more and when I unplugged it the unit would say "5 hours of talk time".  I would then use it and the battery would die with much less than 30 minutes of talk time.  I have to assume it is defective as other reviewers say the talk time is much better than that.


Con's-

1557	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great reception, connects anywhere in the house.  The multipoint technology allows me to connect to my phone AND computer (for Skype) simultaneously.

3- A pairing issue I had was due to IO error (idiot operation instructions). If you want to pair this headset to a new device-- turn off the headset and while turning it back on press the 'phone' button. This button should light a continuious 'blue' light. Once this is set you can pair it with your new device. (Step #2 in the Quickstart guide)
1146	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I used to be a USB doubter - I thought USB wouldn't catch on.  Was I ever wrong!  Without a hub, I wouldn't have enough USB ports to plug everything in!
- Battery life :(
3840	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed, fits perfectly
2208	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What a terrific purchase!  I was so tired of constantly wiping down my screens over and over again, but this little shield truly was worth its weight in gold!  Although it seems insignificant at first, its great to have a clear scratch free, dust free screen every time I pop open my phone!
7703	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OK!
5586	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Este radio es bien practico, lo utilizo para actividades Offroad logrando comunicarme con vehiculos que van mas adelante o detras
3749	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	AMAZING!  I love this charger.  I use it on trips all over the country.  Works great to charge iPhones and iPads.
Conclusion:
Also, I have a car with a convertible top and I can still hear people fine when using this headset- it's quite loud.

The headset can be worn on either ear and it takes a little adjusting to get it to fit nice and snug.  Once it's in place, it's very comfortable, so much so, you forget it's there.

2461	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Dont be fooled. These headsets suck. My first pair broke out of the box and the 2nd pair work 65% of the time.
6206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My 4g phone seems to drink the battery and this battery pack works perfect because it holds a great charge and is perfect size to carry in my pocket. Never having to worry about my phone dieing again as i get almost 3 charges off of this pack
You need to know which general direction the cell tower is and where in the house you want to use the reciever for the cell phone.  If for instance you place the transmitting antenna on the north end of the house facing south the system will not work. The recieving antenna will be in the wrong place.  Its a very good system if you install it the way it HAS to be installed.  Understand that the recieving antenna for the cell phone and the transmitting antenna for the cell tower by neccessity use the same frequency (the cell phone frequencies).
So when I stepped up to this new 8700g, I was simply amazed on many facets:

1942	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good design, especially the earpiece but sometimes the audio quality is terrible. I use it just when I drive and it is good enough for me.

Also, the phone number is in the UK and i was expecting it to be in the US.
*However*, all that said: This package came with three screen protectors, so after going through the first two with the same results, I trimmed the third one so that it cuts offs instantly before the "BlackBerry" bump. And now the screen protector works perfectly - flat, no air bubbles, no sticky mess, and good protection from scratches, fingerprints, and the mild rough handling it receives in my purse.
5093	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The product showed up on time
-Affordable
I bought this phone in september 2005. It looks really nice and flat but:
562	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It gives my cell phone a little more boost and works very good.  I will recommend this product to family and friends.

  2nd. Problem, the battery is very hot to the touch.

6624	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We live in a rural area in a mobile home and can get a signal standing out in the pasture on one leg holding our mouth just right... LOL  In the house, we would often have no signal at all or we would have to have our ear to the window facing south to be able to talk and then we still had a lot of static and cutting out.  Once we installed this, the signal inside went to -61 (-60 is supposed to be near perfect, or so I've read online) and my phone has a max of 4 bars and it is sitting at either 3 or all 4 most of the time now in most every room of the house.  Even with an ice storm the last couple of days with high winds, we still have our signal!  YIPPEE!  I would highly recommend this booster!
I spent a great deal of time researching Blackberry's vs. the Treo's vs. Pocket PC's and came VERY close to grabbing a T-Mobile Dash (which I still believe is the all-around smallest model availabe as I write this, or at least it SEEMED to be), but I finally settled with the trusted Palm OS platform (one that I have become VERY familiar with over the years using pda's for quite some time now).  When I set out to get one, I really had my heart set on the Treo 680...but as I read the reviews for them, one thing kept creeping in to almost all the reviews: battery life was terrible.  With that aside, quite a few of the reviewers mentioned that all things considered, they were more happy with their old 650.  I saw this on so MANY reviews that I began to think twice.  Then I noticed that the 700p was a more beefed up version of the 650, and began to consider it as well.  Unfortunately as I write this, it isn't available with Alltell service where I am (it will, but nobody can give me a target date, and dang it, I am too impatient to wait...) so I am right back with the 650.  It took a while before Palm was able to knock enough of the bugs out of the 650 that I felt like buying one would be worth it...and I am discovering more than a few bugs have been associated with both the 680 & 700p, so no matter HOW much time I spend considering upgrading to a newer model, I find compelling reasons to go right back to the Old School 650.
If you order this or any other item and don't receive what was pictured and listed, contact the seller.  Most of them would rather just give you a refund because they know they are shipping a different brand than what is listed.

8012	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered this kind from a diferent seller and when arrive top fron where it folds over the plastic underneath is always coming apart as was the same problem with this seller seems to be a manafacturer issue so i wouldn't recommend this item the vinyl may be better and have less chance of this issue but no more will i buy this item fro mthis seler or any other seller as i am closing amazon account out because too many sellers having issues reviews will be posted about this item ands sellers online review sites
9806	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got these for certain watches and other small electronics that use this model.  As of today it is far so good.

improvement needs to be done: bt a2dp application coverage, cam startup, SD-HC support


great sound and actually fits in your ear.  Variable ear pieces


.PDF files

9969	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I tried to install over and over again flipping it this and that way...no for me this had all the right numbers but not the right measurement...
-The cable they provide doesnt necessary connect directly to the battery but does require a second piece which they do provide but still annoying to have 2 seperate pieces to carry around.
Filed claim for damaged item.  Seems to me a $1.70 down the drain.
5669	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this bluetooth headset 3 months ago and I love it!  It is one of the most comfortable ones (I tried about 4 others), small, and great sound quality on my end.  The only complaint (and it is actually my husband's complaint) is that to him, I sound a bit muffled.  However, no one else has noticed this (and I have asked).  Has great range and feels very secure in my ear.  Plus - gotta be honest - it looks snazzy!
The IMP52D charged from both my 110V Apple USB charger and my Amazon Kindle USB charger - the IMP52D also charged using either the included cable or my Amazon Kindle Reader cable -
3810	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	PROS:
SET-UP:  I was excited to finally try this booster out, but I was also a little apprehensive about set-up.  To my relief, the instructions were well-explained and set-up was easy.  There are 3 pieces in the box: The outside antenna, the desktop antenna, and the amplifier.  The outside antenna (which is a plastic box that sits in a plastic cradle) has a variety of mounting options - including window mount.  You have to attach the outside antenna to  the amplifier with coax cable (they give you 50' of cable) so keep that in mind when choosing a place for the exterior mount.  (And of course you also have to find the spot with the strongest existing signal.) We did have to fuss around a bit to find a spot where the exterior antenna got a strong signal and could be connected inside to the amplifier, which also has to be plugged in AND connected to the desktop antenna.  Once we had that figured out though, actual set-up was super-fast and we had a green light in minutes.
8233	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Have owned this phone for two years. Having read the reviews I wonder if I got the best one! Holds a charge great, sound quality is great, love the FM radio feature at work. It just keeps delivering but I only use it as a no frills phone. The finish has taken a beating and still looks new. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a inexpensive cell phone. If you want a smart phone this ain't it.
* Thats pretty much it.

9314	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say about this -- for such a cheap price, I was skeptical, but what the heck I gave it a shot.  It snapped onto my camera quickly and easily; can't tell it isn't the original.  When I break it again, I'll buy it again!
Be aware, the IMP52D does NOT include a 110V USB charger - and it does NOT include an iPhone USB cord - it does include a USB cable with a USB 5-Pin Mini B connector and a USB 5-Pin Micro connector - the USB Micro 5-Pin connector will connect the IMP52D to a 110V USB Charger - it will also connect the IMP52D to my Kindle Reader - A cloth carrying case is also included -
Comes with great useable ringtones

Only thing I don't like, when I'm outside, for some reason the wind interfears with my reception, I can't hear the person I'm talking too, and they can't hear me. Works great indoors though. Would recommend.
1220	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	1st month, very good. 2nd month, dropping calls and no one can seem to hear me.  It was like I was not on a wireless bluetooth.  It was bad having to always disconnect this because everyone on the other line could not hear or understand me.  I replaced this after 2 months with the Samsung WEP and have had no problems.  Not worth it.


5287	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been true to Nokias ever since I started using mobiles and every time I get a new one I am pleasantly surprised. 5310 is no exception to this rule.




I ran into someone at work and asked him about his. Sure enough, he had the exact same problem (even used a marker to cover the glue marks).
3441	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely as expected, good tools, the screen comes very protected, with a plastic film, when at first sight,
5133	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This car charger works for my Samsung SCH-U700 Gleam phone.  It's a simple design that get's the job done.  No bells or whistles, just plug it into your car's D/C cigarette socket, and the other end into your phone.
9384	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this with hopes it would help me on a camping trip! My parents visit the same place alot and they losecell service about 20 minutes away and while they are there... I got this 2 days before me and my son were to meet up with parents at there favorite campground. I hooked it up the night before, it took abt 5 minutes. Through WHOLE trip I never lost signal, even within that 20 min stretch to campground and maintained signal why in campground... it was a weaker signal.. But versus no signal at all I was completely impressed with how it worked and how well it worked for being there smallest product in there line! I was able to text and use Facebook messenger while camping to stay in touch with family and friends! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT for mobile traveling to maintain contact and might I add allow my phone's GPS to get me all the way to said campground without messing up!
884	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Have no complaints.  Produces quality sound.  Has different equalizer modes which helps.  No problems with Bluetooth connect.  Answers phone without problems and other party seems to hear me fine. Kinda wish the earphone chords and buds were not white while unit is black.  but.....  Seems to have longer distance from phone than the LG's I own.  Not as comfortable as the LG's but I have not worn them around my neck for an extended period of time.
long meeting since it would be easier to carry around in a pocket and
As mp3 players go, it's nearly unusable.
2- The picture shows the 'Blue' trim headset, however AMAZON shipped out the 'Black' generic version.

Lets outline what 75% feature usage means: Phone, addressbook, email (either POP or Xpress etc) some, Calendar, To do's and organization, a bluetooth accessory plus maybe 10% of the day on streaming content and/or the occasional web surf (which you need to setup and maintain email). First. you will get about 4 hours, maybe less of battery power until the phone is completely dead. Add the second battery that is bundled with the purchase and maybe you can make a phone call on the way home from work. If you are used to other PDAs or blackberrys, you will HATE the navigation through the phone. Excessive menus make it hard to find a command quickly. Plus the scroll wheel doesn't scroll like a blackberry, therefore you can't use it to select everything on the page.
8032	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The connection is good only at home. 20 miles away from home, you get connection only by LUCK. Do NOT depend on it.
Very pretty.  Kinda bulky, but it has to be.  My friends and family all wanted to order one.
I recently went on a trip with my wife and we both have iPhones and can't live without them.  Our trip was part during the work week and part on the weekend, so we needed to be able to communicate with our kids, our co-workers, friends etc.  Well, as trips sometime go, this one turned into a nightmare...at least on the way there.  Our flight was delayed 7 hours.....yes, you heard me right...7 hours!  So, our iPhones were hurting for battery life.  Luckily, each of us had brought a plug in charger!  However, for 7 hours, we were walking from bar to bar and from wall to wall trying to find a charger if only for a brief time.  I told my wife at the time, that when I got home I was going to research a portable battery charger and purchase one.
The range extension is amazing.  I live in very mountainous and wooded area.  I can go 5 miles and have everything from full signal to no service.  When I get into the mountains it gets worse.
Does not come with a wall charger.
1343	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's been two weeks with my Treo 650 and now I remember why I love the Palm OS so much. I switched to BlackBerry two years ago (7290) and I've enjoyed using it except for the very, very basic screen. I assume that's how they get such remarkable battery life. But, I've had to switch from the BB for work reasons and I'm very happily using Palm again. My last Palm was a Palm Vx and it's still alive and kicking after many, many years.

441	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	"This cable not recommended for this device." That is what I get for an error message. Plus it is really short.
Still using the Jawbone.  Very happy with it.  Currently using it with a LG 8350 and it works great.

It is made of more flimsy plastic than Tumi, but these are functional devices. They are not made for elegance and beauty.
Other cons:
The phone offers most standard features which you would expect such as Web Browser, Outlook, MS Office, Multimedia, etc.  It has a nice design with big screen.  The phone's talk quality is very good.  I use Goodlink to synchronize the phone with my company's mail server, which works nicely.
BEST RECEPTION: Mounting your receiver on a pole mount above your home. The higher you can get it into the air, the better your signal will be. Mounting it on some kind of poll or antenna above your home would help get you the most bang for your buck (but there will be little shelter from the elements.) I suppose you could also mount this onto the outside of a brick chimney (depending on if your chimney gets warm or not or if you even use it).

8984	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this charger because my phone dies at work before the day is over.  This very conveniently fits inside my pocket and is not uncomfortable.  The laser pointer and flashlight are an added bonus that have come in use for presentations at work.  One of the better things I like about this charger is the micro usb input that is the same as all of my other devices.  I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone.
HOWEVER.... I wear glasses and have a rounder face.  It is difficult to place the earpiece on my ear with glasses on.  The bulky part doesn't sit well on my glasses' frame.  The mouthpiece is not adjustable.  I have fuller cheeks and the mic comes in contact with my face.  Not sure why it was made that way since not all faces are the same.  The control buttons are also difficult to manage while driving.  The main control on the side is fine but the tiny on/off and volume buttons were hard to find and press without dislodging the unit.  I turn it on before I place it on my ear.  Maybe that has something to do with it sitting on my eyeglasses frame. I do like the sound quality and will continue to use it for a while before coming back to update.  If it doesn't work well for me I'm sure one of my kids will like it.  (I ended up returning it.  See above)

EDIT: I got this for $11.95 just a few months back. Just about $16 including shipping. It's probably still worth the $23.50. It's a nice headset.
Cons:
Quickly connects to phone to answer or make calls
The bad.....The Mobile 6 OS is designed for right handed people and as of now there is no way to move the scroll bar to the left of the screen. Keep that in mind if you plan on using the stylus with your left hand that your hand will cover the screen when you use the scroll bar. Next, the memory should have been a bit higher than 64mb because there is some lag when changing the view to panoramic, and running multiple programs. I did add a 2GB micro sd card for storage which I'd recommend. The "speaker phone" is also a issue for me. I wish it was louder because it's very hard to hear if there is any background noise(like while riding in a car). The voice dialing is also pretty useless because the phone seems to always misunderstand the names you announce to dial and you have to hurry and hit the end button otherwise the phone will automatically dial the wrong person. My LG9800 was much better at voice dialing and you didn't have to manually speak and save every persons name in your phonebook! The LG was automatic(it had a text to speech function). The Bluetooth has to be refreshed quite often and doesn't connect automatically, you must turn on the bluetooth on your phone first. Even after you set it up, it seems to randomly disconnect the settings a couple of times a week. The camera(2.0 megapixel) seems to take washed out photos. Maybe I need to play with the settings a bit more but my old LG (1.3mp) definitely took better photos. The camera is also slow to take photos. Also, no lens cover for the lens filter.
Of course, currently no other device - not even the Treo 600 - has the same portable form factor and useable keyboard as the SK II.  If you are an absolutely Internet junkie, you'll probably find T-Mobile's abysmal coverage tolerable and SK's true wireless Internet access appealing.
As it is now, I have people asking me if I am there (can't hear me), say my voice fluctuates in volume, is of poor quality.
Great for travel or just keeping in my bag when I need it.
9264	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	looks nice, and good for the price. But a little bit too tight, and hard to take out the phone.

3759	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The velcro adhesive supplied with it melts in hot weather.
9933	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have searched for months for a "good quality" phone holster. The majority are cheaply made, the edges fray, the threads break and the whole thing falls apart. Finally, I have a holster that stands up to constant wear.  It's built to be tough.  If it gets soiled, just throw it in the washing machine and then take out to dry.  It will slide over your belt for horizontal carry, and the metal clip is so strong you can thread your belt through it for vertical carry.  Most clips on the others I've had would allow the holster to become unattached quite easily.  This thing probably meets military specs because it's so rugged.  No more cheap, imitation leather/vinyl holsters for me.  I bought this one for less total money that I had paid for the last three cheap holsters I've use in the past year.
9919	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Have just ordered my 3rd set. Seems like they only last for a couple of years B 4 they no longer work & need 2 B replaced
---------------------------------
Overall rating:
I have tried Everything... even a Verizon recommended NE (Network Extender)---which was 3 1/2 hours of wasted time.




miniSD support, while the similar product (HTC Magicial and Prophet can take standard SD)


8695	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a review for the newer version of the KU990 (also known as the VIEWTY), the KU990R. I live in the USA, so this phone is pretty rare, and it's expensive to buy, but it's worth the price.
658	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Placed this on the dash of my Ford F150, and it did stop my phone from sliding around. As others have stated, it is so sticky you may have to pry the phone off of it.  A hassle sometimes, but at least the phone is secure.  Wish it was about an inch and a half longer so it would fit the depression in the dash.
5)  Battery life appears good. I recharge about every other day, but that's with heavy texting and internet usage.
1858	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very good

8212	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Heavier than I imagined, good quality, pretty design which is on both sides of the outside, and you can see the reverse of it on the inside - exactly what I expected from the pic and description. Arrived shockingly quickly. I'm very happy with my purchase!

My rating of only 4 star
I wear glasses, so I have to adjust the earpiece to fit over the ear along with the arm of the glasses. It only takes a moment and even though both are over one ear, it is still very comfortable.
2798	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased 4 of these batteries and only 2 of the batteries are in working condition.  So I would say 2 stars for the battery.  It doesn't hold a charge and it says invalid with my phone.  The ones that work, work fine though.  Buyer beware.
I would like to see the cables built in like some of their other products, but love the fact that there are cables included with a small carrying pouch.
Sound quality is better than the Motorola HS 810. Jabra seems to work well for those who have small ears and their ear cells make it adjustable.
I never heard about Plantronics before buying this headset and I grew to appreciate it a lot more after years of usage. Only recently I discovered that Plantronics has a long history with headsets and that even the Apollo missions used their headsets on the Moon. Makes sense. "One small set for man, one giant leap away from other BT headsets. Houston, we have no problem".
I love it and I've only had it 3 days! Awesome handset in form, function, and design.

Because it was important I stay connected while spending the day at the resort or at another media event, I needed a solution to keep me powered all day long, through the pouring rain or the beating sun.

Several reviewers have stated they have problems with sounding garbled during conversations. Most likely, this is another case where you need to utilize that warranty or return policy. When the phone is good, it's good. If you're having problems, you probably have one of the 30% of these phones that comes off the manufacturing line with hardware issues. They might not give you another model, but they definitely have to replace the phone.

2 Second Hold Click - also pretty easy, it turns the IMP52D battery pack on & off -
6914	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I received very quick and just like others have said just plain white envelope.  I put it in the watch and seems to be working good so far it's only been about a week

9390	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I run a fishing boat and service is poor sometimes in the area we operate in. I tried the expensve boosters and they were a waste of money. When i purchased this, i got the marine antenna to go with it, what a difference! I normally get 1-2 bars max and little or no 4g service in certain areas, but with this its almost ful signal most of the time.. I also use it in my apartment because i don't have a home phone, my cell signal sucks there, but with this its much better.. I mounted the antenna on the outside patio and ran the wire thru with the cable wire, works perfect! You gotta realize that these may not work for everyone, but they do work for most if set up properally..
9378	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's hard to review this in a way because there are so many variables that make it worthwhile or not worthwhile, depending upon your situation, circumstances and level of expectation. All I can do is explain my circumstances and hope it helps someone. I live way out in the woods, so it's very rural. I'm surrounded by trees on all sides which block my signal considerably. So my signal has always been bad, but then I went and put a metal roof on my house. Had I known it would just about kill my signal I may not have done it, I only learned afterward that a metal roof will do that. So it was a lousy connection before the metal roof, then with the metal roof I started getting dropped calls, etc. Just a terrible experience. I had to sit in a certain place, with my head in a certain direction to talk and even then it often wouldn't work, I was constantly cutting out or getting dropped.
8160	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These chargers last a few months if you're good to them; a few weeks if you're not. But nicely priced. I recommend buying a few at a time to save on shipping, and then you'll always have a backup.
I bought a 2nd for my 70 year old father and he configured and can use this thing easily.


8255	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this item for my BlackJack 2 primarily to listen to my music, watch videos, etc. I brought it with me on my drive to Vermont which was about 5-6 hours. After 5-6 hours wearing it, my ears did begin to hurt a bit after I removed it. This item does not have any volume adjustment. he sound quality was fine, no complaints. I had a call come in and I heard the other party fine. Unfortunately, the earbud wire length had different sizes one was really close to the ear and the mic is directly to your mouth which is fine and the other earbud wire was pretty long so the long wire sorta hangs on my face since I don't have a really wide face. It doesn't really bother me but I wish they constructed that better so it would look fine.
7364	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good and courteus service, great product, great company and nice people to do business with, Sure would buy again if needed.


9226	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent phone case, strongly made, highly recommended. Very God design & construction

7047	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fast service. Product was as described.

Excellent product if you have multiple areas in your home or office where you set your Blackberry down. Keeps your Blackberry constantly at full charge.
3722	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great

+Durable case
- The Pelican is far more crush proof.  If you plan on throwing your phone in a dry bag with all your gear and taking it on a rafting or kayaking trip it's a solid choice.
It has a USB port and also another port that fits my blackberry and GPS unit.  It also has a laser pointer on it.  I haven't had much use for the laser pointer, but it's small enough that it doesn't make a difference.  I like that it's nice and small and fits well in my purse without much bulk.
Earpiece-  There was a big problem I ran into and that was the earpiece.  It is simply to quiet.  If I am at the mall or somewhere sorta loud but not to loud I can barely hear the person on the other end and for that I have to give that idea 1 star.
452	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	D.A. Wolfe below is absolutely incorrect.  This thing does not shift at all.  I have no idea what he means by he has to "baby it around corners."
4341	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	True, this charger will charge multiple devices, but...

================


This NewTrent IMP500 device would definitely get 5 stars! Without a doubt. It is very new age looking, shiny black and blue cover, sturdy, along with a very simple, easily understood and has usable accessories. This is just FUN. It's fun to plug in your phone and then go out to eat and have your phone plug into its own source on the table your eating at. I did have someone ask me what that was the other day because they thought I was a serious user since I had my stuff plugged in at the table. What I told them was where the manufacturer of the cell phone company failed, NewTrent picks up and makes it better! AMAZING

bill
All that said, while it may not be the most aesthetically pleasing Bluetooth headset, it is not the ugliest either.  It is interesting to note the design differences in the newer Jawbone model that Aliph just released, however.  They've presented a much more attractive version with a sleeker, less obtrusive style, seemingly proving that the manufacturer recognizes the customer's desire, frivolous though we may be, for a headset that is pleasing to the eye.
welcome addition.
7402	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have had two of these. They  are great for around a garage or shop or in an vehicle like a boat or open jeep. Really good protection, but bulky. Not something I would run with.

The sound quality is excellent and does not receive much interfernce like others I have used. If my bluetooth music skips it usually isbecause the cellular radio on my phone is on which interfers on most any cell phone, so if it is off it plays flawlessly. It works well at a distance up to the advertised 30 feet and syncs nicely to my PC. It has the AD2P functionality with I believe 2.1 BT firmware. It stays nicely in your ear so you can hear your audience well and does not move much if fitted properly to your ear, even when running though I would not recommend it for jogging. I wish this used a normal USB mini charger but if that is the only fault that is pretty good. As for the buttons and media functions like voice dialing and pause/play/next the headset works very well although not as well on Android phones. By this I mean that sometime you need it hit buttons twice to make it work and sometimes the audio does not pick up on command but call quality and music quality are very good. Windows Mobile phones work flawlessly with it as I'm sure Blackberrys and other smart phone would.
http://www.amazon.com/PowerBear-Samsung-7800mAh-Extended-Protective/dp/9707716371?ie=UTF8&psc=1&redirect=true&ref_=oh_aui_detailpage_o01_s00
Well built and solid.  Just wishing they had one a little bit bigger  so i could keep my power adaptor with my phone.

With the ability to wear it on my belt in the horizontal I am able to get to my phone as there is just enough sticking out. I don't like the metal clip as it is not as stiff as it could be. This however was not how I use it. With a little care, and a Dremil, the clip was easy to remove.


2576	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I checked several available products for a carrying case for my new Moto Q but felt all were lacking in some respect.  The one sold by the AT&T store was no bargain at $30 and appeared flimsy.

It was hard to find a good holster for this new thinner phone, I had to put the Velcro hooks on the back of the phone to keep it from sliding or falling out of a  sharkskin holster.
9263	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Yes, it does fit very snugly into the case - but that is about it for the good.  I also got a charging pod for the phone, but no cutouts in the case for that - pain #1.  There is no easy way to get the case off if you need to do the occasional "pull the battery" - first time dropping was trying to get the case off, pain #2.  When it dropped (see #2), the case popped right off and now there is a scratch on the corner of the phone...too snug to pull off but easily falls off when it hits just right...#3.  Typically when you holster a phone, there is a magnet that puts the phone into the "holstered" mode, no such thing here - #4.  When I read the description, it appeared as though you could easily remove the wheel that goes into the belt clip...not so, only a screw driver and pulling off the sticky pad will allow you to actually convert from belt to pocket (unless you don't mind the star thing jabbing you) - #5.  You have to really push hard on the release mechanism...to the point that you knock it off your belt (or miss the call being gentle) - #6...and it goes on.  At least I got a car charger out of the packaged deal - the case isn't worth the time or shipping.

1289	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I swapped out a Jabra BT250V for this (see review).  The Moto is a heck of a lot better - sound quality pretty good on the calls, functions with the Moto E815 no problem - voice dialing works without a hitch, volume on the phone controls headset volume, redial function, etc.  The moto is kind of clunky feeling - you know you're wearing it but not that uncomfortable.  Just a big plastic thing hanging off the top of your ear rather than the "in the ear" school of thought.  I love my Jabra wired headset - don't know why the BT was so horrible.  Works fine in the car as long as the windows are rolled up - affected by wind noise, high background volume, etc.  But that's to be expected.  Can't comment on battery life - haven't had to charge it again yet.  Folding boom switch is great.  I turn auto answer off and just fold out the boom to turn on the headset as needed.  Overall - the range and sound quality are very acceptable.
It works well, I can run GPS, phone, and radar at the same time.

However,I am extremely pleased with this item. I feel this item lives up to its expectations.
4725	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I consider myself a pretty tech savvy person, so I will admit that using the headset is extremely simple and should be for even novices. I don't have the  problems that most people have with the earbuds or earhooks. Most complaints are because the earhooks break. If you read the directions, it is very easy to use and they shouldn't break. There are standard and long earhooks for left and right ears. If you use the left earhook in your right ear, it will probably break because it is not contoured to fit that particular ear. The earbuds, however, are a different story. It took some testing to find the one that is most comfortable, but is very simple, again, if you read the instructions. Pairing and connectivity are incredibly simple. The only reason I gave the product a 4-star rating instead of 5 is because I have the phone (Samsung U740) in my left pocket almost all of the time and wear the headset in my right ear. The earpiece looses connection a lot and is aggravating. The simple solution would be to relocate the phone, which I do, but I would have thought the signal would be stronger. If there aren't any obstructions, I can talk on the headset 20ft away from the phone before I get a little static. Very good product and I would recommend it to anyone.
Overall, a good solid performer.  I haven't experienced any of the issues the negative reviews stated, and am very happy with the phone.



2) The screen of the phone is a bit recessed which is good for protecting it in case of a fall, but it makes pressing buttons or links that are near the edges of the screen harder.
It does what it says, and it's easy to use.

3425	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This case is absolutely useless! It is clearly molded incorrectly and probably a factory second to the good versions sold elsewhere. It doesnt fit my phone and very poorly made. I found myself buying an Otterbox from Best Buy today. I wish I would've started there first. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this case.
5239	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I have had one of these for several years and it's been great so I wanted to get one for a relative for the holidays.  I've ordered twice and both times they've come broken or missing parts (like the dividers!).  I guess the quality isn't what it used to be.  If you can get a good one, these are great but I have yet to have success. Thankfully, Amazon is great about returns on damaged products.
1951	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought a blue headset for my Sony Ericsson Z520a, and I returned it because it was such a poor quality product. It would be full of static if I had it in my left pocket and on my right ear. I would lose the bluetooth signal walking 15 feet from my phone in the bedroom to my sink in the bathroom. There is not even a wall in the way, I could see my phone! It picks up every little sound in the area.  Walking home from work, my girl could hear the little crickets in the field, and a train a mile away sounded like it was right next to me. When a car would pass by, it was so loud that it actually hurt her ear. A slight wind made such a noise on her end that it 'sounded like I was in a hurricane.' So Cardo's claims about wind noise reduction and traffic noise has not been proven true to me. I returned the unit to Amazon, and was sent a black one as a replacement, and it is doing the same things. As far as the comfort goes, I found that once I bent the ear piece, it was really comfortable. In conclusion, this is a cheap headset, and you get what you pay for.
This battery would suit well people that want a sleek looking good feeling battery they can show off and/or want a laser pointer built in.  It is also good for most people if the price is competitive with other similar batteries.
8799	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good backup charger so far.

457	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's super handy to have my phone right on my side, and the mechanism for keeping it on and easily taking it off is superb. The sticky pads don't hold it on very tight, a slight bump and it falls off. Nothing a little super glue can't fix though.
I have found wilson to be a quality brand that stands the test of time and recommend them to friends who live way out there.
I purchased this to replace the previous case I lost, merely looking for something better.

reads the manual, no one would know how to do it.
This device is quite compact and can be worn around the neck or clipped to your clothing (it comes with a lanyard and a clip, both of which are removable). It also allows you to connect any pair of standard headphones, although the included earbuds are adequate for my needs.

I was a little disappointed to see that it lacks the necessary lightning grounding for a true roof mounting. Having a metal exterior on my home, I'm wary of mounting this on the roof without proper protection.

If you ask me, this phone is a good buy. It's thin and it beats paying $80+ for the cheapest t-mobile phone.

-Switching on the flashlight vs. the laser isn't the most intuitive.

On a side note, I also like the light and laser that are included. Just fun
* 3.5mm headset jack, infrared port w/send/receive utility, FM tuner.

the cam is kinda slow but takes amazing pics, videos are great also
That is about it.  Most of the rest is great. I moved my Nextel data over by exporting the data from the Nextel site, and, in openoffice, I rearranged the column names to match what would have been exported from Outlook Express, and then imported.  Oh, yes, I also built names with a formula. Saved it as a comma file, just like Outlook had, and, poof, in about a minute, a couple hundred phone numbers, addresses, and names migrated and merged and appeared on my phone.  I could have mailed vcfs for the 70-80 contacts that I was using, but that didn't work.
1368	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this item a while back, but I remember that it was great item.  I would definitely recommend it.

Overall, I still prefer it to an earbud or other wearable bluetooth device, but I hope that Jabra updates and adresses these issues in the next model.
4517	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Plantronics Voyager 855 is the best gadget I own.
USB charges my Samsung Galaxy S3


From what i know, phone numbers have to be saved to the sim since this phone doesn't have any memory. only one number can be saved per name. it started on vibrate but after toying with it, i managed to change the ringtone.
Go for it !!
As belt clip rotates can install upside down and phone falls out.
- Forget about multi-tasking.
6299	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I never run out of juice with this external battery.
What we found is the coverage for both units is the same, one room. The number of coverage bars and dBm's were also the same, but for some reason the Wilson Electronics unit achieved higher data rates using Speedtest.
The unit works fine, I hear the callers, the callers seem fine with it, of course technologically it is a "marvel"; tho easier to get on, thinner, and less glitzy would be my wishes.
* Lifeless unrealistic sound. There's too much bass, too little kids, and the high's are abhorrent-- they sounds like you're in a cave. You can heard a lot of quantization errors in the signal, it would not surprise me to learn the signal is being decimated or the digital filters are designed incorrectly or absent. It sounds a lot like my first CD plated in the last 80s.
7548	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	and start coming apart
Forget about the gimmicky mp4 video or mp3 playback feature. You will NEVER use this (or even figure out how to get it to work). The phone has 5 MB total memory.. the average MP3 is 4-5 megs. The phone has no additional storage options. You do the math here.
3451	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice still use it today, my 4 year old grandson uses the "big phone" tablet and hasn't been able to damage it yet.  Love it.
The design of the S series is intended to cling to your neck, drill down into your ears, and stay there no matter what. As an added benefit, the body of the headset stays off your head, away from sweat and not tangling in your hair like over-the-head headphones do.
When I got up in the middle of the night I took the battery with me and used it's flashlight to go down the stairs.  The light worked.
1088	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Worked as expected. Nothing fancy.

6671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	When you buy this item are you REALLY expecting to first figure out where the nearest cell phone tower is to your house and in exactly which direction?  Then are you REALLY planning on climbing up on your roof to erect a pole so that this thing can point directly at that cell phone tower?  No, like me you're thinking you can stick this to the window and it will increase your reception.  Well it won't. So my suggestion is don't buy it; you just end up returning it the way I did.
the LED light doesn't come on until you are charging your device, phone, etc with the iTorch, but this is to save the battery and since it is a charging device, that is actually a PRO!
 Aside from its primary function, the IMP52D features a built-in LED flashlight that I found to be very useful, whether I use it for snooping around inside of computers or finding my way to the back door when I come home too late. There's also a built-in laser pointer. Since my days of corporate presentations are now in the past, I find this feature most useful for getting my cat's attention and keeping us both entertained for hours.
Nice try Nokia, but this phone is not up to your usual standards and you never should have released it.
I installed this on my 4 or 5 year old 5th gen iPod. There are no instructions included with the screen. I used a YouYube video from "iPodRepairSquad" to guide me through the installation. All the videos I saw on YouTube lacked a sharp capture and consistently good  camera angles, but this one was very helpful.
All in all I think you would be hard pressed to find a better headset at this (or any price).  The performance is top notch and so are the features.  You will not be dissapointed.
Samsung Galaxy S3
Anyway, I wanted to protect my replacement Curve, so I researched HD protective cases, and settled on the OtterBox in basic black (no Bumble-Bee look for me, thanks.) I bought one at a GREAT price on Amazon, and received it about a week later.

6661	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This booster works well but the range is so limiting that I wish I bought a more powerful unit with a bigger range.  It still works - I just have to be right next to the antenna when making a call.  And I mean right next to the antenna.  Overall, pretty happy with the purchase.
Life for the past several years has me on the go daily.  It seems that Im always on the edge of no power with my Apple iPhone 5 battery.  I had just sent back the second bad external battery from a big external battery company called Anker and decided to go small.
6766	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	New old stock (circa 2015) but not too old ... works fine ... cheap price ... package says made in USA ...
6968	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	thanks
I also love the added laser pointer. I'm not one to use a laser pointer often, but I have needed one on a few occasions and having this ability straight from this device really works well in a jam.
8518	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This is a defective design -- I've gone through many of these, all with the same failure -- the metal tip bends inside the plastic boot at about a 30 degree angle.  This happens during normal use -- plugged into my phone in my car sitting still.
2730	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Adds protection, and grip to your Windows phone. Fits like a glove, and looks great. I really like this case because it doesn't add any bulk to the phone. Easy slip in and out of your pocket also. Ordered another one for my new phone I'm getting next week. A LG Optimus G Pro.
4076	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love it
397	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The blue and gray combination with the stylish design on the case are a great fit for my galaxy sii!

Assume it works fine for the right phone!
5052	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered 2 of this item and 2 of the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/black-ones/dp/B000WKS8QG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">black ones</a>&nbsp;from 4 different sellers after reading very mixed reviews on both items.  I needed the adapter pictured on both with the very short plastic head between the male plug and the cord.  None of the 4 I received were the same as the item pictured. My reason for needing this is not the iPhone. It is to fit inside a tight spot on the back of a Makita job site radio.
2748	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit
5966	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It was great, but now it doesn't retain juice. don't waste your money, get the anker astro 10000 mAh instead.
7387	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This cover fits perfectly and protects as well as any other silicon case. I would recommend it to anyone with a second gen pearl.
I finally got around the earloop pain by bending a paper clip around my ear and using that for a loop.  I do intend to buy a different ear gel bud because Aliph's just hurts my ear.
So I started to hunt down external batteries - especially for those long flights when I was in the middle of an audio book or new series of TV shows and blimmpppp there goes the battery. The first one I tried cost me $80 and never got to a full charge on the Iphone, only giving me an additional 3 hours of battery- big whoop - I still couldn't make it overseas. I tried another that promised 20 hours but it actually drained the Iphone!!! So imagine my surprise to find this Tecyer that cost half the price and charges like a champ! It is a fast charge too. I can't say how long it lasts but I have gone past 25 hours using video and audio and it hasn't run out. It got me back and forth across the country, over to Germany and France and now I plan to take it to South America. I highly recommend this unit. It is slightly smaller than the Iphone and lighter, and because it doesn't connect directly onto the Iphone but through a cord I can keep the phone in its case.
3538	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. I love it. 100% recommended.
1874	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought the phone Aug of 2005. (...)The phone is OK, works alright, battery life is a little short, verizon has decent service except that they don't give you local number by defaut, imaging someone would get a phone that everybody in town would have to call long distance to reach you? That's what they believe.
 * After about 6 hours, blue lights 2 & 3 are continuously lit - light 4 is blinking on & off -
9279	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This product fell apart within one month of limited use. The stitches tore out and this product was useless in a very short time. If this is to be used to hold your phone on the car sun visor, I think this would be a great product to purchase.
Thanks again


9532	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We installed this unit in a house in Waterloo, Iowa where the signal was weak and found immediate improvement. Installation was a snap.
8969	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	New Trent really made my life alot easier! I carry the iTorch with me EVERYWHERE! All the time! It's small enough to fit in my pocket and it really makes my life easier! It has a built in red laser and a led white flashlight built in. I play with those but haven't "used" them yet. The charger keeps my phone or tablet charged all day long for a few days! I never have to worry about finding a place to charge my phone, it's always charged. My car cigarette lighter plugs are in use for a flashlight and my gps and my kids stuff and I always need a place to plug my phone into... not anymore! I never have to worry about a low battery with this charger! When I have my Tablet and Phone or if my husband is with me I use the bigger New Trent iCarrier 12000mAh Dual USB Ports External Battery Pack. It has 2 charging ports so we are both charged at all times! We go to breakfast every weekend - our "get away" from the kids... "OUR" time! I never have to worry about running out of battery ever again! 10 stars at the very least! For both of these products!
7414	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I actually bought this case for a samsung vibrant, the case needs the little bumpers in the lining cut out to fit my phone, which is a little bigger than an Iphone, but it works once the interior is modified. Big for everyday use, it is none the less bomb proof for those field ops. I wish they'd make one for the vibrant specifically and a little thinner to boot. I would use it every day then.

2681	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We got this for my son to use on his job as he drives all day long. He uses it for keeping in contact while on the road and the hands free operation is the only way to go. The Bluetooth syncing and operation is very easy to set up and the connection is good. The battery also has a good life and he needs it as some days are long ones for him.
9448	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really works well.
SE: 9/10 Shine: 6/10



3939	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The headset was purchased to pair with the new Storm, it was terrible, muffled on the called side and sounded like a tunnel on the caller side.  Tried several different phones, landline, other cell out of area codes and even international, same result.  So if your pairing it with the Blackberry Storm don't bother.
7761	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had several, this is the best. Good seller, great device, easy to set up and use.
It's a piece of cake to set up.  It's very comfortable.  I think it looks cooler than those other ones that look humongous in your ear.  So far, no one is able to tell when I'm using it or when I'm talking into the phone.
N95 had a lot of bugs and very annoying lags in the camera when shooting (see my n95 review). Worst was a few seconds (literally) from the moment the shutter was pressed to the moment the picture was taken, processed and have the camera ready for the next one. An absolute no go... Slider is so flimsy on the N95 that I was really afraid the screen part is going to crack and dislocate.
7683	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Its functional, wireless works well, and phone layout is good. It looks cheap.
1966	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good item
2566	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case is a little thicker than my old TPU slim case but I expected that and really like the firmness of the material used.  No gaps or flimsy rubber on this.  This is my everyday case now.  Fit and finish as great and feels good in the hand.
7148	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this item because it works.  The LG Rumor instructions insisted that I buy this for downloading but I didn't need it.
-*Difficult/can't use own pictures (from SD card) as the background/screen-saver.. I still can't figure it out.
7483	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I'm not the guy who is looking for the super-fancy,  multi-function iPhone type of handset.  I just needed something with simple web browsing ability and all the basic functions of a cell phone.  I don't like flips or sliders or any of those mechanical lever type phones, I only like these candybar type phones so my options are kind of limited.  This phones meets and exceeds my expectations as far as features go.  Came with a 2GB chip which I found impressive.  The phone works well, reception is good, bluetooth works perfectly with my blueant, web browsing is fast as heck for a little phone not really designed for it.  Overall, I'm very happy with the phone.  The only down side for me is that the buttons are a little small and not separated enough so I often push the wrong buttons when texting.  The reason I'm giving this 4 stars instead of five is because some of the menu systems are a little funky and go against logic.  I get frustrated with it a little too often, but overall, the phone is great.  It's SUPER thin, sometimes I can't find it in my pocket which is just how I like it.  It's actually a powerful little phone for the money, I definitely recommend it.
 Java MIDP 2.0
- Both phones can [be modified to] receive games and , but with the SE, you have more options.
-Tested 2.5 full charges on my iPhone 5...so right in line with expectations.
After getting an e-mail from Nokia saying that I would need to bring it into a Nokia center to have my phone evaluated, I decided I would rather exchange it for a new one since it was still brand new.  Hopefully it was a problem with Quality Control and the new N95 8gb I get will be working.
9784	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No problem so far.
is very handy during presentations or product demonstrations. I thought
Other than that I is a great and reasonable price for insurance for a phone that cost almost $300.
3777	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	If mounted anywhere near your radio, which is often the case, it will completely kill your reception, FM or AM.  Even with nothing plugged into it.  Makes this worthless to me.  Avoid.
 Integrated VGA camera with 4x zoom
Pros:

Nice screen
This was the first one I found to work without color or sync issues.
I might order another for myself if my plantronics gives up the ghost.
The headset is, for me, very comfortable to wear. Not the smallest bt headset, but not the largest either (I returned the Plantronics Voyager 510, which made me feel quite like a cyborg... no WAY I could leave the house with that attached to the side of my face. I returned it within two hours of taking it home!). I've worn it for several hours, and forget that I have it on.
RF is fine

Text messaging is good though, because of the predictive input style. Other than the style and the input system, I don't have much to say here. The internal memory is shockingly limited. If I recieve more than 30 messages in my INBOX, the phone starts giving me a memory full warning. And you can't free up space by deleting some of the ugly wallpapers and motorola animations that are included. They're locked. Additionally, because all the buttons are on 1 flat surface instead of being individual buttons like other phones, they are a little hard to push and don't give a good springy feel. (one reason, besides cost, that I don't text message at all).
3474	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	First let me say I absolutely adore this case. I got the winter white with kickstand for my white S4. This is my 4th case for my S4 but its also my best case. Absolutely gorgeous! I love the way it looks, good grip on the side, great design on the back partially see through white & fits quite nicely on the phone. Durable enough for me. If you are looking for a low price high quality plastic case. Look no further this is the one. Highly recommended.
-It serves its main purpose as a extra battery pack perfectly.
It's a good phone if you want an all-in-one phone. I am really looking forward to N97 being released later next year, as I will most likely upgrade to it as soon as it becomes available. I will recommend this phone, but be aware that it can be slow to move through menus sometimes!
I find it pratically unusable for voice dialing while driving.
8550	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The igo products are very reasonably priced and versatile. Once you have the base charger all you have to do is replace the tip for your particular needs.

9554	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We were lucky enough to have a tall pole in our yard to mount this on. I think it's going to work out fine.
This phone is a great way to feel like you've got tons of money, because it's basically just a "baby" version of the v400 (which retails for about $150 more usually).  It's a good buy, and on Amazon right now with their rebate, you actually get money BACK for buying the phone!

2. The earpieces are prone to fall out and don't stay secured after about 6 months.
3797	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This works and it comes with the hardware to mount it somewhere so it won't slide around. As an extension and socket splitter it is OK.

- fit - fair to good using factory loops and inserts.  I followed the advise of several others and purchased a set of Jabra eargels. Jabra earboom is my favorite headset of all time from a comfort and ability to hear point of view.  Using the jabra eargel with the jawbone wasn't quite as comfortable because the jawbone is bulky, but I would have to rate it as very good. I am using it without the jawbone earloop.  I have large ears and use the largest eargel, so that probably helps my success.  Eargels are available at some radio shack stores.  They sell a package of three sizes, both left and right (6 total)for $4.95.

So what's not perfect? The sound quality isn't quite there. I pick up some static between the device and my Treo and it gets worse when the phone is on the other side of my body or when I move more than five feet away. It's not horrible, but it's there in my setup. Again, your mileage may vary.
4809	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Bought it used to charge a battery for my chocolate phone to get pictures. Its an okay used phone. Received it sooner than anticipated. No complaints.



9556	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this Cell phone signal booster a couple of month back, and so far it is working great. It is compatible with older cell phones that work with 800 or 1900 mhz range. It did improve the signal inside my home that had dead spots for my cell phone. Make sure you get the right booster for your specific cell phone. Wilson Electronics also carries booster for the newer smart phones that run on 3G or 4G. Check your phone's manual or cell phone vendor for the frequency that your phone uses so you can get the right booster for your cell phone.
3710	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great and fits great for my wireless unit.  Exactly what I was looking for

Then I got another plastic case that looked more rugged but sure enough, I broke the belt clip the 3rd day I had it by bumping the phone against a table while clipped in.  Luckily the phone didn't drop because I don't know if the case would've held together if it had hit the floor.

7609	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The product was just as I had expected. I intended to buy two but there was no deal on shipping charges for buying more. I was gonna be charged the same $$ for each item even thou, I believed, they will ship in the same box. IF YOU TRAVEL INTERNATIONALLY, THIS IS A MUST GET ITEM.
Calls came in loud and clear (on T-Mobile), and the touch screen works great (with haptic feedback). The loudspeaker isn't as loud as my Motorola ROKR E6's, but it's good enough.
I have had this for a few years now-  and it will STILL fully charge my iPhone several times before it needs to be recharged itself.
Spring 2007 and this item stopped working.  I'm irritated that it didn't last longer.


731	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	STAY AWAY Update 4/2018. I didn't think it possible, but science has increased to the point where, well we split atoms? Right? Well now they've managed to SPLIT THE LEATHER ATOM. Now for a mere 32 dollars you can own you very own ONE MOLECULE THICK LEATHER FANNYPACK. Please don't place anything in the pack that might be pointy or hard, say a tissue or piece of paper, it will rapidly tear through the one molecule of leather this junk bag is made of. The seller won't even stand behind this product, told me to contact the manufacturer, yeah good luck with that, like they might care about a single buyer, HA HA HA. So sorry to tell you, the old one I have from about 8 years ago, that was great, this current paper thin one, absolute waste of money. Please look elsewhere. I think I'm going to bite the bullet and have one custom made with real leather, not the "black leather paper" this one is made from
The camera, buttons, and everything else is receded a little into the phone, which makes damage in case of a fall very unlikely. Most of the back is transparent to display the apple logo and phone information. The only problem that I've ever had is that because of the design when flipping the silent switch on, it takes a bit of effort to flip it back without long nails to pry it from it's place, but this is the only fault I could find and is barely worth mentioning.
Looks and Quality - I charged the iTorch for it's first use via my PC Desktop USB. It took a couple hours to fully charge. The blue indicator lights will blink while charging and finally go solid once it's ready. The unit itself has a very nice feel and is very light in weight. The rounded edges and chrome trim give it a more upscale feel. The front of the device sports the New Trent logo, The single function/power button and 4 small blue LED lights for indicators. The leading sides and bottom are blank and the top houses a Single USB and One Micro USB (For Charging) and to each side houses the Red LED pointer and LED White light. The rear of the device shows New Trent Information and Capacity information including Input/Output voltage information along with your standard FCC Markings. This is really the perfect size for a person on the go who just needs to push their cell phone or device a little further for the day. At 5200 mAh this is enough to keep you going through your work day easily and the added pointer and led light can come in handy too especially in an office environment I would have no problems keeping this unit in my pocket or at my desk for when it's needed.  I own several of the larger New Trent batteries which have more weight and size to them. This one really is the perfect size for the office professional.
5163	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this product based upon the excellent reviews it received.  Unfortunately, in the real world its just not even close to what you would expect.  The volume is just too low, even when set to max.  I could not even tell when people answered the phone.  If I had to do it over again I would get one of those units that work through the car speekers.
4527	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It was probably right there in the manual all along...this thing is about the equivalent of a bluetooth earpiece except that it stops the music...if you have a friend that has a stereo that imports the contact list, dials from the screen, etc. They do not have a NX409 or NZ409...the screen doesn't even know the phone is there until a call comes through. Don't even think about the possibility of putting your phone away and seeing the name come up on the screen.
So I bought another pair, and I'm okay with that, because I LOVE THESE THINGS! $30 a year for exactly what I want in headphones is fine with me!
4887	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've gone through just about all the different headsets, and I've finally found the H710 the best!  I nicknamed it the 'beetle' since it reminds me of a beetle when you fold it up.  What I like about it: I can wear it for hours and never get a sore ear or worry about it falling off. The Jawbone, BlueAnt and Plantronics Voyager 510 hurt my ear. Plus, each of those units had different issues that either didn't connect properly, stay connected, or were difficult to utilize.
1855	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love it!

6568	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use AT&T Cellular in the mountains of Southwestern Virginia.  The signal is spotty in many areas of the county/town.  I had to jump at the chance of trying this particular device for my iPhone 5.
9409	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Does its job and boots signal. Gets pretty hot though.


7882	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered 2 adapters a month ago from this seller and they still work well. They arrived quickly, too.  I would definitely buy from this seller again.
On the positive side, MP3 playback through the Sync speakers sounds surprisingly good. The signal strength is usually very good, a pleasant step up from older Samsung designs, as good or better than Nokias, a big achievement for Samsung. Call quality and speakerphone performance is also very good. Camera takes good pics, but only has a 2X zoom on 1.3 MP and no zoom at all on the 2.0 MP setting. Samsung has much better camera features on some of its other models. The phone does look nice and it is pretty durable and well-built.

9860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I was really excited to get this, but extremely disappointed upon receiving it. The part that holds the iPhone is great, but the suction cup and "arm" are terrible to deal with. The way it's designed, the arm doesn't tilt enough to make the iPhone straight up and down. There's a very small amount that you can adjust the angle of the arm, then you have to tighten four total rings to stick it in place. Then it's still not straight, even with the extra extension arm which looks weird and ugly, and now you have a long bulky ugly arm coming from your windshield. Why couldn't they just take a note from GPS mounts?
5709	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Greatttttt

While it did not come with a wall adapter, the iCarrier that I bought at the same time did and it is interchangeable, otherwise you can use your device charger and its USB cable. The product is simple and easy to use, no need to pack an instruction book, which is a bonus when you want to travel light. The added flashlight and laser pointer are just icing on the cake. I can't wait to take this and the  iCarrier IMP120D - (12000mAh) charger for a week long summer camp. I'm sure I will be supplying energy for my entire troop.

The not so good: The iTap text entry is slow and not as good as the old version, whatever that was called. I guess I'll eventually get used to iTap, but the old predictive text had some advantages.

9570	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am out in the woods.  Only service is through Verizon and just barely.  The closest cell tower is 10 miles away through a forest and mountains.  This product doubled my signal and with a beam antenna, it doubled the signal again.  So now I can access the Internet through WiFi and receive cell calls inside my home.  Now more standing in the snow on my porch trying to cell signal.  Thanks Wilson and Amazon.

The third and final flaw is the USB plug in. I don't know if my charger is the only one with this problem but every time I'm charging my phone and I move the charger too fast it stop charging. When this happens, the all too familiar ritual of bending and twisting the chord comes into place. I thought this was only my iPhone chord but after I tried it with the chord it came with, it did the same thing. I don't know how many of you will take this little thing into consideration but think of it this way: the last thing you need is to be checking up on your phone to make sure it's charging every ten seconds.
1941	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I have been very dissatisfied with this headset, first of all, the battery life is terrible. I can't use it for a long time at once, after about 30 mins, I get a "weak signal" alert on my phone. The audio quality is also bad as I have to keep telling the other persons to repeat themselves, and they can't hear me clearly either. Overall, I wish I could return this product, and would definitely recommend against buying it.
3415	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	One of the most important pieces of information when your buying a cable is the LENGTH!!! Hello handhelditems and/or Amazon. List the length! Now I have to buy another dang cable because not only was the length not listed I was in to much of hurry to buy a DIFFERENT cable! Had I not been in a hurry I would not have bought it. There is no length listed!!
  1.  Button is too easy to press.  Occasionally I look in the pouch and the Laser pointer is on by accident.

4587	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought the Motorola H681 to replace a plantronics Bluetooth that I lost. I was comfortable in purchasing this item because my aunt has the same Motorola bluetooth as well and she uses it all the time! It feels very comfortable in your ear and the battery life is superb! You can hear people very clear when having conversations and the pairing to your device is very simple. The one thing you might have to do is change the rubber ear piece, it comes with an additional ear piece that makes it comfortably fit in your ear. The one that they have on there when you take the bluetooth out of the box didn't fit well in my ear and my bluetooth kept falling off of my ear, but once I changed it I have had no problems. I would highly suggest this Motorola H681 to anyone! It was a great purchase with a great price.

I think most people would enjoy this phone.  It does not sync with a Mac, by the way, unless you buy 3rd party software.  Aside from that, it's a winner for me.
- Can take and play video
6427	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a good charger for my phone and I found one. I looked in stores but could not find it. But I found it on Amazon! Overall it is a good charger.
Pros:
But here's the thing: This product has shown me that my Blackberry screen is not perfectly flat. Run your fingers over your 8310 and if you have the same model as me, you'll see what I mean - the black area with the "BlackBerry" logo is gently rounded into a "bump" shape.
Verdict:  THIS PHONE ROCKS, and it's so damn cute!
4194	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because I have two loud cars and people have a hard time hearing me when I use my cell phone in the car.  The noise cancelation is excellent.  My Dad couldn't tell I was driving when I called him using the jawbone.  On the other hand, I find the volume a bit low and sometimes have trouble hearing the other party.  I also spent a good bit of time bending and adjusting the earpiece to fit comfortably.  Overall I am pleased but wish it were louder.
6005	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased the iTorch and I LOVE it.. it works perfect and it is small and compact, comes with a nice carrying pouch.  Universal so I can use with my I4 and I5 phones.  Love the light, that really helps at night when coming home late. So far nothing I don't like


I like to track my bike rides with my phone's GPS (via a cycling app such as trackmyride or runtastic cycling), but keeping the phone active for the whole ride drains the battery quickly. Without even having the screen on I could kill the built in phone battery in 4 hours. With the New Trent iTorch I can ride 4+ hours with the screen on (having a map visible and my current pace/heart rate available is amazing). After 65+ miles and 4+ hours I had 100% battery on the phone and 1 of 4 "status lights" left on the battery.
8940	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product had many more positive reviews than negative but, nevertheless, the majority of the handful of negative reviews cited the same problem and this gave me casue for pause.  Noteably, most reviews that got a DOA product indicated that the seller replaced the DOA.
2)  My Motorola V551 keeps disconnecting from it.  I don't know if that is a compatibility issue or a problem with my phone, but the real problem is this:  The headset does not notify you of the disconnection.  It only beeps once you (re)connect.
5. It practices serial monogamy. It can pair with one device at a time, and the same single button that hangs up or answers the phone with a momentary press, and redials with a double tap, and goes into voice dial mode with a 2 second press when you start by being on hook, and switches the call to the handset with a 2 second press when you are off hook, and switches the call from the handset back to the headset with a three second press, and turns the earpiece off with a 4 second press, with an even longer press, goes into discovery mode (for about 120 seconds).  When you read about how many things the single button can do with different length presses, you might begin to wonder, "will I accidentally turn off the headset trying to voice dial?"
6672	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had a professional install it since I didn't have the time myself to climb up the ladder, screw in the mount, staple down the cable, drill a hole, and mount a plate on the inside. It took the professional (an electrician) ~1 hour to install.

665	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like the large size
Other than that its great, small footprint, pretty minimalist when the phone is resting on it.


3687	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Omg I loved this product. It worked like magic. Just be sure the spot is not moist and it was perfect. Didn't come out either once I did it right lol.

Update 5/5: I am inclined to take the "many little annoyances" back. I have learned to live with them. I love this phone. I am even getting better with the keyboard and learned to use T9, which makes a big difference.
One last test.  I also own Slingbox for Palm and I tested the Plantronics and my iLUV headsets and once again, the Plantronics struggled to work using the lowest settins while my iLUV headsets worked perfect.
3288	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	One of the best cases I've ever bought for a phone. Very snug fit,w/o any pull-away around the cutouts for the I-R Blaster/3.5mm audio jack/USB port. The volume rocker is covered & actually functions better than w/o a case.

9283	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product works as advertised.  It is very sturdy, looks good and seems to protect my phone.  Thats what truly matters so I am good with it.

The local store was charging $299 for the kit, so we promptly returned it the next day, and will spend just a little more right here on Amazon and get a much better kit with a wideband antenna mounted outside on the roof, and better booster for inside the house. It was nice to figure out the Wilson kits will work for us though.
7921	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	WORKED FOR MY NEEDS - I HAVE LIFETOUCH CASE AND NEEDED TO GET A THIN MALE CONNECTOR TO GET INTO THE SMALL OPENING OF THE CASE.  I STILL HAD TO SHAVE SOME OF THE WHITE AREA OFF THE SURROUNDING PLUG.

Date Book Alert is not very loud.

2018	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I previously owned an H300 and was impressed with the quality for the price.  When I lost the H300 I decided to try the H700.  I was most interested in the improved sound quality and the fit around the ear.  In those two areas the H700 is definitely an improvement over the H300.  I did not use the voice activated commands, so I cannot speak to that, but I do see where that could be useful.

The strap seems to be slightly better than a common thread.  The circular ring at the end is very small and has no overlap, making it somewhat unreliable for holding things.

7332	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It was a poorly refurbished phone. I had to go into the battery panel and finish pushing down the stikers so i could fir the simscard and battery in and close it. The screen was a poor quality. Ant it was scrached. I returned it. It wasn't at all the razor i remeber having before.
4059	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I thought this would work with micro usb, but the photo is of a mini usb. And the carton says to go to a website that is now offline. I say return it even if you destroy the package. They make the package impossible to open so it will determine you from returning it. I say send it back in pieces.
686	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was very pleased with this product.  It works as advertised and holds my iPhone on my center console without slipping at all.  It also sticks to the center console very well.  I would highly recommend this product.
1391	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am not sure how to review this. I wasn't sure what to expect. I had no problems with this Sim Card. It was very easy to pop out of the card and install in my phone. I just had to call my provider with the updated sim information!
7453	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Upgraded three cellphones and this allows us to charge them from our computers as well as transfer music, photos and contacts.  I had cancelled an order from another vendor because it never arrived but this vendor was great


8731	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	ask for more money for express shipping and it takes longer than regular mail.  It took almost two weeks to receive item.  I wrote to seller and seller never contacted me.


-Palm OS is old and lacks many newer "bells and whistles" of competitors
3531	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GOOD BUT RETURNED CASE WRONGE PHONE
9975	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	They sent the wrong battery for the suggested phone. However they are working on sending the correct battery for the phone.
A must buy for the price.
I spent weeks trying to find a 2nd gen charger without having to pay full price ($20-30). The problem was that a lot of reviews for the cheaper versions made it seem like it wouldn't work or would quickly break.

6143	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this item to use while on travel to Israel for two primary reasons.  First, since I was on a formal tour, we would be out of range of electric outlets from 8-9 hours every day.  With this item, I did not have to worry about my iPhone (used for taking pictures and email) running out of juice.  The second reason was that some electronics can be a bit temperamental when charging them in other countries and can be easily fried/damaged.  With this item (I have 2 of these devices), I would charge this item via the local outlet then use it to charge my other devices.  If this device was fried, it was relatively inexpensive when compared with the cost of an iPhone. Fortunately, this charger worked flawlessly.  In terms of size, while I generally carried it in my backpack, it was small/light enough to carry in the leg pocket of my cargo pants.  Nice!  This product is dual voltage so no transformer is required when traveling to Israel; only adapters. This product recharged within a reasonable amount of time and subsequently charged my electronics (iPhone, Blackberry, iPod Nano) fairly quickly.  The only annoying feature was the method by which the flashlight and laser pointer are turned on/off (X number of clicks to turn on and another X number of clicks to turn off).  But, certainly tolerable and not a deal breaker. Overall, this item is well worth the investment.
Overall I'm happy with the results and if you're comparing the price of the booster to the price of adding a land line for a year or more, its almost certainly a good bargain and at least worth trying out.
7329	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought 4 phones.
Tough as they get.
Now I don't know much about SIM cards.  I wanted to store my contacts on the SIM card to be able to move it to another phone easily, but it only allows me to store one phone number for each person.  I have multiple numbers for my contacts.  I ended up storing them in my phone's memory.  Since my first phone was defective, I copied my contact to the SIM card.  Since the SIM card only allows one number per contact, it split up all my contacts, renaming them sequentially.

the LED light doesn't come on until you are charging your device, phone, etc with the iTorch, but this is to save the battery and since it is a charging device, that is actually a PRO!


Please read***

The Motorola is the headset I wish I'd bought the 1st time around. It is suprisingly comfortable, and doesn't take long to forget you're wearing it. There is no intrusion into the ear canal, allowing full air circulation and unhampered hearing of your surroundings. The earhook is slim and does not interfere with wearing sunglasses, which is something I can't say about the Plantronics 510.

Screen gets oily from normal use and must be wiped off frequently.
6754	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described perfect!
6280	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've only had the IMP500 a few weeks but am very pleased with the results thus far.
+Plenty of charging power for repeated full charging of smaller devices (blackberry, droid, iphone, bluetooth headsets).
961	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	SPOILER ALERT: this is a stupidly long review. I like to provide as much detail as possible when I write a review, because thats the sort of thing I look for in other reviews. Buying things from online retailers is great and all, but it prevents us from getting any hands-on information until weve already shelled out our money. Detailed reviews are the best way to combat disappointment and buyers remorse. So either get some popcorn and/or a coffee, or skip to the end, or skip this review entirely   Seriously though, its a long review. Prepare yourself.

Two criticisms - First - even though there are included a variety of changeable foam ear pads or plastic ear inserts, and I wear glasses, none of them feel like they fit securely in my ear.  However, I have yet to have the earpiece fall off so I may just need to get used to it.
The background noise reduction works very well, I had my dad tell me that I my voice sounded somewhat tinny (like tin can), but i turned the noise reduction off and he said it made a huge difference and would much rather have the voice sound a little off than have all the background noise.
644	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this case for a tungsten E2. When I hold the case upside down, my Palm slides out.
4263	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what it says it will. Even connects to two phones at the same time which is a great feature.
-very secure and stable fit on your ear, one of the best around
The ugly: The clear cover is sewn on AND attached with some sort of sealing glue.  The glue softens and starts to cover your cell phone in slime.

7346	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was very happy with the quick delivery and the product. However; approximately 1.5 weeks later the phone was defective and not working. This is the reason why I gave the product a low rating.

Stays connected with Razer. Others don't.
Overall a great device, that I've long wished for without even realizing these products existed. Now that I have experienced being unfettered by wall chargers I can't imagine going back to having to stand by a power outlet for hours on the phone.
246	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this case for my mother's phone so that 1: it would protect her phone, and 2 so she wouldn't run out of power during her day of playing games (LOL).  It charges quickly. It uses the same cable as her phone (vs a micro cable that other battery cases use) so she doesn't need to carry another cable with her.  It is also relatively sturdy.  She has succeeded in breaking the bits of plastic around the buttons though, but this does not affect the phone or its ability to keep her phone unbroken.  She loves the case.  It also doesn't add any real weight to the phone.  I like that it has a built in additional USB outlet in case you need to charge something else.


2657	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had no problem using in Greece, Germany, France, Spain and Switzerland
6517	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I waited until using this a few months to make a review. I am overall very pleased. It has increased our signal significantly. Although We do not have a lot of trees and probably have a pretty clear shot to the tower. I don't know how much of a difference that makes. We also bought the cheaper version of this because we where not sure it if would work and are very happy. but if the weather is bad or it is real windy it does not work well.
3344	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised with no issues
3142	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	PRODUCT PRESENTATION - MAIL ACCURACY - WHAT YOU SEE IS WHAT YOU GET. REMEMBER THERE WILL ALWAYS BE ERRORS. YOU CAN NOT ELIMINATE HUMAN OR HARDWARE PROBLEMS. YES SHOPPING ON LINE CAN BE A RISK NOT WELCOME. HOWEVER COMPANY'S THAT USE THE WEB FOR PRODUCT SELLING ARE EVERYDAY BEING ADVISED BY THERE TECHNICAL SOFTWARE PERSON OF THE NEED TO KEEP UP WITH THINGS LIKE FIREWALL, VIRUS, IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM IF THEY WANT A GOOD HARD SELLER. THAT PAYS BACK WHAT YOU INVESTED. I THANK YOU !
Disappointed and still looking for the perfect holster.
MEMORY: Comes with 2gb memory card. I added an 8gm sdhc Ultra to mine. It's fast, no delay. It can take 16gb card. 128mb RAM. Never get 'memory full' warnings. Dual ARM 11 332 MHz processor w/ 3D graphics hardware accelerator
Highly recommended!
354	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Using 2 right now.  They seem to take the most charge of any extended battery in my external charger and lasts longer.  Probably buy a 3rd soon.


My only complaint is that the case part of the item doesn't provide much protection to the screen. If would be nice if it had a bigger lip over the edge of the phone.  Size-wise it is not too much bigger than the original phone (considering that the battery is double) and I think it actually makes it easier to hold the phone.
Of the four or five phones that I have owned, this one is by far the best in all respects.  Even with these cons it is still eons ahead of other phones.
1829	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought the razr with having only looked at it online.  It looks great and has several really neat features.  But looks aren't everything!  If you don't hold the phone just right (and not where it is comfortable) you can't hear the other person at all.  Also, the buttons are flush with the phone which makes it very easy to mis-type a number or type something out of whack when sending a text.  I am not overly impressed with this phone.

2085	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I've had this phone since December 2006.  My husband got this for me because of its capability to synchronize wirelessly with our Outlook server.  I would not buy this version of the phone, if you intend to use the phone heavily.  It's so unstable.  I can get by because I'm in the office most of the time with my desktop and office phone.
4905	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!

UPDATE:  The IMP500 does not work with the iPad 2 so I am dropping to 4 stars.  I know that device isn't listed in their description but they have other products at same capacity and same output so not sure why the IMP500 wouldn't work.  Still a great product for the devices listed.
this product takes an existing cell signal and "repeats" it at another location.  For example, I get 5 bars in my attic, but only 2-3 bars in my Family room.  I placed the antenna in the attic, then ran the wire to the family room and now I get 5 bars in my family room.  Note:  The product works best when you're within 25 or so feet of the base station (transmitter).


But to be completely honest with you, after trying a number of `prettier' headsets that either break easily, lose their pairing with the phone frequently, or just plain don't work as well I am all for sacrificing form for function.
1361	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	k

9288	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the Body Glove case and it's been on my LG Voyager, along with a screen protector since day one. The case provides excellent protection; the phone will be two years old in a few months and it still looks like brand new. I'm able to charge the phone and access all of the buttons and features of the touch screen with no problems. Based on the performance of this case, I purchased the same brand for my son's LG Dare phone and have been just as satisfied. The case does make the phone a little bulkier, but it's a minor issue compared to the great protection it provides.

3683	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife and I have the same phone so we can have one of each car.  Nice product.
7032	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great build quality and materials Caution, make sure you place the belt clip in correctly or it will come loose.

- Solid battery life
3518	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I returned 2 other cases because they didn't have a built in screensaver. This one does. It still leaves camera & speakers exposed so it's not dustproof or waterproof but it does the job for me.
  a.  Quick charge of power pack
7396	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Well the first thing I noticed when I put it on, is that it is just a little too small. The lip does not quite reach the front of the blackberry and just plane wasn't cut right. The only reason why I gave it 2/5 stars is that it feels great in the hand. It does not grab as I take it out of my pocket and has a great color. My white one that I got from bestbuy is a little grabby but does not slip out of my hand and is cut MUCH better than this one. Of you have the 15$ to spend on a nicer one, do it but this is fine if you are short on cash of just don't care what it looks like.
I was concerned when I received them (plain white envelope) since the date printed on the back showed 2006, but I was told that was the patent date - not the manufacture date.  Kudos to the shipper for responding quickly.

The other good music option with great phonecall voice quality is the Motorolla S9.
This is my first New Trent product and it will certainly be one of many I'll use in the future. It is solidly built and has a study quality feel and issleekly designed and has tremendous power compared to many I've used. I have blown through many batteries this week that died before fully charging me but the only one that kept me charged and ready throughout the week was the Itorch. It had worked on my Android as well as Apple products and has clear indicator lights that let you know how much charge is left on the itorch--no wondering when it will die. The separate output Ports for both lower power devices and higher power tablets also is a great touch. This device has literally saved my lifeand allowed me to get vital information during a dangerous storm when other chargers failed me. If a backup battery is important to you buy this product and trust no other. I know I won't.
In addition, the useful distance of the small desktop antenna provided with this booster is only useful within a few feet. Ideally, it will provide signal within close proximity of your desk for a single room in your home but nowhere near what would be required to provide signal to an entire floor of your home for example. This information came from a very honest and helpful tech support person at Wilson.
1501	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this headset about a year ago and have been very pleased with it. It pairs up well and has a good amount of range before it unpairs - oftentimes much further than the 30ft advertised.
9613	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When you first see the product, it resembles 2 silver wireless routers. One part is the outside receiver, the second part is the indoor one.
Definitely worth the money if you need an international phone while on vacation
This is the second one of these I own. The first I bought refurb and finally killed the battery. When in my car, this headset is the best. I can hear loud and clear and people on the other end of the phone never realize I am even on a headeset. The ultimate test is my wife. She would always tell me to get off the headset because she had a hard time hearing me. Now, I never hear that anymore.  Once you get over, "the over the head look", you realize just how great this headset is. It has a few other really nice features as well, voice dial and mute.
1876	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had been very happy with my Motorola phone until the battery started losing its charge within a day, even when the phone was turned off. The friendly but incompetent customer support kept me on the phone for an average of 40 minutes for the repeated calls trying to figure out the problem. After the phone had finally been sent to their technical service center, they returned it to me that the phone was irreperable "due to customer abuse." I have done nothing to that phone that could have caused any damage (unless using it to make phone calls counts as "customer abuse"), but got the same comment, without explanation after I had sent the phone in for a second time for reevaluation. It seems that Motorola is just trying to get out of fixing or replacing the phone free of charge under warranty. You'll be fine with a Motorola phone as long as it works. After that, you're on your own.

The quality and ease of use are excellent. Extremely comfortable, I can hear the person on the other end of the call flawlessly and clearly, and they tell me I come through loud and clear.

529	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Waste of money and time
Update: Two months later and it is still ok - no bubbles and it is sticking to the surface correctly. Great product for a very good price (even the high cost of shipping is worth it), compared to similar products being sold in Fry's for $10 or more.

One of the best headset I had.  Voice quality was awesome and the battery life was great.  Smaller size compared to the others I have owned.  The best part was the little tab you flip to turn it on and off which was super convenient convenient to the other two I've had before.  Unfortunately I lost this one recently so I ended up buying the H700.
8042	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The headset is comfortable to wear and works well in my office. One thing I don't like is that if you're wearing the headset, you still have to turn it on each time a call comes in or when dialing out. By default, all calls go to the handset first.
4621	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I've used mine for less than a month and it is falling apart in two places. In fact, I have had to stop using it because of the risk of it falling off my belt. The metal clip is too sharp and was ruining belts, so I used the belt loop instead. That makes the metal clip dig in to my side unless I place it carefully, and the clip on the inside puts pressure on the belt loop, which has made it split.
Dave
All my other headsets i had to press them to by ear to hear the other person even at max volume and it was annoying. The H710 is so loud that i had to turn down the volume. I am glad to get rid of all my other headsets (incl. jabra bt500)

The coverage is extensive ( 170+ countries ), no fees, no surcharges, no minimum charges, no taxes, no line maintenance fees.

7891	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great product
I purchased this via Amazon and returned it within the 30 day satisfaction guarantee period. I'm now pursuing Samsung Femtocell technology per [..]
- It would be nice if the charging was faster, although it is not an inconvenience to have it attached to your device, I personally prefer to use my things free of cables.
9306	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Oh it fits the iPhone with Mophie Plus case -- perfectly!  But in barely 2 weeks....the clip has already torn from the case, and I NEARLY LOST my iPhone 4S and Mophie Air case, it was barely hanging by a few threads.  If I could give it negative stars for the lack of security this case offered, I would.
5267	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Extremely cheap design, guess you get what you pay for. Lucky for me, I won't have the phone for very much longer.
WiFi that is very easy to configure. UPnP to wirelessly connect with other wireless electronics

Over the past several years, I've used and abused more headsets than I care to count, and spent a lot more than I wish to admit. I've had models from Sennheiser, Motorolla, Jawbone, Plantronics, BlueAnt, Nokia, and God knows where else. If you can get one that works, Jawbone and Sennheiser both offer outstanding devices, but they cost several times as much as the Plantronics 330. But, that is an "if."  My brother and I have abused our bluetooths constantly for many years now as professional truck drivers~ using these while driving, loading and offloading, throwing iron, pretripping our rigs, and just being vruel to them. Plantronics is now the only brand of single eared bluetooths either of us consider purchasing any more. Primarily this model, or the 220. The first pair of these that we bought lasted well over a year or heavy use. It is nothing for us to be on the phone for anywhere from 4 to 14 hours on any given day, and these headsets keep up with us. The noise suppression is on par with every other headset I've used. Unfortunately, the noise suppression isn't the most consistent. Some days, I can hear every little squeak in my brother's truck from 3000 miles away. Other days, the noise suppression works so well that the only noise I hear is the person on the other end & vice versa.
2427	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	i am so sad, i have to return this extraordinary headset.

9206	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	In my opinion believe all the positive reviews, BUT be aware that it does not come with the AC adapter charger when ordered through Amazon.  If you go to the IMAXPOWER website, the same item is availble for only $45.95 with free shipping and no tax (at least for my state).  Plus, it includes the AC adapter charger!
One important hint is that to make the headset fit my ear canal, I tore all the rubber off the original factory earbud, leaving just the plastic locking ring around the speaker hole. Then I had press fitted a Jabra Gel over this plastic locking ring to make a custom fit that is both secure and comfortable.
This one fit the bill, and is still chugging away sending texts and taking calls, which is all that I want it to do.


4842	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The headset works great. I have no issues with using the headset. I had gotten different ones before but have had troubles. I found this one and it works great.
So if you're a light user of your phone case, this may work for you.  If you're a user who needs your phone clipped to your belt for 10 or 12 hours a day for work......forget it.
9240	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I work in a office and started wearing this on my belt so it wouldn't fall off, unfortunately it is already tearing after only 1 month of being strapped on my belt.

First to clear up some things I've seen on the reviews:
4085	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has been my longest lasting holster for a Blackberry, so far. Over 2 years and counting.

The screen is just the right size to use the internet and the connection is just OK to suit my needs that is checking information such as weather, movies, rates of exchange etc. I wouldn't recommend it, however, for reading long newspaper articles, however, the letters are a little to small.


This is a great addition to tech family.
I then searched on Amazon to see what else might be available, and found this Turbo Charge unit. Besides being more affordable, it's designed with a cable attachment so I can plug it into the iPod and still plug in my headphones, and it uses standard AA batteries so if I were to run out of reserve power I could just replace the AA's at any time.
I have noticed that Tracfone has moved away from using the CDMA network and towards using the GSM network. I don't think that is bad, it just means slightly less coverage overall. Tracfone's service is not bad. I think this phone is a decent choice for someone who is wanting a very basic phone to talk on. It is less than $20, so I can't complain too much. However, if there is any way that you can afford it, I suggest if you are going to use Tracfone's service, go with a pricier phone with more features.
The adhesive isn't brilliant, but it's pretty solid on a clean surface. This was pretty much exactly what I expected it to be, I remember many years ago using these at a big box retailer I worked at in high school. We used them to keep walkies and cordless phones on us and so forth so they'd be good for that too.
6165	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The New Trent iTorch is the smallest and lightest 5200mah external battery pack you will find anywhere.  It feels sturdy and solidly built.  This is a must have for anyone who finds themselves needing to charge their phone all the time.  I hate walking out the door with 40% left of battery life on my iPhone5 and having to not use my phone like I would like to in order to save battery.  Now I can use my phone when and where I want without worrying about the battery dying.
The only thing I would change would be the possibility of having a charger compatible with a standard USB port, so I could charge the phone on the plane. Ah, well, I will need to plan ahead...
The sound quality can be better; had to turn to maximum the audio on my IP phone, but the ease of use was worth it.
9743	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good
6855	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great deal
2329	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After getting myself a new VX8700, I picked up a new VX8300 for my girlfriend. The VX8300 is not the prettiest or thinest phone Verizon offers, but it seems to be one of their best performers. Sound quality, speakerphone, RF, and battery life all seem very good. The camera takes decent pictures. It has just about all the features you expect in a phone today too. With a new contract, you can get it for $50 or less. At this price, I give it 5 stars.
Update- I dropped it in the parking lot, someone ran over it.  Apparently military durability does not include the ability to withstand crushing forces.



Outdoor set up time: 45 minutes

 Internal quad-band antenna
The only thing I miss is what I had on my Panasonic cordless before this:  name announce ID.  I guess you can't have everything.  So I left my annoying Panasonic hooked up so I can hear who's calling.

3734	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I made extensive use of this device to a crazy degree. It was well worth the purchase price over similar, cheaper products that friends of mine had tried.
This device is quite compact and can be worn around the neck or clipped to your clothing (it comes with a lanyard and a clip, both of which are removable). It also allows you to connect any pair of standard headphones, although the included earbuds are adequate for my needs.
5276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Very fast shipping and right one Thanks !
during important times of need. No huge complaints here. I'd highly
5973	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works great & it charges my iPhone 5 fairly quickly.  It's small enough to fit in a pocket but still has enough power to charge a dead phone.

2340	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this phone and the fact that I can change the SIM card.  It works great!
- The add-on motorola tools software for connecting to outlook is kind of clunky
Details -

8756	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I liked this phone because the battery life was excellent. Other than that the phone has no real value other than making or receiving phone calls.
5936	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong with tossing this is your bag before a trip or a conference where you need juice! Laser pointer is fun to mess with the cat with but the pack itself is too bulky to be used as a dedicated laser for meetings, etc. I guess it would work as a backup in a pinch but don't buy this for the pointer. The same can be said about the flashlight. The battery pack works great but you need to make sure your phone is good enough on 1A. Otherwise, this pack will drain faster than it can "re-fuel" your device. If that is the case, like say for my ATT S4 which needs 2.1A to rightfully charge, the best way to use it is with the phone turned off and charging, say mid-flight. Worked much better back on my S2 or my Fiancee's S3 (no our last name won't be Samsung).
7804	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Sound started cutting out after just a couple weeks. Threw it away
3197	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Looks good

2264	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am using this to keep my Garmin Nuvi 360 powered up while driving.  I didn't know this when I got it, but if the Garmin is plugged in and not using battery power, it automatically turns on when the car is turned on (that's what I get for not reading the instruction manual, lol).
Moto "Q" fits perfect if using the standard battery. With the extended battery & cover gets a little tight.
4031	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a must if you have a Nokia phone, too bad that Nokia dosent allow all of thier phones charge via USB. So you need this charger. You can use it with the Duracell USB backup battery so you have power on the go!!.


9458	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product and excellent seller

3213	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought 2 of these antenna's. I gave one to a friend and kept one for my self. Me and my Friend both put then on a Window to help with reception. I use a Motorola Q and my Friend has an I Phone both of us has service though Verizon. We went from either no service or 1 bar of service to 2 to 3 bars. I also have a Virgin Mobile MI FI Internet Data Card and it helped to increase my service from either no bar or 1 bar or service to 2 to 3 bars or service. Both of us live i rural area's. I would highly recommend this antenna to any one who has problems with cell reception. It also helps with Cordless Phones (if using the phone outside and Home Wireless(WI FI) network if using a lop top outside. You could use it on your car or a window at home.



The above Clicks all work

1. Full-to-empty charge is indicated by 4 blue LED lights, which are not very accurate.  I would prefer a numeric or continuous scale indicator.
Even with the smallest earpiece, it is uncomfortable in the ear canal. It is bulky, and awkward when worn with eyeglasses or sunglasses. The power switch is difficult to use as well. I can't really think of anything I like about it.
8131	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great cord organizer and very sharp looking.  I have it in the kitchen to hide all the cords that have been strung out on my counter.  It holds our phones, fitness chargers and reading glasses quite nicely.
5888	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	really good quality, perfect state.

6454	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Beware that this is lengthy!  I figure that if you consider spending several hundred dollars on a phone, the more information the better. :)
All in all, it's a great phone with lots of features (and a phenomenal camera) and well worth the asking price.  Sorry for the long review, but it's got a lot of features to discuss.
Pros:
7316	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The purchaser is well pleased with this item, and seems most impressed with the size of things on the screen.
So I've owned the product for about three weeks now, and there are a few quirks I've noted that some others have as well.

1884	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	As I talk to my wife on the Plantronics Explorer 320 she is quite happy -- she hears me fine.  The problem is for me (the caller).  As I talk to her, every time I open my mouth and speak I hear loud static feedback coming to the ear of my own phone.  It is very irritating -- stopping with each breath I take.


  specific feature (Light, Pointer, or Battery Pack Modes) which can take a little trial and
8319	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This a Blackberry-branded product and is very good quality.  I compared it to a generic one a friend of mine has and the difference was significant.

4169	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Proper fitment very hard, i purchased ear jells with it and still had a hard time. Everyone i spoke with on this headset had nothing but complaints with static, and said i sounded muffled and had a very hard understanding me. My side sounded pretty good, but had to keep volume at max. I was using it with a Verizon GZ one so that possibly was an issue don't know if anyone else has had this problem.
This is still worth buying.
-it takes a few days to get used to the ear bud & it's nub. This one takes a bit of getting used to!

5459	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	perfect for my intended purpose!
8679	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Blackberry Leather Holster was delivered on time and it is just the item that I wanted. Thanks.
Cons:
A-GPS: Well this is a debatable function and whether useful or not it is up to how much really one needs a GPS. I find it to be a nice toy to have but I don't consider it as a serious GPS. In fact the Nokia maps are not so great for this service. The Voice guidance is free for only 3-days after which the navigation is disabled and when used, it redirects to purchase options which are so ridiculously expensive. I downloaded Google maps for the phone which work much better overall.
4782	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After researching many other phones, I purchased the Nokia E51 and I am delighed with my choice.
Update #2: This battery lasts forever - very impressed - and you really forget you're wearing this thing - it's that small and light!
5511	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This works ok, within the first few uses the little rubber bumpers were falling off, but gravity still holds the unit in place.  The spread of the two mid point grippers have a gear mechanism that can be forced to jump teeth to facilitate closing non-symmetrically to accommodate phone plugs to clear the bottom supports...I found this useful for my Samsung 5" player as I was able to offset the right mid holder about 3/8 of an inch. When you get this...add real glue to hold the sponge rubber bumpers to keep them from diapering.
3379	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This cable worked great for my old WII, the games do look llike they are in HD. Great buy, recommend for anyone still using an old WII and would like to have the games show up in HD!
It's reasonably comfortable, has great sound volume, even in noisy environments, people say I sound clear even when in an automobile while driving, and it synchronized right away with the SX66.


needless to say, it's for sale on ebay!
544	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I would like to say that this is not cheap junk, but it did nothing at all for my cell reception.
8610	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was looking for a durable case that would last.  The leather part is great and high quality. The belt clip is poorly made of cheap plastic and has broken 3X. I've already replaced clips and refuse to order more.
  I tested the voice transmission capability by turning up the television and radio at the same time and calling my own voicemail. I must tell you, the noise cancelling technology works very well. Voice quality is acceptable: we're talking cell phone audio here, not concert hall acoustics.

125	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The Samsung car charger has stopped working within a 6 month period.  I thought a fuse was blown inside the unit but when I attempted to change it, I've noticed that it doesn't come apart like most vehicle chargers.
5170	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I read another review warning that the volume may be low with some phones, even at maximum volume and that is indeed true for me with my a nokia E61 and a motorola phone I borrowed. The motorola was actually just slighly louder and almost usable at freeway speeds, but just barely. With the nokia, at full volume I just can't hear well enough to make out 100% of the conversation, and I have good hearing (again at freeway speeds).
If you don't need the vibrating feature, try the new Jabra BT 500 which is an upgrade of the Jabra BT 250, charging can be USB cable which is great as you will not have to take another charger on the trip!

8904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The primary reason I purchased the New Trent iTorch was for use with my iPhone 5.  Although I have several other devices,  I have not attempted to recharge them with this external battery.  With the iPhone, I've only used it a few times, but based off of my experiences thus far I can say I really like this product!

Called Wilson, was told they have never heard the happen.  So back it will go, unless I can find someway to get it working correctly.

9435	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Exactly what I needed.  Only down side is the USB and antenna ports get so hot I have gotten blisters on my pinky and palm of my hand wham I grabbed it.
3312	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Worked perfectly. Allowed a wii to plug into a TV which was otherwise occupied in all inputs. Also much cheaper that GameCube components!
Can make very long video if have memory card.
1955	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	have it for several years and it still holding charge.
251	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this in May 2017, and at first it was fantastic; discharged about about 0.36%/hour when not in active use, which meant it lasted about a week between charges.  Unfortunately, over the past month, it has rapidly degraded; it discharged from 50% to 33% in 3.5 hours this afternoon.  That's even worse than the previous batteries that I've had for this phone... they just don't seem to last more than a year or two... very disappointing.
8389	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	:)
- light weight
405	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I fully charge my s4 at night from about 9-6am. Normal use will get me to 9pm again with about 20% remaining.  This is usually about 3 hours streaming,  2 hours reading (those together), some normal calls, 10 texts. Original battery would not make it past 3pm or so. Also provided case is easy to hold and seems  to  provide  good protection. Added 11/27. I now have another of these batteries so that I have two to take camping therefore I won't have to worry about charging. They do last a long time as noted above however with the new battery they recommend this recalibrating process by which you charge to 100% And then take it down to zero then back up to 100% Etc every so often I'm going to try doing that every 6 weeks to see what happens. I still really like these batteries
2) The unit is very sensitive to location. I had to fiddle with the indoor antenna's location in relation to the amplifier to get the strongest, most consistent signal

4138	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought the original Jawbone headset in 2007.  It is still the best bluetooth headset for audio quality, on both ends.


8614	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Broke 3 days after installation completely useless
6500	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	June 15, 2017: Adding some info at the top of my review. For owners of aluminum body vehicles, like me (2015 F150), see my picture below of the 24 gauge paintlock (pre-primed steel sheet) that I Gorilla taped with permanent double-sided tape to the roof of my truck. I get the same signal boost that I got when the antenna was on my 2011 truck (steel body). I've been on the interstate at 80 miles per hour with no problem. I mounted it a little more toward the back where the roof is very flat and out of the wind stream. The paint isn't a great match, but you can't see the metal unless you get in the back of the truck (which is where the picture was taken from). I suppose semi-truck drivers will get a good look at it. I'll report back if any problems arise...
5217	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	In all fairness, these meets the job for which I purchased it. However, please be aware that this is not meant to use with more than one medium to large sized smart phone.  I have an iPhone se and a Galaxy S7.  I could fit one more SE but nothing larger on the available outer slot.  Also, the front tray is very narrow
The flashlight has come in handy a few times.  When I was in the hotel room and dropped something behind the bed, the light came in handy.  It's a tad dim (perhaps upgrading it to what the iphone itself has, or maybe even a cree light, would be better), but it is a great idea.  The laser pointer is even neat, although I do not need it for presentations, but if it did, it would be useful.
The LED's (BB logo and LED inside pod) stay lit as long as it is plugged in and they DO NOT change colors when the phone is charged - they always remain white.
Comes with a laser too. Who doesn't need a laser. Cmon really, that is what sold me vs other chargers.
Turns out, it appeared to be a recycled Sidekick III case anyway, so I put that device into it until such time as I end my relationship with T-Mobile.
And taking them out to hear the world around you is nice, because of the magnets. No flopping around.

2089	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	What a disappointment this phone has been.  I've been using it for heavy business use (4,000 minutes a month and unlimited data plan - averaging 1,500-3,000 MB of data transfers a month).  I switched to Verizon after 12+ years with AT&T/Cingular because of this phone and the EVDO network.  Now I am stuck with a $500 paperweight and a $175 cancellation fee to go back to Cingular.

5265	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The item is just as it was described. Fits and works great! Highly recommend. Also very happy on the price, can't beat it!
9587	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have one of these units at my work and a z-boost unit at home.  To be honest, they seem to work equally well.  But, after a year and some months, I had a problem with this Wilson unit.  I called customer support and actually talked to a helpful person located in the US!  He offered to replace the main component for free even though it was out of warranty. When it came I hooked it up and everything works great again.  And, I actually got a call a week later from the same tech support guy asking if everything was working OK!
8286	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	NOT RECOMMENDED!!
The premise of this product is simple.... a car is a metal box with a small area of windows.  Radio frequency transmission will not penetrate metal...so cell signal both incoming and outgoing are greatly reduced vs. using the phone outside the car.  The booster is designed to take the cell antenna signal from the back of the phone, and carry this signal through an installed cable (included) to a magnetic base antenna mounted atop your roof.  Antenna is easy to remove and put back in the car, such as during a car wash.  The unit is powered via cig. lighter, which assist in carrying both incoming and outgoing signal.
7886	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wonder why Steve Jobs did not desing the iphone with the regular plug...
The camera is pretty impressive and I recently created a fabulous album containing assorted images from this phone. Some of them are impeccable! The zoom function is good but reduces resolution considerably...but after all its just 2MP so its meant to be only a back-up...say in case of an accident. The video camera is pretty good as well and I've recorded clear, crisp videos with it. I'm happy.

1019	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Works on some phones, others not a bit. Can't believe these are even sold yet... Got them for all my family and friends. Not worth getting in my honest opinion.
8884	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The only reason I gave this 4 stars is that it is a little confusing to figure out how to just make it charge vs to have one of the lights come on. Although cats like chasing the laser it is usually not what I had intended to turn on...
If you want a QWERTY smartphone but don't want to lug around a bulky unit your choices right now are either this or the Pearl.  And the Pearl does the whole two-letters-on-one-keypad set-up.  If these features are important to you, then the Centro is your choice.  Don't worry, it's internal abilities don't disappoint.  The Centro is great for text messaging, writing quick emails, doing some casual web browsing, and reading through Office files.  However, if you want a better camera, or do HEAVY smartphone typing then I would look to a fatter smartphone that has a bigger screen and more spaced out thumbkeys.  But in a world where size matters...the compact Centro delivers amazingly well.  I've been very happy with my purchase.  Now can somebody help me get this battery cover back on?

Reception is excellent and I live in a weaker signal area.
5840	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well with my vivofit
9. Shares common power supply with many other Plantronics devices for ease of power sharing.
2897	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When installed according to instructions, this unit fulfills all its claims.
6540	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great
5149	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Looks Nice, its a little difficult to put it on the phone but protects it good. I can recomend it.

3134	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The phone holders have held up well with constant use.
9353	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I prefer this model to the newer version because it provides for more antenna options.
One more thing: the screen is amazing.  There are only so many ways to say WOW.  If you are considering buying a Palm that runs Windows Mobile, you ought to know that the screen clarity is almost reduced by HALF.  This apparently has something to do with Window's OS, and seriously put my decision to buy one on the back burner.
4665	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had pretty much this exact case for my Galaxy S3, and was DELIGHTED it was available with belt clip & belt loop in nylon, no magnet closure, for the Galaxy Note 3.

5821	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The prongs on the two pieces wouldn't work together. Never worked. Tried taping it down, too, but that didn't work either. Just threw away money.

I'm very pleased with my Amazon purchase.



7323	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Sadly, AT&T did me in on the RAZR V-3.  Wish Motorola would do an upgraded Motorola RAZR V3 GSM Phone ...Truly miss the simplicity and usefulness when travelling internationally.  Great phone and wish I could find one more.
8843	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTourch 5200mAh is a great portable power supple.  It also contains a laser point for use in presentations.  Its lightweight and provided an additional full charge for an iPhone and a 60% charge for an iPad.



I can keep this on for 6 hours straight and barely notice.
9102	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As someone who uses his cell phone constantly, I'm always looking for portable power. I love my 4.5" screen on my phone, but it does drain the battery rather quickly. If I'm out and about, there's no way I'm getting through a full day on a single charge. The iTorch is just the thing I need to keep me connected. The small sleek size is perfect for my pocket allowing me to bring it anywhere I go. It's by far the smallest portable batteries I have and I love it. Plus the built-in flashlight is a nice extra feature. It also has a laser pointer but since I don't have cats I probably won't use it.
Over the week the iTorch did not let me down. I don't recommend going to a conference without it!
9938	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My iPhone and my Magpul holder for it both were born for this holster.

I like the fact that you can actually send pictures to another mailbox. (Unlike my son's camera phone which merely sends you to a web link.)
3184	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I'm an engineer and I had low hopes for this actually doing anything. I should have trusted my training as this made absolutely no difference in the signal strength or quality. Thanks to Prime, i am not out-of-pocket.
 At this point - it became pretty obvious that he'd lost all interest in the call and wanted to just get me off the phone...

though the phone has lot of functions/features are pretty appealing, it lacks something it's supposed to have:


-External screen is low quality and will not display animated wallpapers, even though phone function alerts are motion-capable.
-Stylish (compared to a Treo and lots of other smart phones)

6351	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have this phone and was debating on whether to exchange it or not for something a little simpler. I decided to keep it because it's that "candy bar" style, no sliding or flipping up to use and am happy with it for the most part. It took some time getting used to. I don't like the fact that there is no "back" button. I love the touch screen. I find myself trying to use the touch screen on my husbands phone (Blackberry 8110) or my kids (LG Shine). Battery life is pretty good. I had a Samsung M300 and that thing needed charging every day. I charge this about every 4 days. One thing I discovered is the my ringer volume got softer/low after about a month. At first I thought it was my imagination. I could've sworn it was louder than what it was. Even on the highest level I could barely hear it. After researching from other users, I took out the battery and re-inserted. Now that's the ringer volume that I remember having.  It saved me a trip to AT&T.
-Great sound, bought incoming and outgoing
2. Added to that they ship is very late
Another big problem with this phone is the music player feature. Unless you plan on purchasing an expensive media plan from your carrier, all the connectivity features of this phone are pointless. Downloading stuff by the kb is insanely costly, and the media plans add significant cost to the monthly plans. Also, to transfer music from your PC to this phone by USB is agonizing, as the phone takes more than half an hour to transfer a single CD (10 songs). To put a lot of music on this phone takes inhuman patience, and then you have to use junky Samsung proprietary earphones to listen to your tunes as no headphone adaptor jack is available.
The sound quality is excellent (tried with Sony-Ericsson W600i and Cingular 8525/HTC Tytn).
9752	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great value - works great in both my Omega's and Luminox.  Arrived promptly.
Comfort - I was willing to put up with the flaky operation of the headset because of the cost; however, I realized after two days that I was not going to be able to stand to wear it for any extended period of time.  The speaker pipes its volume into a rather hard earpiece that fits inside your ear.  It is not removable, and try as I might to adjust it, I could not find a comfortable position.  The ear hook is also fairly rigid.  These two things combined made for an unpleasant comfort experience.
4557	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The retractable cord is great for preventing your car from being over-run with excess wiring. Decently constructed with a highly visible indicator light.



PROS:
9239	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Rips out pretty quickly.not made for everyday use.  It rips apart within a month or 2.  I had to get something else
Even if I'm in the kitchen and I go into the living room (same floor) it gets very, very fuzzy.  I would put the distance to where I can talk clearly at about 15 feet... which is about half of what they boast.  The volume on the side could use some work.  I can hear just fine and "regular" volume is just fine, but if they have a way for you to adjust it then I need to hear a noticeable difference between the lowest setting and the highest setting.
The best thing is that the ear peace is fairly inconspicuous as it sits over your ear.  I really don't want to look like Janet Jackson in her Control video as I walk around town or the mall.
  I think if the company could fix this one flaw, this product would really be worth purchasing.  If you decide to try it, use caution when removing from your outlet or lighter port.


Here are the facts:
4671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use for my Galaxy III with extended battery and case for when I take the dogs out for a walk, does a good job staying hooked to my pocket. Purchased along with the Laza extended battery and case.
4709	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The product was just as I had expected. I intended to buy two but there was no deal on shipping charges for buying more. I was gonna be charged the same $$ for each item even thou, I believed, they will ship in the same box. IF YOU TRAVEL INTERNATIONALLY, THIS IS A MUST GET ITEM.
This case offers the best protection that I have seen for this phone.  My concerns are minor and I still highly recommend the OtterBox Defender.

No magnet! Fits my husbands mini med pump perfectly and costs a lot less that the $39 medtronic charges for their case!
The jawbone sounds just like if you were holding your phone to your ear.

I still think the unit has some small flaws, such as the way the cradle changes width to fit different phones. With my phone, an iPhone 6 in the Apple leather case, it's either too narrow or a bit too wide, and wobbles in the cradle. Some clever engineering could fix this problem - there are lots of basic cell phone cradles that have found better ways to fit multiple phone models.
563	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this since at work I go in and out of service constantly and I was hoping for something like this to work.  It did nothing sadly, I really wanted it to work.  Also after reading the 5 star reviews I googled them and noticed that those reviews word for word had been used in many places.  They sound real but sadly it's just marketing.
It doesn't seem to me to have as good a reception as the old H500, and that is why I bought it, in hopes it was better, but for the money, I haven't seen it yet...

pointer to its primary battery function, useful for business travel.
Intentions:
Waste of money.
thanks

Comes with 3 soft ear buds, and two different size ear hooks, if you prefer wearing it with an ear hook.
My last concern is the clear plastic protector that comes with this.  I work outside and when its real cold the plastic keyboard protector gets hard.  If your trying to type or enter a number it will push on several other keys at the same time. This protector wraps around and covers the camera too, but it causes a dull image.  My fix to this was to cut off the keyboard section and cut out the place for the camera.

5190	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Got the first one, loved it...worked great with my ipod and my phone...so I could listen to music and still be available to answer calls...(I have a basic phone, not a smartphone.)  The first one stopped charging after about 2 months...got a replacement...stopped taking a charge after two months...This is too expensive to work for only two months and then nothing.  Too Bad.


471	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It was nice but it ended up breaking on me.  The little nub that the clip slides onto broke and it was non repairable.  It worked well for about 2 months.  Cheap price and maybe worth what I paid for but now I am just going to go with buying a case that comes with it's own belt clip.
This thing is a piece of junk. Even if it never broke, it's difficult to carry in a pocket due to the big ear loop. Also difficult to put on.
Durability, the Scala is light and durable which is a great benefit to me. I'm hard on equipment and so far after two months of service, it's as good as new yet dropped many a time. But the nice feature of being inexpensive is, it can be replaced for little cost. Even with plactic pieces it's flexible yet durable and still light weight. The control buttons flex, recoil and work without sticking, breaking or falling apart. Kudos to Scala
1136	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This device is wonderful, very light weight and portable and works excellent. I purchased as a replacement USB hub for use on my laptop and very much like that you can tuck it anywhere easily. Great quality product.

4467	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say other than this is a genuine Nokia cable that works with my N810 internet tablet. It's the same as what comes with the N810 and works as expected. Great price too!
NOISE REDUCTION:
549	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	We saw very little improvement if any, it was easy to install but maybe helped a slight bit oh well
In conclusion, it's a reliable performer and a convenient as well as eye-catching device--providing you go for the vertical look.  If I were to suggest one design improvement, it would be to "fatten up" the tower so that it would be wide enough to permit horizontal insertion of USB devices with the hub in vertical position.  Doing so would assure unforced accommodation of all your USB plugs, even the most space-devouring ones.  Biggest "gripe": the vertical design is not real stable.  The hub is easily dislodged from the base and bounces around quite a bit.  If I had to do it over, I'd look at the heavy, dome-shaped Kensington.
7540	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Prompt shipping! Thanx!
I did get it to work well once I found the direction of the nearest tower and aligned it just right. The issue then was that the supplied cable was so short the booster and repeater were interfering with each other. So I went to radio shack and got a 50' cable and put the receiver in the attic and the repeater in the basement. I got good reception as long as I was within 10' of the repeater. Useless for my brothers needs.
8425	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Wanted something that I could put my ipod in so i could safely reach and work with it while driving, this mount was perfect!!!
9341	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The company I work for has its own repair center for our company fleet and this headset was purchase for our shop foreman.
9541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	First of all, I'm really really jealous of those of you who said their signal jump from 1 or 2 bars to 5 bars. I live in a condo so I have to mount the antenna on the inside where I got around 3 bars in that area. Even with the  green steady lights on the booster with gain set at the max. The signal only jumps may be a bar up and down depending on my movement.  I really want it to work,  but at this price. I think it's going back. Once my contract is up I'm switching from AT&T to  Verizon. There's more Verizon towers than AT&T in my area anyway according to the towers locator app. Got 5 bars on my old Verizon flip phone when I fire it up to test it.
CON's
6852	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great value - works great in both my Omega's and Luminox.  Arrived promptly.
4137	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is my second Aliph Jawbone due to a colleague loosing the first.  Set up is easy and straight forward with my iPhone 3S.  Its seamless integration with the iPhone is impressive - battery status is shown on the iPhone as well as customized ring tongs and phone number's ID'd.  The only thing which would make it perfect would be the ability to use the voice search function.




The OS isn't the most responsive, but becoming acquainted with the task manager and several other task apps out there should help some.
3022	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The speaker on this phone is too quiet, you can't open it with one hand, and it doesn't have a lot of bells and whistles. The only thing I like about it is that it is fairly sturdy. However, I accidentally ran mine through the washing machine and I don't think any phone can withstand that. Fortunately, I hadn't paid for the phone. It was sent to me as a replacement phone by my insurance company. I would not get it again.
This is now my main headset.
Cons:
2457	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product does what it says. Since some motorola phones do not come with a headphone jack I bought these for my Krazr a while back. They worked fine for music and for calls. Sound quality was fair.
also included is a thing you can glue to your dashboard the allows you to slip the phone onto (with the little button, not the clip).  very handy!
8818	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Quick shipping great product!


But my main complaint is with the Aliph Jawbone company customer service itself-they are absolutely horrible. They advertise on their website that the Jawbone has a 1 year manufacture warranty to the end consumer. But, my Jawbone broke and when I contacted them about getting warranty service on it, they rudely informed me that they only provide warranties on units bought directly from their own website. If I bought from some other retailer, it has ZERO warranty! I'm not sure whether or not this is even legal, but do believe it reflects very poorly on the company that they don't even stand behind their own products.
What puts the H700 ahead of the others I've tried is this:  it's comfortable.  There's something about the ear hook's texture that is exactly what the human ear needs.  It has a hard plastic arch along the outer edge to hold it steady, and the soft arm feels almost exactly like the cartilage your ear is made from.  It's perfect in that it holds fairly tight but doesn't make your skin heat up and throb after an hour with it on.  Buttons for volume are easy to access and powering the unit on is as simple as flipping open the mic arm...this also means it's harder to accidentally leave turned on, or to forget to turn the unit off.
I'd return the GDB 55 except that the traffic data really can get the 255 to change its recommendations.  So, fool that I may be, I'm going to keep working with it on the hope that the traffic data service will improve.  I figure (a) it's part of the price of getting in when a service is relatively new and (b)I can always hit Detour manually as we did last weekend should we start getting anxious again.


Pairing - I was able to pair this headset with my LG VX-9800 on the first try. The instructions in the manual are straightforward so I will not repeat them hear. The experience is similar to what I had with the BT250v.
6457	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I think this is the best Nokia N series ever....if its not surpassed by the new N 97. If you are looking for a beautifull phone loaded with features and all that you can possibly think of in a average budget. This is the phone to get..much better that the Iphone in many ways. Besides its very reliable.
I finally give this one a try.  Wow, I don't know what kind of power they use, I had three rides so far and I haven't experience one single glitch yet.  No music break up, no phone call conversation break up.  It's so nice to finally have some uninterrupted music.
Update 9/29/09:

Battery Life-  For the battery it is very good if you don't use the messenger or internet or anything, but if you do use them use them like I do and I have to be then its not that great...  If I stay logged into the blackberry messenger and hotmail messenger that I have downloaded then the battery cuts down ALOT it will only survive for about half a day but then if you don't use that stuff it will last like 2 to 3 days. 5 for not using the stuff and 2 for using the browser and stuff.
When I was on the phone with Verizon Tech Support I asked them which device/Smartphone they recieved the least number of calls on...they said the Treo 700w.  As such, I return my Motorola Q and purchased the 700w.  Wow, what a difference!  The Treo is much faster and much easier to use.  I would downgrade my rating but unfortunately once the stars are choosen in Amazon's rating system they cannot be changed.
4999	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Used it the first time and it shorted out the AUX port on an iPhone 5S.  Will be returning it and now replacing an iPhone.  Sticking with the original Mophie adapter when I get a new phone.
4276	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased 2 of these over time.  It works great in our car with no bluetooth and allows 2 phones to be connected at the same time.  Loud, battery lasts forever, and so easy to set up and use.  It is perfectly clear and no problems hearing anyone or anyone hearing me.

5770	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great
5222	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Way smaller compartments. Picture is completely innacurate. Neither of the side compartments are big enough for my iPhone (regular iPhone 7). The picture shows BOTH compartments with iPhones (and the right one looks like an iPhone 6, which is the same size as my phone). False advertising. Since I purchased this to charge my iPhone, my work phone (galacy s6) and my kindle in the middle compartment, I won't be able to use it. Nothing the only thing that fits is the kindle in the middle compartment.
Too hard, I can't imagine this case absorbing much of the shock if the phone was dropped.
Personally the case is a little big but, so is my phone. The little metal thingy on the front of the case "came off" in the first week of having the case but other then that. The case is great. Easy ordering as normal for Amazon. Quick delivery from the company.
4641	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works very well
The phone has several nifty features, including a 2 megapixel camera that takes good-to-very-good quality pictures. It can also function as a video camera, doing both sound and image. There's no flash or self-portrait mirror, but you can make do. The screen acts as a view finder, of course. There's also four different levels of zoom and several different video effects (like black and white, negative, false color, etc). There's a nifty little mini-USB port you can use to move your files to a computer (assuming you have a cable. Thankfully the phone comes with one).

microUSB charging


3) Repeated claims of "wouldn't work until I cut the brown wire!" - not sure what that's about. One brown wire is the mute for incoming calls. That worked just fine for me. The other brown wire you tap to ground to set the volume of OnStar (yes, that part is a little cheesy). I imagine if you mistakenly connected that permanently, you might not get sound.
Movie player (video clips of any sort; the software re-scales the video to fit the screen [which saves lots of space])
I read the instructions and then plugged in to charge.  I have several wall charges, however, I wanted to use some of my devices so I used my HP Mini, and my desktop.  It worked fine charging on those.  After an hour on each device I went ahead and charged into the wall to make sure it worked.  It was charged completely after two more hours.
Hal
The iTorch is an incredibly useful tool for any road warrior. It lets you fully charge your phone and then some. I love the design and size of the device. It charges with the ubiquitous micro-USB cable, and it can charge anything via a USB Cable. I always keep it in my bag just in case. The only small issue I have is the amount of time it takes to fully charge. It take a few hours to get from zero to 100%. This is expected, but is still a significant amount of time. 4/5.
- Negatives -
9097	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Got this for a long flight, used it to power my Galaxy S 4" Player, It works like a charm I get an average of 2.5 charges out of it. Holds charge good, the torchlight comes in handy, the laser pointer is pretty much useless (to me anyway), the supplied usb chord is durable but a little bit bulky. During the charging of a device it does get a little warm. When charging the unit it self it gets a little warmer, but that is expected.

The only drawback is that spiny on/off button which is a little sharp.  Other than that, there is not one complaint I have.  Not one.
2) Initial Battery life.  I was pretty let down at first with the battery life.  You do need to let it go through a few full battery cycles of full-charge to dead to get the battery "normal" I guess.  I use the phone A LOT throughout my day and usually get about 3 days worth on a full charge.  With the ease of availability on eBay of cheap cell phone batteries, this isn't too much of a concern.
1021	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I do get reception, but it added a bar for me.  These are no 'Magic Bullet' for bad reception, but they can take it 'just over the edge'.
there is virtually no tech support and the knowledge base is non existance.
JIS "2" Dripping water at an angle up to 15 degrees from vertical shall have no harmful effect (Drip resistant 2)
3592	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This unit isn't three pieces its one piece and doest even cover the front of the unit.  I am sending it back.


3399	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Well, I guess I'm one of the unfortunate ones that cannot see the difference (even on a high quality Sony Z series flat panel).  However, I'm glad to have the upgrade so at least I know I'm not missing anything.  And for $5, it's worth a try if you suspect you might see a difference.
8852	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just got my New Trent IMP52D External battery pack, but already I am impressed after just getting it out of the box. I noticed immediately that it is much more solid, and feels like there is a much bigger battery inside than the cheaper competitors. I like the laser pointer and flashlight, but I think it could be better if there were separate buttons for the lights, because it's annoying having to hold the button for 3 seconds for the flashlight however.

9771	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good new batteries
Service- the phone gets great service where I live and thats up in the hills area. Though I am sure the higher I go I will end up losing service.  But for where I am I do notice a difference in my old phone to this blackberry... 4 and a half stars.

8315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered one for my moto Q9c and the cig. adpator did not work at all. No light, no charge.
6106	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My first impression upon opening the box was "wow, this is cool." I haven't been disappointed yet with it. After I got over how cool it looked and how it felt like it was meant to be held in my hand, I plugged it in to charge over night so I could get started using it in the morning. I have no idea how long it took to charge that night, but later I noted that it took about 6 hours to reach a full charge.
Test#4 Iphone 5 charged 184% + ~30% Usage = ~214%
The M2 Memory Stick is not common, but Sony Ericsson uses it.  They supply a 512MB one.  Buying one with more memory will not be cheap.  The access slot is on the top.  It took me a while to figure out how to open the little, flat plastic door.  Which side to open? It doesn't have a flap, can't open with a fingernail, so I use an unfolded paper clip or other similar-sized object to pry it open.
I have a small farm and work outside with no access to AC power from dawn till dusk on weekends. I like to listen to Spotify, Pandora, and NPR while working. My iPhone 4 battery just doesn't have enough power to support that kind of use. For day long use, I usually just leave it plugged in the iPhone and the two batteries work together. The IMP52D keeps the music and entertainment coming - I have never exhausted it!
Disagree with other reviews that the buttons are flimsy. It actually seems like a pretty sturdy device to me. I've only had it for about a week though, so I didn't officially rate its durability.
Concerns are the fact that the exterior antenna is made of plastic and we have it facing south.  I'm not sure of the durability of the casing, so will need to monitor this.  My other concern is the fact that wireless carriers will start to roll-out 4G in larger cities in the near future (4G is already available in certain cities).  While this product will still support the 3G signals (and so will the carriers), it is likely that an additional antenna will be needed for 4G connectivity (data speed).  I will update this review once I speak with the manufacturer's tech support.
4746	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	just for what i need it, meets my expectations, completely recomended, it was very nice to buy and i received it so soon
3672	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Hard to get all bubbly about a charging cord for an old cellphone, but when you turn the town upside down, can't find one and an oldster in the house wants to keep using the phone he's used to, finding the right plug for an obsolete phone is a real nice surprise.  As before - hard to get excited, but thanks - it works, and solved a problem!  And that's always a positive review.
Reception with this phone is much better in black spots than with Nokia phones.


 I highly doubt their product warranty means anything to them or - or even if they will stand behind it.
4861	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had several, this is the best. Good seller, great device, easy to set up and use.
7238	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	dis not worked
- Handy laser pointer and flashlight. Though not necessary, it's a nice
PROBLEMS AND SHORTCOMINGS

1473	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has to be one of the best headsets out there, I have used many and this unit has to be one to beat. No issues whatsoever, great quality and easy to use..
Got 5 for the price of one at the local pharmacy.
- You just can't beat this price.
The product worked
7752	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought the H710 in August 2008.  It worked flawlessly for about ten months, then suddenly, the microphone stopped working.  At first, it was intermittent, sometimes people would say they couldn't hear me, other times, no problem.  Then one day, dead on all calls.  Sent it back to Motorola for a warranty exchange in July 2009.  It's January now.  Guess what, the replacement is doing the same thing.  I love the feel and operation of this headset; it works especially well with my hearing aids, but if the other folks cannot hear me, it is a piece of garbage.  FWIW, I also hate the proprietary charger.  I'd be interested to know if anyone has any LONG TERM success with this headset.
1085	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They we're great....
I had the same Case/Clip for an S3 and the very first time I dropped the phone, the screen cracked. I had the insurance and had to put in a claim which cost me $200.
You'll enjoy the S9 so long as you bear in mind that the Motorola S9s are your companion for when you're active. If you want to kick back, I'd recommend something more comfortable. This unit also comes with a drawstring bag (I somehow got two), and an adapter to communicate with an iPod (but again, you'll probably want the iPod close to the S9). Instructions are simple and pair-bonding with devices is no different for the S9 than anything else; check your device's settings to properly connect.
6936	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	.... for my Pro Trek Casio. They usually last about 3-5 years. Unfortunately, a couple of months after replacing, my band broke. $100 or so for a new one? I only paid $140 for the watch. Anyway, Batteries worked as a battery should, and shipped quick. Packaged well.
I just don't see any reason to buy some of the other options out there that are twice, three times, or more expensive than this one.

6847	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They work.
8242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I work in a field where it is very easy to drop my phone and my otterbox has saved me many times and my phone has never been damaged.  A bit bulky but if you are looking for a case that will protect your phone to the max, this is it.  Recently I dropped my phone and the belt clip cracked and Otterbox sent me a replacement in a few days with no questions asked.  Great investment.
5569	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	As others have stated this is far from waterproof. I would not depend on this if it is going to get wet. There was a bit of sea water in the bottom of my kayak and this radio fell in it. It filled up with water and ceased working. Otherwise it worked pretty well and was pretty cheap. But calling this waterproof is very wrong. It is barely water resistant. God forbid your boat was sinking and it got wet.
The sound is very awesome as well.  I say the bass is better that the HBS-730.  The magnet is stronger as well.  I like it when I tuck the unit behind my shirt and when I am not using the ear plug and let it dangles, it naturally falls down and attached itself back to the magnet of the unit ... through my shirt.  This keep the earplug from swinging back and forth when I am not using it.  I don't know if this is by design or just accident.  Either way, it's cool.

669	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are fantasic! I cut them into strips to hold my laptops in place on an angled table top. They do get dirty and need to be cleaned, but they hold the laptops and phones that I put on them.
Big Thanks to New Trent

7858	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Not adaptable for Square credit card swipe. Adaptable only for headphone. Need more information on the website guideline on this product.
It has a laser light and an LED light on it as well. Not sure what functionality these have in a battery pack, but hey, its an added plus. Never know when you might need it!
Which is this headsets only drawback - it has this HUGE, BLUE ORB-LIKE LIGHT on it that takes up the whole front of the piece.  YOU WILL ATTRACT ATTENTION with this headset on.  It blinks in standby, it blinks when in operation, it blinks all the dang time.  But, if you can get passed that, it does work pretty well.  The sound is a little tinny, but pretty clear.  And unlike all my other bluetooth headsets, the headset volume only operates the headset, and doesn't link to the phone volume - this means that you have more adjustability for volume level and loudness, which is good.  The mic seems really good - no complaints from those on the other end, basically.  And the battery life isn't TOO ugly at 5 hours.  And the ear anchor could be a little more rigid and smaller for smaller ears, but it will do as long as you are not jogging around constantly.

1847	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I was looking for. I needed a catch all tote for work that I could keep all my Nursing supplies in. It's handy as a Go Bag for around the house too in an emergency. I just love knowing all my medical equipment is in one place if I ever needed it in an emergency. I wish it had an inside zip pocket for valuables, but other than that it's perfect.
4606	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice and cute

The charging cable sucks. It's a proprietary socket made out of soft rubber/plastic. In the beginning it works flawlessly, but as time goes on, you will have to be more and more careful with it. Do NOT leave it in the sun/car on a hot day or it will simply not connect correctly to the ear-piece any more, you have been warned. The ear loops are made of a fairly strong metal covered in a soft rubber. The problem with this is that they break, a lot. No, seriously, order extra loops as soon as you order the unit. They are very inexpensive, but you WILL break them. Do not put this unit in your purse/pocket, because you will break the ear loop. If it's not on your ear, it needs to be someplace safe that it won't get knocked around, cause the darn loops break when you look at them sideways. (Ok, it's not that bad, but it is very annoying) I have taken to removing the ear loop any time it's not in my ear, but this is a bit of a pain and I don't recommend it to anyone who isn't as hard on their stuff as I am.
9433	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Love the idea. But the metal connection to the amplifier from the antenna is RED HOT. I'm not saying it's warm, it's hot enough to burn me by barely touching me. I want to give 5 stars. I just want to do it painlessly. Please contact me ASAP
The only hitch is the charging system. The headset slides into a circular disc that has a 'crescent' shaped slot built into it to accept the headset. The wire that plugs into the wall for power then plugs into the disc at the other end.  You have to have both items, then, to charge it. I cannot figure out why the charger simply isn't a one-part solution.
Though I appreciate that the micro USB adapters were included free of charge, I don't like the extra length the adapters create.  Understandably, the manufacturer wanted a universal charging cable with interchangeable adapters to fit an array of devices.  Great concept, but in reality, the adapters stick out from the phone a good distance and are made of hard plastic so they aren't the least bit flexible -- and that's a serious design flaw.  It makes absolutely no sense to have a cool mobile device only to have a needlessly loooooooong adapter protruding from it.  It's pretty ridiculous actually, and kills the convenience of using any mobile device while connected to those universal cables.  Not to mention, the long protrusion can easily be bumped or tweaked and totally screw up the connector inside the phone.  Needless to say, I wouldn't be happy if a product designed to keep me charged up and on the go ends up damaging my new phone!
I will also note that my brief experience with Tech Support (a previously used unit purchased from Amazon turned out to be quite DoA) as well as Sales to better decide on a new unit were quite helpful.
The case comes with three layers of protection as stated. The first is a plastic type membrane that covers the back and the front of the phone. If you are familiar with screen protectors then you will recognize that this is the same material just larger and formed to fit the phone like a glove.
the audio adaptor is used with logiteches ONLY, will not work with other brands (even the passcode is 0000)
I bought this discounted in return for my opinions and review after use.
I had used a smaller, but similarly-designed pack for decades, but now I have a new camera (Sony alpha 6000) with a monster lens (18-200) which won't fit into my old case, forcing me to buy this new one.
2364	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got one of these over a year ago, and I've never experienced the problems some people have mentioned in their reviews. I never bothered using the ear-hook wrap-around piece because this item fits snugly and comfortably in my ear. The inner-ear clamp piece has never worn or lost resiliency. The item is very light and doesn't bother my ear at all.
3619	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described this case is a slim-fit ultra protective gel case .  The feel is so nice.  It does not slip out of your hand and the wavy design is very decorative.  This case added a great touch to my S4 phone. An added plus was a free 2-pack screen protector.  Great buy!!
7377	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This has lasted through NUMEROUS beatings. Very well made.
This is not a perfect phone, but it desrves five stars for price over functionality, capability, and performance.
i have no complaints.  glad i bought map.
The main control button for answering and initiating calls in kinda small, but I'll get used to it.
1) Reception goes hissy at about 20 feet, not a problem for me as I generally carry my phone in a hip type holster, but noting here for others' info.
If you stretch them to far they will fit too loose and will lose some of there bass effect. But all you have to do is reheat them and close them up a little until you get the fit you want.
Bottom-line: The USB cord does what is says and is compatible with the Samsung Renown.  It charges it.  So for $2.30 and not having to leave my home to get it, I'm happy.  Well-worth the money.
2707	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Order was cancelled with no explanation--at least they say they didn't charge my card--but the inventory status still shows there are 5 left in stock.

I used to put the set in my pocket between calls.  Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.  I contacted the company and they indicates that this is because if the loop doesn't break, the headset itself would break instead.
8529	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I go keeps on keep on on

The range being advertised as "up to 1200 square feet" can be VERY misleading. "Up to" is the key, so I'd take that with a grain of salt to be honest. Maybe if that 1200 feet is one large open space (no walls, etc) and if the outside signal is fairly strong to begin with; again, so many variables! I'm sure plenty of people do get that much coverage, but just don't count on it, that's all I'm saying. For example: My entire house is very small, 750 sq feet. So one might think this would cover my whole house, right? Nope. After doing a ridiculous amount of component acrobats and creative placement, I'm able to talk in 2 small connecting rooms, which are side by side and I have the booster right by the doorway of those two rooms, sort of splitting the 180 degree range between the rooms. But I still have no improvement in my bedroom, dining room, kitchen, bath or hall. So I basically had to decide which area was most important for a signal. I chose my office and my living room because those are the two primary places where I might use the phone.
- I always worry I will lose the tip when using the same cable to charge the IMP500.
4118	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Maybe I was a bit harsh in the title, but I had to put something out there that would grab  your attention.  I want to save you the trouble that none of these other reviews did for myself.  Most of the reviews were great so I bought it.  I have to say the sound is pretty decent, very similar if not slightly worse than my wep200.  The wep410 looks very stylish, but it just doesn't FIT RIGHT IN THE EAR.  It feels like it is going to fall out and it doesn't sit at the angle where it is pointing from your ear to your cheek, which is what the wep200 does.  When it sits at the angle it is NOTICEABLY flaring outwards.  It looks like it is sticking out of your cheek at a 30-40 Degree angle, which looks extremely odd.  I tried all three different sized earbuds, but no luck with any of them.  I can get it to fit in my ear, but the fit of the earbuds is VERY poor.  I even got my father to try this headset to see if I had deformed ear canals, but they also didn't fit him right.  I really wish I could return this, but since I have opened it I can't.  Sadly, I had to give the headset to my father.  (He doesn't care how poor the fit is as long as he can use it for hands free calling in the car)
4361	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are the best bluetooth headphones I have owned.  I don't like using them for phone calls however.  I have not had the same issue with breakage and I am quite rough with mine.  I use them all the time in the gym and have had no issues with wetness causing problems.  I wear mine for about two hours at a time and they don't get heavy for me and I have small ears.  I use mine with a Verizon VX8550 Chocolate and get VERY good base and no hissing or popping.  I also use it with an HP 110 classic pocket pc.  BUT:  On the PPC, you have to go into the registry and change the bluetooth settings or you will get popping and hissing (google WM6 crackling).  Once you do that, these phones produce great base and treble with no hissing or popping.  Also recommend for PPC users the SRS WOW plugin (google it).
4594	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been through a lot of headsets. Each one has issues with how well they work or how well they fit. I have a BlueAnt Z9 which fits pretty well but picks up noises like running water or shuffling paper and delivers them at ear-splitting levels to my caller. The Jawbone 2 is beautiful but doesn't fit because the required jaw contact is hard to maintain and you don't know until the caller says (again) that he can't hear you.
2. At the beginning when people called me it seems that the connection was not that great since I ended switching to the handset (the phone itself)
6570	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for several weeks in the Portland, OR area with my AT & T iPhone.  First let me explain the hookup:
4907	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It feels cheap and a bit too flexible, but for just over a dollar, I'm not sure what I expected. I'm don't know about in-line pause buttons, but the mic on my headset works through these. The only issue is that the 3.5mm cutout on my iPad case is particularly small, and I actually had to cut off a little more plastic off this (easy with scissors or a razor blade). Once I did that, it worked. The seller I bought from (cellularfactory) also included a cheapo stylus - I wish they'd not bother with useless things like that, and spend the money making the product I actually ordered a little higher quality.

9337	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	maybe that's how long phones are lasting these days but it's not right. I only use about 250 minutes a month and have taken excellent care of it. It's always in a case when not in use and it's never been dropped. For the past few weeks the phone has gone mute a handful of times and now it's frozen.
+ Excellent screen resolution


Cons:
8143	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Keeps all my husbands electronics in one spot and cords are hidden.
use the iTorch when on the road. The iTorch even kept a full charge after a week of no
Then I remembered hearing multiple times from multiple sources "NEVER pay more for cables, it's *always* a rip off.  The $30 cables and the $5 cables are the same thing, just the $30 ones have a name brand."

6748	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	They are batteries.

4718	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had my Blackberry 8800 since May of this year and I already dropped it several times but I am still lucky that it did not create dents on my phone but only very very very little. This case for my phone will help me protect it from dropping on the concrete and create a big dent or even break it to the nearest extent.  I consider this casing very reliable and absolutely incredible and good price.
7435	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Better than its newer versions, this one fits the ear more comfortably, and is super friendly to use. Do NOT charge it while the mouth piece is flipped out. Mine quit working after that.
pointer and small LED flashlight. If this device could act as a PPT slide
7086	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The cellphone it self is in good condition , but it was supposed to be unlocked and it was not, I had to pay extra money to get it unlocked, also I was not able to find a place in Amazon where I can tell this to the seller until now and it is too late to ask for my money, even so, I would have to pay a new shipping which I shouldn't since I didn't get the expected produce since the beggining, it is really desapointing.
4. Pairing with the RAZR is very easy. I've never had any issues once paired.

5955	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This charger is a handy device to have when you are out and about and your phone is running low or any device with a usb cable to charge with is running low on battery power.

Well still have the Jawbone and it continues to work great.  Use it all the time and continues to operate flawlessly.
7999	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works great with software from Samsungs website.  Also charges my phone from my laptop, which is conveinent.
That said, I had no hopes of these performing well in that area anyways and bought them for music listening. So for my purpose, they get 5 stars. I would love to one day find a nice pair of bluetooth headphones like these that actually work well for phone calls too.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Black-adapter/dp/B000WKS8QG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Black adapter</a>&nbsp;received from seller "Elago Design" (not this listing) - 5 stars:
I have been using this product for two months now and everything works fine.  I can recharge my iPhone and iPad multiple times (iPad only gets about  50% charge but that is not why I bought this device) whenever I am on the go without having to queue up to an AC outlet.  It is compact and fits easily into a pocket, glove box, center console, backpack or purse.  I never leave home without it.  I REALLY LIKE THIS DEVICE and many other reviewers are happy with it as well.
My iPhone 3Gs needed a new battery.  I researched all the options and videos about how to replace it and decided that this product would satisfy my needs for now.  My internal battery lasts about 4 hours and then I have to plug this in to recharge it.  My battery has such little reserve that this product charges it in less than an hour.  Typically, I don't even have to use the phone during this time, but if I do, the cord is no problem to have connected.  I can charge my phone at least 3 times before I have to recharge this product.
25	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great case if you love the bling.  I get a lot of compliments when I use this case.  Would recommend it if you like prissy & pink!



It's so well designed it surprised me at how well it functions too. You just don't see great style and functionality combined very often these days.
The setup was fairly straightforward and the menus intuitive.
724	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit. The Amazon car checker shows two different ones that fit. Of coarse i bought the wrong one first. Metra 72-4568 does not fit. The correct one is 72-4500 for the door speakers. Maybe the other one fits the rear quarter panel speakers. I don't know why they would be different. I am guessing that the Metra 72-4568 is for the rear 6 x 9 rear speakers. FYI. 1995 Blazer 2 door with factory 6 speakers.
------
1193	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect with out the shipping cost. I got mine for $12 Something plus shipped no and it came out to be like $15 something. Great price!
The delivery was prompt, the price was good and I'm ordering two more just in case.
5229	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works well and helps keep things organized, looks clean too!
Flimsy flip mechanisms in the phone's hinge,
I'm not sure why this phone isn't much more popular. I feel so much more at ease now that she has it, with a firm understand that it is for emergencies only!  *So much so that when I was calling her, she told her sitter she wasn't going to answer since it's only for emergencies. lol
try not to touch the back, hold it by the sides if possible. lay the phone flat on it's back for the next part. Center the protector to the screen and just let it drop onto it or place one edge on the screen and drop it. It should appear to be floating on screen since you will notice the air gap. Give it a few seconds and gravity should do it's job and simply suck all the air out from between the screen and the protector without touching it. Once it's done, you can use the cloth to get the prints and stuff off the screen. It's a perfect fit and I don't have any air bubbles on it.
Wilson manufactured the cradle up to its usual high standards and it looks good, so I'm very pleased there as well. The DC power adapter feels a bit cheesy, but that's really me being picky (btw, the DC adapter uses a non-standard USB cable to connect to the cradle which seems a bit strange, but it works). The adhesive tape dash mount option is not what I would choose to use, but is easily remedied (and probably with some items many of you already have from other installs). The antenna is a stubby one that attaches to the roof via magnet. If this is insufficient (e.g., you need more range) Wilson offers other antennas (such as their larger bumper- or mirror-mounted antennas).
But my main complaint is with the Aliph Jawbone company customer service itself-they are absolutely horrible. They advertise on their website that the Jawbone has a 1 year manufacture warranty to the end consumer. But, my Jawbone broke and when I contacted them about getting warranty service on it, they rudely informed me that they only provide warranties on units bought directly from their own website. If I bought from some other retailer, it has ZERO warranty! I'm not sure whether or not this is even legal, but do believe it reflects very poorly on the company that they don't even stand behind their own products.
The bottom line.  Same great RAZR.  Much better built quality.  Improved sound.  2 giant screens.  You cannot go wrong with this phone.  You get what you paid for.
4224	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice leather iPhone case.  Fits phone securely, looks great, and easy to snap on and remove.  I would recommend to others.

The battery life is great, but good battery life is pretty much a standard nowadays. It charges very quick with the wall charger it comes with, too. Can't say enough about this product.
Cons:

2000	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	the wind screen works great... the ear buds work, they are the same as the original, they aren't just the foam piece, its the whole adapter..... i'm buying 5 more packages before they quit making them for my 3 510's and my friends that use 510's...
The case is a hard plastic two-piece (the yellow part) and is covered after you put your phone in by a rubbery neoprene skin (the black part).
7365	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had a razor before so I knew what to expect and I was not disappointed.  When I could not make the phone send text messages or pictures to the internet.  I called the number given and a Technician walked me through setting up and changing settings and now it works beautifully...I love it.  I give it  five star rating and the company that sold it to me.


I returned this unit and have opted not to purchase another since the appropriate booster for my home would cost thousands.
  1 bar (-106dBm)
9696	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good as advertised.
c) The stereo headset uses a proprietary connector, so you can't use any other earphones

The case is lighter than I am use to but should protect the exterior enough from minor blows or drops.  Scratches don't stand a chance.
With that said, the 8700g does have its flaws.  Some minor and one very big one.


3)You can download games with the E715 whereas you cannot do so with the v205. Furthermore, the games are actually java with E715

2. Back from 00-02, I used one of the larger original email only BBerry's. Loved the email service then. Integration with a phone is top rate. And the new trackball to replace the old thumbwheel works great and feels natural.
-easier sim card access


What about background noise?  It did a nice job on a windy Boston day and when you which to maximum voice isolation it does a remarkable job with cutting out background noise and music.
I believe blue light 1 indicates IMP52D is charging a device, that is the battery pack is on AND a device is connected - both must be true for blue light 1 to illuminate -
He has an old S5 with a bad battery, but instead of buying him a new regular battery, I got this one instead, as a surprise.

8998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	iTroch IMP52D, It looks like a perfect travel battery when you need a charge on the go and I like the fact that it is pretty universal in what it can charge.

5054	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Shipping service is terrible.  Don't expect to receive your order for at least 2 weeks.  Product feels cheaply made, like the wire will snap at any moment, and above all, it does not work if you need all 4 channels.
The suction cup keeps it there - without fail! I can even leave it there when I place my full-windshield sunshield into position.
basic task. Form factor, for instance. The IMP52D is perfectly sized to
1) Just not enough RAM -
4. The mount also swivels which helps with power cord placement.
9684	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Pretty great price for a set of 5 395/S927W batteries. Needed to replace two watch batteries and my Walgreens was ripping me off. The batteries are packaged as pictured, and both of the ones I've used seem to be working perfectly thus far.
Just a note, MOT once again has a different charger for this piece, it is NOT a usb connecter, but a pin connector, oh and FYI, to plug it in, it has to be upside down, read the instructions first or you may be scratching you head trying to plug in the charger.


the only issue i had was the belt clip broke. i replaced it with the heavy duty one and all has been well.
9160	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have used this to charge my garmin nuvi, blackberry, motorola droid pro, Plantronics pro bluetooth headset, and iPod touch. It works reliably. I even leave it charging inside my computer bag with my phone as I go through the airport and on the train. Overall, I highly recommend this to keep your small devices charged. I have charged my droid pro several times with only one charge on the IMP500.
As others have observed, the fact that the task manager is the only way to terminate running applications is a real oddity. It is like building a car that does not have a reverse gear. How did this slip through the usability tests?
DO NOT fully drain and DO NOT charge iTorch while charging phone (devices).  Both could damage iTorch and reduce its life.  Also charge fully before the 1st use.  I learned it from New Trent's website after I made those mistakes.  I also learned that iTorch shuts off automatically if it nearly fully drained, instead of waiting until it is fully drained. Regardless, I wish these were noted on the manual.
During the same call I went ahead an attached the mic, annd continued to talk with the windows down and music up, and they could hear me crystal, and the feedback in my ear was gone as well.
8657	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This case is listed as "rubber feel" and that's about all the rubber you get :) These tend to be my favorite cases because that little bit of soft rubber-feel gives some extra bounce if/when you drop your phone. Any hard plastic cases I have had in the past have broken when dropped. These cases are a bit more durable/flexible. It -is- a thin plastic like most cases but adds a smooth finish which I think also keeps the phone from feeling slimy like other hard plastic cases can.
PRO's
John
I'm waiting on the driver to install properly on my laptop so we'll see if that works out, but since I already have the MicroSD adapter anyway, I don't really care for my purposes all that much if it does work or not.  It doesn't seem like it's an issue with the cord anyway.
2238	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	No problem with it works well
Galaxy or any similar size
Jabra BT5020 Vibrate Enable/Disable Reset the Device
Don't waste your money on this.
One more thought, if you are out and about outdoors a lot like I am this kit would be a great emergency addition if anything where to happen to you in a weak cell area. For now, until I can install it in my camper I am keeping it in my truck for the "just in case" situations. It even has a sporty handle on the original box to carry everything in!
- Smooth material

3639	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This case fit my AT&T Galaxy S II (SGH-I777) perfectly.  Which means if you have a phone case...it may not work (I have a Ballistic case/great case), or it might be a really, really tight fit (width wise) to get your phone into it.  For the price and fit I'd give it 5 stars, even though it won't work for me.
Holsters that are too tight get you in a TON of trouble when you need those tools out and with a maximum quickness.
5029	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this to work with the Thermodo temperature gadget so I could keep my iPhone case ON my iPhone and not have to remove it. This 3.5mm headphone adapter makes temperature readings with the Thermodo about 20 F lower than that it reds without the 3.5mm headphone adapter.
3729	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	perfect


A total waste of money.
Excellent product if you have multiple areas in your home or office where you set your Blackberry down. Keeps your Blackberry constantly at full charge.
For the $24.xx i paid total, this beats paying $6 per month for insurance on a phone. i miss the color display but i think i'm getting used to this. it doesn't have a camera but then again i never sent pix mssg, only received. so long as i can make calls and send text messages, i'm fine.
Strong, and long enough to use in case of a zombie attack
8585	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great on my Blackberry, keeps the phone at a viewable angle while charging.  No complaints very happy.




8327	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's been about a month since I got this phone and overall so far-so good. This is a PDA first, and a phone second. This isn't for the average person and requires some technical knowledge to operate, otherwise you will become completely frustrated.

4. It stands up most of the time! when I came into the office this morning it was on it's side but no biggie. I righted it and it was fine all day. The weighted base does make a difference and I think they made it as heavy as they could without taking away the portability feature.

I am planning on getting the Sony Ericson HiFi too for gaming and hitting the town. The HiFi can pair with multiple devices while this is one at a time. The BT3030 amazes people when they inquire to what it is, "shut up" is what I normally get or "coooool, that's an awesome device".
Other reviewers have cautioned about the headset breaking, so I just take very gentle care while handling it.  I suspect I won't have a problem with it falling apart.
So this time, I decided to see if I could do better.
5942	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This charger is pretty light and compact and packs a good charge.  I like the built in flashlight as well.  It comes in handy.
Cons:


using your iDevices or compatible phones by playing games or anything that
AWESOME RESOLUTION! After changing my feedback above to reflect my displeasure with the defect the seller contacted me and issued a full refund on the unit without me even asking. Can't beat that!

Boxwave replied to my query and said all are this way (no idea why the designers did not check to see if it worked).
The phone does not do call waiting, if you are on the line you will get a busy signal when someone else calls. You will get about 5 hours of talk time and about 1 week of standby time. The contacts are saved to the sim card, not the phone, so if you upgrade to a new phone you take all your contacts with you. If you change the sim card, you lose all your texts and contacts.

Test#2 charged 49% on an IPAD 1

-Screen needs better resolution & colors. currently 176x220 pixel resolution.
8822	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I don't know what revision/version I have bought since I bought mine in September of 2012, so probably not the latest version being sold.  The one I have has given me no problems to speak of it charged my Inspire 4g while out camping or sleeping out on a boat.  Temps ranging from 30F (super cold for Florida) to temps probably over 100 while down in the Keys.  Has sat in my truck in the summer where temps can easily hit over 120.  Nice compact size and the flashlight while not super bright is sufficient to respond to the call of nature while camping in the woods.  Downside would be it's only 1.0A output which was fine for my Inspire 4g but can't put out enough power for my Oppo Find7a and it's bigger screen so the phone discharges while in use on this battery pack, albeit at a slower rate of course. I didn't take a star off for this because the product clearly states 1A output.  Durability wise it's been dropped and tossed around and aside from some of the wording on the back coming off it's fine.
643	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	However, a seller said it was the same, I did some analyses. the formula is actually contain different mixtures in scenes. Not the same. buyer be ware

  This breathed fresh life into my env! I now get 5 days battery life again, meaning I can go an entire week with light usage and only charge it on the weekends or once overnight when I remember to.  It also *rarely* crashes now. ** By replacing my battery, I feel like I have a brand new phone.  The seller was fast, the battery is awesome.  It *is* silver, and my phone is orange, but I don't mind.  Also this battery is a slightly bit larger than the stock battery, I believe.  It is actually pretty awesome because as I look at my phone, I realize that the dimensions extend the battery physically in such a way that the back of the phone is flush with the camera, so there is no wobble when it sits screen-up.  I think the oem battery, at least in my version, was flush to the base of the phone, not the camera lense, so there was wobble.  Although I might be wrong.
Since hard resetting at random intervals was hardly an acceptable way to go about business, I called Motorola for support.  Without so much as a single step of troubleshooting I was told to contact the phone manufacturer, HP.
* Doesn't work well under windy condition
9505	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was a skeptic....but this really works.  Purchased for my Mom who had "emergency calls only" to one bar of service with ATT inside her home.  We live in a very rural area.  She could get one or two bars outside in the spring and summer and 3 in the fall and winter.  Installed the Wilson product in her living room and she now has 3 to 4 bars all year inside her home.  Range is good, keeps signal pretty much through her whole house, although closer to the receiver is obviously better.  Would recommend to anyone looking to help with cell signal.
When I'm at work and at home my phone is always charged.  But when I'm out and about - that's when it's always draining on me.  This happens most often when I'm bored, as mentioned above.  For example: boring church, long flights, waiting for the concert to start (they ALWAYS are late), boring conferences, or everyone's favorite, boring meetings.  I even use this thing when I'm camping.  Concerts are a big one though.  I like to get there early and get a good seat.  And then I hit my phone to pass the time.  Then the show starts, and I want to snap a pic. D'oh!  The phone's dead.  Murphy's Law dictates that that's EXACTLY when I miss a call, too.  Solution: all I have to do is plug into the iTorch, and I've got plenty of juice in 20-30 minutes. This thing will get your iPhone fully charged in just over an hour.  And the lithium ion battery means you can charge it over and over again without having to fully deplete it and risk the life of the battery.

  1 bar (-106dBm)
I would like to take a moment to thank Amazon for
3515	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I own a mobile device repair shop and this item is absolutely top notch. Works perfectly. Exactly as described!!
However, it is absolutely wonderful for podcasts of AM talk radio. I listen to that stuff all the time--and now I can do it in any environment. Best of all in this type of application, you can remove the stereo earbud and you have a single-ear bluetooth cellphone headset that can also receive A2DP signals from your phone--the only mono device I'm aware of that can do this.
7985	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had my phone a couple weeks and love it!  I am still learning the features of the phone, but I am pleased to have so much loaded into such a small device.  The call quality is great.  The photo and video quality is good.  Plus TV and radio!  I added a 2G micro SD card and have lots of storage.  This is a great phone.  I am happy I purchased it and will recommend it to others.
3188	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Git for my caregiver it still works to increase your signal strength.
Before I go into the phone's list of features let me say that I found the "feel" of this phone to be solid, unlike the Razors on the market that feel as if they are going to crumble in my hands. I thought that the small screen was going to be a hinder but I find the graphics and overall screen resolution superior and easily readable.


In summary I returned the headset and spent my money on a Plantronics which works very well and the sound is very good.
9210	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The stores was too high your was just right. That is the kind i alway wanted and the prize was right
It is hard to turn on and off.  You pretty much have to take it off to do this because the button is so tiny, but the button to answer/make calls is easy to get to and in a good location.  So far it has had good battery life.  I charge it overnight and wear it for 8-10 hours each day.  I highly recommend it.
6284	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After one month of testing, I can say it's a good product but not perfect. Once it didn't want to charge my phone (Samsung Focus), I'm not sure if it was because the battery was so low that it was almost impossible for this charger to sustain my phone's needs at that moment. It last 3 to 5 charges until it dies. In general I'm happy with this product.
8328	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is really a great phone.  The one Amazon sells is the US Warranty version and mine does not suffer from any of the plagues people mention online.  I believe the Asian versions are the ones with the problems.  I would have given the phone a perfect rating if it somehow incorporated a QWERTY keypad.  Maybe by tilting it over and sliding it up.  Otherwise, the camera/video recorder is where this phone really shines.  The built-in Xenon flash and auto-focus assist really makes the difference in your pictures.
Not particularly helpful,


1904	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've tried several Motorolas, and numerous other brands. This one is probably my favorite so far. Good range, good sound quality, stays on the ear, and is very comfortable. This is the only one i've come across that i can wear all day without it bothering me. You can swivel it while it's on your ear (about 30 degrees) to find the optimal position. I use one position for longterm comfort, and another position for maximum stability - in this latter position, it is anchored to my ear so i can move my head around without fear of it falling off (it annoys me when i'm wearing one and i tilt my head to look under a table or something and my headset falls off).
2611	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I really don't have a lot of time. That is why I shop online, So if I'm purchasing an item that is to be used to make life more convenient, like a Bluetooth headset, it really is obnoxious to receive one that is "worse than sucks". This item did not even charge. Plantronics really needs to pull this item because it is really damaging to their reputation to have this out there for sale. I choose Plantronics because as a Regional Sales Manager/Road Warrior, I've always had luck with Plantronics. Too bad that this one was a lemon.
Indoor set up time: 10 minutes
8458	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good radio for the price.  I boat on a river so the broadcast strength is more than adequate. I don't get it set so I can't speak to its water resistance.
Pros:
The Motofone F3 is just a phone and text messenger. it uses an E-INK display, that you now are seeing in products like the Amazon Kindle and others, so the idiot who says "it isn't color" fails to notice the obvious.
If you have a full body shield on your phone, it can peel off while removing the case.

Overall, I am SO thrilled with these headphones. I always found the single-ear Bluetooth headsets to look a little ridiculous, so I was all too eager to get a stereo set of Bluetooth headphones that didn't look odd or awkward. These headphones ARE large, but they're solidly made, and look like an expensive, high quality piece of audio equipment. I love them, and would buy them again in a heartbeat.
5898	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	its good thank you
352	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This device is a life-saver. Well, at least an S5 saver.  My phone,  with the Lollipop upgrade, was sucking battery like a newborn. Worn this case/battery,  I can now go all day. Also,  it doesn't add that much weight. Thanks,  PowerBear!
bottom line, this device works well and the audio quality is fine.
3.  The buttons are horrible.  I have pretty good tactile perception, but I can never seem to hit the right button or even FIND them without taking the headset off my ear.  Bad design there.
7541	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works very well
5551	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	[...]
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.
3: Portability and Ease of Use

8887	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this charger before going on a trip. It was able to charge my phone on low battery and two friends phones on one charge. I had to send them both one when we returned home because they said they couldn't live without it. I highly recommend this charger!
I highly recommend this for any phone that can fit in it. Get two so you have a back up. :)
3819	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love this skin; it protects my Blackberry Pearl all the time and the price was OUT OF SIGHT compared to $12 and $14 at your Tmobile stores.
5977	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It would be hard to do without this especially if you travel. Extra handy if you do presentations when you need a laser pointer, has a flashlight to. It has enough juice to charge a cell phone three times.
Pros:
971	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This headset is very uncomfortable, and does not get as good a battery life as the Motorola's or Jabra's. Spend an extra $20 or so and get something you'll use more than twice. This is really disappointing as Plantronics makes really good wired headsets.
8288	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The item itsself is fine.  Quality is OK.  Problem is that it does not fit the Motorola Razr V3.  The case is 3/4 inch too long and the phone flops around in the case.  Also, it's too deep.  Once down in the case, the phone is hard to get out.  Quality is fine - just doesn't fit the phone.  I'll have to find another use for the case.
2966	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The unit arrived about a week ago and hooked up quite well.  Unfortunately it was wrapped in bubble wrap and cardboard that has a horrible musty and damp smell to it that I can't seem to get rid of.  these were in a storage area with alot of humidity and they are making me nauseous.  I'm going to try to mask the smell, but I think they are going back.  amazon shouldn't be selling this in such a manner.
- Earbud (rubber) comes off a bit too easily.
MISC COMMENTS
However, the v188 failed at even being a basic phone for me, as reception was notably worse than my Samsung X105 (which I've just gone back to after a few months of using the v188), and it got especially horrible when friends who also had T-Mobile picked up Motorola V330s.
2557	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits well on my AT&T Galaxy Note. Some holes might be a little at the microphone but no big deal. Dropped my phone once and it gave cushion to the fall. Thank god..


Overall, for the price being charged I knew I couldn't expect much. Coming for an Otterbox Defender case for my other phone, the DuoSuit provides on the minimumal protection against bumps and low-level drops. But considering the Galaxy Note is such a large, thin phone I will be surprised if any cases will be able to provide adequate protection.
6473	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	loving the booster's boost! I coupled it with a directional antenna for my motorhome and they get 4 or 5 bars - without this setup I'd get 0 to one bar...

7254	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this to replace my aging Ericsson travel phone, and I am totally happy with it.
other positive reviews are correct;
390	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My new battery life is considerably better.  Love the fit, and the case and screen protector are a very nice bonus!
730	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great case for my daughters oboe. We had one for 4 years and the bag looks like new but the zippers were shot so bought another. It has a great front pocket that holds all of her sheet music and extra reeds.
The only improvements I could suggest is to have dedicated on/off switches for the flashlight / laser pointer features.  Using the same button for 3 functions is a little complicated and not ideal.  Also while not an issue for me, I could understand if some users would prefer for the device to ship with a wall charging cable.
bulky
+ GPS, Wifi, bluetooth
I like 665 as much as I like 655+.  The fit is comfortable and secure with the ear loop.  The sound quality is good on both ends. The battery life is sufficient for me I charge it once every two-three days.
3279	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Not a good product. The main reason for my purchase was to use the kickstand. However, the kickstand is very difficult to operate. It cannot be opened very easily and is not a comfortable accessory. The customer service from Boxwave is horrible. They made a bad product and instead of an easy return they wanted me to pay the return shipping. Thanks to Amazon customer service for their A to Z guarantee and reimbursing my money. So in a nutshell, I would not advise buying this case.
4977	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my Bose headphones and it doesn't mess with the quality or anything. Fantastic!
9412	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This product works like a gem, I was struggling with 1-2 stars in my basement. Now I get a consistent 3-5 stars! My only negative is any (and I mean any) obstruction (tv, wall unit, dresser, etc) will weaken the signal. So you want to place the inside antenna in an area that you frequently use the phone, other than that it works as advertised!!! Clear as a bell and never have to ask...can you hear me anymore!!!
The only reason I didn't give this product 5 stars is that it advertised being able to improve the cell phone signal up to 1500 sq. ft.  The desk antenna has to be within 3 to 4 feet of the phone for any signal improvement. Having said that, IT WORKS and it is well worth the investment and you can use it with both Verizon and AT&T phones.
Pros:
The display, although narrow, is bright and sharp. The sound is good, and it interfaces well with my Bluetooth earpiece and Palm device. The phone is very lightweight and slim.  I dropped it a few times but the case didn't scratch or crack.  The pink IS pretty, and has little red "jewels" between the number keys (other color models have different color jewels).  The speaker phone option works well and is clear to hear. The slider is a little unusual to work at first, but works very nicely. Sony Ericsson phone support is SUPER, too.
Cons
1059	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I am interested in RF and EMF.
4034	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little product is awesome !!
Motorola's operating system is, in my opinion, clear and intuitive.  I've never found a system to be easier- the only one that's been nearly as easy was Nokia's, to give a perspective.  Icons are easy to interpret, commands are simple to issue to the phone, and with the TransFlash card installed, there's only a theoretical limit to the number of photos or videos you can store and take with you in your pocket.
7978	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The Navigon 4.3" case is quite large for the Garmin Nuvi 200W.  It really is too big for this GPS.
While I was waiting for the Amazon shipments, I used it on the replacement phone, and the very first time I dropped it, the bottom edge became badly scratched. I'll upload a picture.
4375	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this for years and keep buying it to make gifts for my friends and family. Look at the price and really is a very good deal
4465	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This was the OEM Nokia data cable. Works great with the phone. Seems to be durable. Does the job well.
1254	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	What a bargain.
6807	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great!!!
2349	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Lasted no time at all
I used to have a dock and use a standard 3.5mm cable to the aux-in and whatnot but the convenience of just getting in the car and hitting Play on the remote is just awesome. It comes with a lil' strap/holder so you can mount the remote on your steering wheel if you want btw (I velcro'd it down so it looked sleeker and less aftermarket tho).
The bad.....The Mobile 6 OS is designed for right handed people and as of now there is no way to move the scroll bar to the left of the screen. Keep that in mind if you plan on using the stylus with your left hand that your hand will cover the screen when you use the scroll bar. Next, the memory should have been a bit higher than 64mb because there is some lag when changing the view to panoramic, and running multiple programs. I did add a 2GB micro sd card for storage which I'd recommend. The "speaker phone" is also a issue for me. I wish it was louder because it's very hard to hear if there is any background noise(like while riding in a car). The voice dialing is also pretty useless because the phone seems to always misunderstand the names you announce to dial and you have to hurry and hit the end button otherwise the phone will automatically dial the wrong person. My LG9800 was much better at voice dialing and you didn't have to manually speak and save every persons name in your phonebook! The LG was automatic(it had a text to speech function). The Bluetooth has to be refreshed quite often and doesn't connect automatically, you must turn on the bluetooth on your phone first. Even after you set it up, it seems to randomly disconnect the settings a couple of times a week. The camera(2.0 megapixel) seems to take washed out photos. Maybe I need to play with the settings a bit more but my old LG (1.3mp) definitely took better photos. The camera is also slow to take photos. Also, no lens cover for the lens filter.

using your iDevices or compatible phones by playing games or anything that
3000	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The car charger works very well with the iphone G, and GS.  You can't beat the price
9454	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So, here is what you WANT to know about this thing.
2604	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This headset exceeded my expectations. I particularly like the fit and feel of the Explorer 330. It is light and comfortable and can be worn all day without difficulty. And the small rubber earpiece fits comfortably inside your ear and keeps the device from flopping around when you turn your head.
6774	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described.  Good value.
9873	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like it very much.  I'ts everything it should be.  I would order again.


1405	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Plantronics makes great products I have no complaints
2581	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Over the past couple of years I have had a variety of cell phones:  Motorola Q, Treo, VX7000, Razor.  The Chocolate is by far the best of the bunch.  Here is why:

8419	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I got this for my iphone, and again ship on time, love that, but it dose not stay put  in my car, so no good.
4109	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	There's not much I can add to the headline, except that it could be improved with some kind of screen protection... but I guess that's what those stick-on sheets are for. The skin will give you a better grip, add a bit of needed bulk, and protect your phone. If you have a Blackberry, you can't afford NOT to protect it, and this one is probably the last one you'll ever need. Save yourself some heartache and just buy it.
Overall, this technology still is not ready for primetime but this product performs adequately compared with the two other headsets I have tried.
5975	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So far so good. Glad I made this purchase. I've only used it a couple times so far but seems to work as described. No complaints


Originally bought from Bestbuy for the purpose of connecting it to my PS3 and playing Call of Duty 4.
My only question is about the light on the unit. When compared to my Photon LED keychain, it is not as bright. With 5200mAh at your disposal, why not put a brighter LED in the battery pack? It seems like an after-thought to include a flashlight at all, I would like to see it brighter or done away with completely. Then again, I did not buy this for the flashlight so it will get minimal use from me.

Also -- just for background -- I've been through a number of hands-free devices over the years. I've bought and used 4 different Bluetooth headsets with varying degrees of success; some work, some don't. I've had 1 or 2 decent headsets, but don't like wearing them and often forget them. They've also been -- in my experience -- a little problematic to operate; some don't work with all phones, for example, and often you have to repeat pairing on a weekly basis to keep the device working with your phone. Some have poor battery life. Some have numerous accessories -- like charging stands and power supplies -- that make them really not that small or self-contained. Then there's the fit issue; some of the ones that clip over your ear are uncomfortable, while some of the ones that use an earbud to fit into your ear are too loose -- you get the picture...
I still give it solid 5 stars as the cons don't effect me much.
Thanks
Overall, I have been very impressed with this.
9599	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was hesitant to buy this booster because a neighbor who has a cell card on a different network has a zboost booster and it does nothing for my cell card when at his place but I got this Wilson based on reviews and don't regret it. My neighbor brought his cell card over and it boosted his card way more than the zboost and we both have our antennas mounted on the roof.

6179	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the most sound investments I've ever made.  A few times since I've had the power pack it has saved me from being without a phone.  It charges electronic devices (my new iPhone 5 in particular) about twice the speed of a normal charger.  It's lightweight and so small it fits into a cup holder, purse, pocket, glove box, almost anywhere you can think of.  Because it's USB  you can charge any cell phone and many other electronics.  It charges my new iPhone from empty to full 2+ times before needing its own recharge.  One of the things I really love about this is I can have it at home for whenever a need a super-fast charge or it's affordable to even have a second so I can just leave it in my glove box for an emergency.  When I bought this two of the features I didn't know it had was a laser pointer, great for teaching and a super-bright and flashlight, again great for that emergency.  The charger itself is super easy to re-charge, you can charge it via an electrical outlet and you can also charge it using your computer's USB.  Looks like I have most of my Christmas shopping done just buying a few more of these.
If add it from their website (most of time it ends up ERROR and ask you to call the service representative), the webpage asks a lot of unnecessary information, then sends hundreds digits you have to key in to your cell phone.
My wife really liked the ability to change the look of her phone.



838	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I use this daily. It does work well, but is doesn't talk to you like most headsets do. It just says that is is connected, doesn't tell you what device it is connected to or how much battery is remaining. The design of the neck band is great, it kind of grips your neck softly and doesn't flop around like the LG one does. The light for on/off is super small, so I often accidentally leave it on and the battery drains.
Call Sound Quality: Callers sound better through the Jabra than the phone earpiece or speakerphone. Regarding the outgoing sound, I was a little doubtful that the mic would work well hanging on my chest, but the people I've been talking to all said I sound very clear, and better than on the speaker. I haven't had to talk to my chest, as other reviewers have.
I liked the shape and how it fits in my hand. High quality look is a plus.  Pouch provides protection against scratches.  Light weight & small size makes it portable.  It makes pocket bulky and depends on the pocket size, but wasn't too bad to carry both phone and iTorch.  Flashlight & laser pointer are nice and they could come handy, but I didn't find them useful.  Flashlight wasn't that bright, but could be used in emergency.  I'd rather not have flash & laser pointer if it can be cheaper.
2. The browser is archaic and does not support JAVA apps. However, RIM will come out with newer OS versions which one can install on their phones for free and which will address these issues. Till then you can use free browsers like Opera mini which rocks!
delivered pretty rapidly through the regular mail. and powers my htc inspire 4G and iphone 4G
2 negatives - #1 single button can EASILY be pushed accidentally.  #2 - nowhere in item description does it indicate that it will last for 500 charges (as stated in user manual)
9985	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Both Amazon's product description AND the Nokia website say that this phone has pop3, etc, email.  Amazon's description mentions it several times.
Since the set up, we've been consistently at 3 bars, not the complete 5 that we wished we can have but it's definitely better reception than what we had before.  Would definitely rec!

4343	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this product sight-unseen as I had a similar case for my T-Mobile Sidekick III and really liked it.  What arrived was a nicely-packaged and beautiful case.  The problem is...  it was OBVIOUSLY not designed for the Apple iPhone.  It was too wide by far and the iPhone rattles around, although it does fit top to bottom.
I would never recommend buying this headset or any other made by Aliph.
The only difficulty is unpluging he charger.  You need to be real careful not to bend the connectors.
-While on T-Mobile you can be browsing the web and also receive an incoming voice call (though you cannot continue to browse - the key is that it doesn't send people to your Voicemail). I believe this is a function of the GSM technology that T-Mobile and Cingular operate under.

Note...  I gave 5 stars because I got exactly what I expected to get. No more, and no less.



5676	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really convenient charger. Low profile, the phone drops right into it and is charged by contact points on the back of the phone. My only problem is I think I was sent a pink charger. It is a VERY subtle hue of pink so it doesn't bother me, and it just be silver. Either way, I highly recommend this product.
6662	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have installed several of these for customers in low signal areas, and I have to say it is amazing! My last install the customer was getting one bar and also used a Verizon mobile hot spot for internet. Not only did the cell reception improve dramatically, so did her internet speed! Easy to install and set up, I can't recommend this product enough!
6084	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this charger because my phone dies at work before the day is over.  This very conveniently fits inside my pocket and is not uncomfortable.  The laser pointer and flashlight are an added bonus that have come in use for presentations at work.  One of the better things I like about this charger is the micro usb input that is the same as all of my other devices.  I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone.
Lastly: Mine is just about destroyed, because of a slight drink mishap. Nothing seems to be wrong with device other than...it stops working from time to time, and I sometimes have to clean the ports with a small amount of water to get it to work again..just very annoying.

While the red laser and super bright led lights on the device might come in handy in certain situations, since I wanted battery for charging my phone, I probably won't use them and deplete the battery for lighting very often.
- Nearly perfectly cut for the ORIGINAL Galaxy Note 10.1.
1365	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
9959	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered the wrong battery.  I can't actually test the battery.  It arrived quickly.  Didn't bother to send it back, it's inexpensive, not worth the bother.
Pairing - instant and flawless
This case holds the phone comfortably yet securely. It has a nice professional appearance, is soft and supple, lined, and has a strong clip, although the clip is not ratchetable, nor does it have a spring to open and close it easily.  The pouch covers about three-quarters of the phone and a complete fold-over flap protects the phone while riding on your hip.
1491	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	First off; this thing is huge. And it's not something that you're going to easily fit in your pocket, it doesn't fold up well.

The price is high and I recommend getting a case.  Amazon lists it as coming with a leather case, but I did not receive one. (**update: Amazon did in fact send me a case for the phone after I inquired about it.  It didn't fit though.  I ended up paying almost 30.00 for one at the Cingular store.) As of yet, they have not got back to me regarding that matter.  A little deceptive about what comes with it, (cases are expensive) but it does not take anything from the phone itself.
The only issue I have so far (as pointed out by others) is that these are a bit uncomfortable on the ears and area just behind your ears. Also, because of the plastic behind your neck, there is some restriction to your movement of your head up and down which may be an issue while working out.


412	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	feels good to touch, isn't slick so it won't slip out of your hands. it has a matte finish. the first few times I dropped it out of my own clumsiness i broke one of the fingers that keep it on. lasted for about 8-15 drops before it wasn't usable anymore. It served its purpose and looked good doing it.

2995	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned a number of phones over the course of the last couple of years.  Recently (within the last 3 months) I have tried the Samsung, Chocolate and LG VX8600.
- Flashlight and Laser pointers won't be used all the time but they are a
The Blackberry Pearl has a smaller screen and keyboard.  The SDA has those problems plus a poor reaction time when leaving and entering coverage areas.  The MDA is just a bad cell phone.  (And let's not even talk about the Sidekick.) The Blackberry 7100t has the smaller keyboard and is simply a less powerful and slower smartphone.
9104	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just so you know, this DOES NOT come with an AC adapter. Use your Iphone/Ipad... AC adapter to charge it.
This claims to cover 2500 sq ft, and we have an 1800 sq ft house... but it doesn't cover the whole thing very well. When you're in the basement in the room beside where it is, it works great (5 bars)... but if you go into the first floor and away from the center of the house, you sometimes drop down to 1-2 bars.
7918	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Useless and doesn't work for plugging in paypal pay here. Why make a product that doesn't work?
231	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	QUE COSA TAN MALAAAAA!!!
6575	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I live in a rural area with marginal cell phone reception and had high hopes for this unit.  Unfortunately, I ended up disappointed.
2) Charger - Not thrilled about the charger/carrying case, but if it helps keep the size of the headset down, I can't complain too much. I feel compelled to get my wife to buy one, just so we'd have two chargers around the house - one for upstairs and another downstairs. They're cheap enough, so why not?
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.
7509	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I paid $40 at Frys.  Great product for the money.  I have a Treo 750.  My wife has an iPhone 3G.  Both *automatically* reconnect to this thing reliably (and we also have bluetooth speakerphones in our cars).  Hard to believe.  There are a few things I'm not so sure of.  First, I don't think there's a way to tell which cell phone is ringing the home phone system - distinctive ring for Cell 1 vs Cell 2 would be great.  Also, I don't think name information is passed from either phone, although the phone number is.  Last, it would be great if you could specify how many times to ring the 'home phone' system -- my wife is often in-and-out of the house and absolutely hates her cell bound messages ending up on the home phone system; instead, if you could specify, only ring the home phone three times, then our answering machine wouldn't pick up the cell calls.  It also doesn't let you turn OFF automatic reconnect for one of the cell phones -- that would help for my wife -- as she'd prefer to just turn on the connection when she knows she'll be in the house all day.




CONS



7684	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ive bought this last April and the phone is serving me well as a second phone for personal (non-business) number.
We stayed about 3 feet apart side by side facing the same direction.

4) The next one works absolutely perfect, like the first one I got.  :-) If you buy one and it does not perform as expected (or breaks), try exchanging it for a new one first, rather than assuming it doesn't work well.  Trust me... this headset works VERY well!
- No 3G
I was in Costco in December 2007 and I saw a Jabra SP505 on sale for $64.00. I had never seen this model before so I whipped out my iPhone, did some quick research and bought the unit. I got back to my car, plugged in the provided charger and quickly started making calls to multiple friends and family. Everyone I spoke with said the sound quality was excellent on their end. From my end, the SP5050 is far and away, hands down the BEST bluetooth speakerphone I've ever used. It's LOUD and it sounds great.
Overall, an excellent headset!
I would say if you're on the fence, do it.
3500	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a really good case, I have one on a different phone and it is super. I have dropped my phone many time's and no problems at all. I have taken my phone out of the case just to look at it and I don't even have a scratch on it. Great seller fast shipping no problems at all.
The V600's color screen is wonderfully clear and the pre-loaded ringtones are very nice. I don't really use the camera feature, but the few times that I fooled around with it found that it took decent pictures. Finally, I was concerned about the V600's size until I actually had it in my hand. While it is a little bit bigger than the V66, it is not much bulkier. I still wear it around my neck.



6439	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've purchased two of these, one to replace my jawbone and one for my network technician.  I have not soaked it in beer, buried it in sand, nor gone swimming with it.
6. Fast connection to bluetooth compatible phone. Works great with iPhone 3G.
1031	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This sticker is a jock, does nothing to improve signal. I think that at 0.01 plus 4.00 usd shipping is a RIP OFF. You are better off buying something more expensive that works.
1382	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The cards arrived quickly and were well packed.  I am pleased at the price and the service.  One thing that would have made this even better is if they had provided some instructions on how to activate the cards.  At first, I went to the AT&T site and had an online chat session with one of their support folks who said that I had to take the card and the phone to an AT&T store to get them activated.  This plan would not work well for my particular situation so I dug further.  Fortunately, I was able to derive what I needed to do but going through the reviews which is go to [...] and under "Shop", select "Wireless" then select "Prepaid GoPhone Plans".  On the next screen, select "Activate Account" (actually the "Activate Now" button under "Activate Account").  On the next screen, start typing in your phone's information under "To Begin Activation, Enter Your SIM Card Number" and follow the rest of the process.
It fits nicely in the palm, has a single button on the front, and a bulb on either side of the input and output ports on top.

3542	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As like all Otterboxes are, its unbeatable. The quality is visible, the colors are great!
2: turn on the BT3030
  d.  Fits in jean pocket and comes with a case
Easily customizable but items that I never use (media mall, media net, etc.) remain in a prominent place and can not be put in some obscure location.
Other things to note on transmitters:

4460	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a good replacement for the original Nokia CA179 USB data cable. I wanted a spare and the CA 179 was not available at the time. The CA-101 is basically the same cable but perhaps a little longer. It works fine with the phone and was less expensive and easier to obtain. Nokia does for some reason make a lot of cables that are interchangable and this was a good replacement for me.
2990	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Yes, it looked fancy and pretty. what's why I bought this.
Cons:
Also interesting that when I told them I had relieved the loop problem with a custom bent paper clip, they never asked to see it.  They don't seem interested in improving the feel of this product on the ear.
  Speedtest: 230ms ping, .4 - .55 Mbps data transfer
1332	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I switched from a Samsung E715, which was a great phone.  As this is my only phone, I need reliability, so I did quite a bit of research, and went ahead and bought it.
Easy to pair

Many reviewers of this and other models seem to dislike the multi-function button.  Well, it's a single button, and it's used to perform multiple functions.  Sometimes you press it for a few seconds, sometimes you just tap it.  I primarily use it for 'on' and 'off'.  'On' takes about 2 seconds, and 'off' takes about 5 or 6 seconds (although I have to admit, it seems to take just a bit longer than I'd prefer...) to turn off.  I'm not sure why some would complain about this feature, as most phones have one...
82	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Shipping on time.  We'll packaged.  Charges like a champ! Definitely will rapid charge the Galaxy 3 with no problems.  Definite must have with a phone happy teenager
+ the nokia PC suite (free on Nokia.com) can convert any music/video format for your phone, and i was surprised by the movie quality.
So far it has been working as advertised. It has been in constant use for over a month we have not had any problems and our foreman has loved it. It really does seem to be a rugged ear piece and seems to have a good battery life as well.
8060	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've owned two previous Motorola bluetooth speakerphones for my automobile and both of them sucked. They sounded bad AND they weren't nearly LOUD enough to use while your are driving at highway speeds and running the heating/cooling system.

6673	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	A difficult choice for those looking for a cellular booster for their home is whether to purchase the zBoost YX545 Wireless Extenders or the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster. The zBoost is #1 on Amazon in the celluar signal booster category while the Wilson Electronics Desktop Booster is #2.
After using it over six months, I had a few times the bluetooth function lock up the phone, screen turn into bright white. Only way to get out that state is to take out the battery.  Not easy to do when you driving.

The display, although narrow, is bright and sharp. The sound is good, and it interfaces well with my Bluetooth earpiece and Palm device. The phone is very lightweight and slim.  I dropped it a few times but the case didn't scratch or crack.  The pink IS pretty, and has little red "jewels" between the number keys (other color models have different color jewels).  The speaker phone option works well and is clear to hear. The slider is a little unusual to work at first, but works very nicely. Sony Ericsson phone support is SUPER, too.


SUPER DUPER GREAT PRODUCT, GO FOR GOLD, YOU'RE IN IT TO WIN THIS IS IT AND DO IT WELL BUY THIS ITEM! 19 WORDS TO FILL THE REVIEW WOOT! WOOT!
Compared to similar offerings, the Motorola Q is much slimmer and lightweight.  I was attracted to its functionality, its looks, and its potential to do what I needed done.  The voice and sound qualities of the phone exceed my expectations as does the built in camera.  I have not yet tried to use the music aspects but that was not important to me in my selection.  The full QWERTY keyboard is easy to use compared to others in this class and the interface to the internet is very easy to manipulate.  Its voice recognition component has been outstanding so far.  The standard battery has been so functional to this point, that I have not even charged the extended battery.
The color in the photo for this item is inaccurate--OD Green is not olive. OD Green is a muted leaf-green. To see accurate coloring, check out the Maxpedition website.

4496	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is great if you want more than just phone calls on your headset.
Speakerphone not that loud
9818	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I install them in watches and the watches start working again which tells me these batteries work. when used in my personal watches I know I will get a good 2-3 years life from them.
This neat little system really cleaned things up. Now we have one cable instead of a bunch, and the unit itself is quite attractive, with blue LED lights softly glowing. Although it has a travel case, I don't think I will bring it on travel. It comes with a set of tips for different devices. The only downside is that I still had to go and buy a couple of tips separately, at around $10 each. This can add up over time, but I have the same problem with my iGo travel charger and don't see any way around it. Overall a clever solution to clean up clutter.
1997	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Overall it is a very good recharger.  Having the space to charge an extra battery is a welcome addition.
3115	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Writeright Universal Screen Protectors - just the right thickness and durability for digital camera screens. You can't go wrong at here.
8. Not easy to adjust the earloop to a comfortable and snuggle position. At a reasonable snuggle and comfortable position, the mic points to my nose instead of my mouth.
5414	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	After a week of use, the tip, fuse and ring simply fell apart inside the cigarette lighter.  Can't get it back together.  Needless to say I am disappointed!
1813	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Summary:


I DON'T LIKE:
Update: the IMP52D will fully recharge a depleted battery (1420 mAh) on my iPhone 4 twice before needing a recharge itself - when I attempted to recharge my iPhone a third time, the IMP52D was able to raise the charge from 15% to 25% before it quit - also, it takes the IMP52D about an hour to recharge my iPhone -



2075	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The best place in my house for reception is the third floor attic of my townhouse. I receive 1/2 bar at best on the ground floor where the line often goes dead, but 1.5 bars and consistent reception in the attic.



then the iphone...and as far as I'm concerned the call
The item looks identical to the one from CRONUZ. The only additional concern with this adapter is that I can't get the headphones to plug into this without using A LOT of force.  I did force them in to test the sound quality, but I don't plan on using this cord again. Also, because the 2 white adapters look identical, I would think this is a problem you might encounter no matter who you order from.
I will not buy a Samsung phone again. My phone MUST sync immediately and completely with whatever computer I have whether Mac, Windows, or Linux; currently the one I have is a Mac. Hello: Mac, Samsung, communitcate!! My previous phone, the SE T610, synched its contact list flawlessly to my Mac. The Samsung t809 database file type is currently incompatible with iSync. Don't believe claims on this or other websites saying the t809 sync's with Macs.
Pros:
is better than a multilingual tome.
Unfortunately, on the day I had had my phone for a year, it started acting up on me. It was with deep regret I sent it in to get a replacement phone. Since I was so very happy with my N95, I spent the money on getting another one. This time, I went for the third generation, with 8G storage built in.

-Compact
First Impressions: The iTorch is very well made... it has a nice solid feel to it... it does not feel cheap at all. The bonus is that it has a flashlight built in and a laser pointer. I do not do many presentations where I would use a laser pointer... but my Kitty loves the little red dot... so its a nice kitty toy too! The iTorch measures 4 long x 1.75 wide, so its pretty small and very portable!
4882	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Wish I had bought the H700.  Had one, lost it.  Bought the H710 because I thought it was the same with minor technical upgrade.  No discernable difference when using.
1306	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Not a big fan of motorola headset and motorola cell phones.  They both stink including this headset.
969	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For the price this is a great Headset, I use the 510 headset from plantronics, and bought this one for my wife. She really don't use it much, but I've linked it up to 2 different cell phones and my laptop, worked great. It is a little bulkier and heavier than the 510. Other than that it is simple and is a great buy if you don't need the multilink capability of the 510.
Battery is heavier than expect. However, I did give my phone a charge to test it out and it did the job. Returned it though because there's no way of indicating how much charge I have in the battery.
The iFuel is small enough to carry in your pocket. It even has the capacity to almost fill up my iPad as well as plenty of charges for my iPhone.
**UPDATE November 30th, 2007**

Summary: More convenient than a wired headset, but with about the same range. Can't complain for the price.

1248	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was stunned. After 2 plantronics (a 320 and a 330) I was tired of earhooks that came loose and dropped calls. I thought it was my provider when my calls got dropped consistently in the same areas on my drive to/from work. But this headset is phenomenal! maybe one dropped call in a week... And the off/on operation is great! Open/close the boom to turn off/on! I love this headset... and I don't say that often
8486	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Este radio es bien practico, lo utilizo para actividades Offroad logrando comunicarme con vehiculos que van mas adelante o detras
  I also use the device for Playstation 3. It paired easily to the Playstation. On the first attempt to use the device i found that for some reason it was clipping badly, almost as if it was sampling at a very very low rate. Other players stated i was unintelligible. I gave up and decided to try again another day.

4737	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received the item that I ordered very timely. Item was all it was reported to be. Very satisfied with my purchase, and highly recommend the Jawbone Headset to everyone.
Text Messenging
After a week of using my Q, I am still pleased with my decision.  I continue to monitor the other reviews and what I find interesting is the fact that many people focus on items that are very nit picky, i.e. the screen is slightly off center.  Interesting...I didn't even notice until that person pointed it out.  What is also interesting is that people tend to want a device that does everything exceptionally well (pda, phone, etc).  I would agree that that would be the ideal but I am happy with a device that does everything good.  Each person has their own preferences and what you really need to keep in mind is what you need the device to do.  I just need a device that syncs with my home computer (outlook), can send text and picture messages, syncs with my email via the web and provides me occasional access to the internet.  The Q does all that and more.
9233	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Heavy Duty Large Slim Horizontal Smart Phones Cell Phone Universal Case/ Pouch/ Holster with Velcro, Metal Clip and Belt Loop. I was completely shocked at how well built and sturdy this case is.  The metal belt clip is awesome.

~JEF~
6971	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good
8111	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These Bluetooth earphones work well with my Nokia N82 cellphone. The soft rubber earbuds fit tightly in the ear blocking out most sounds. I usually use them to listen to my internet radio station over the cellular network, but when a call comes in the ring is very distinct and switching to the call and back again to the radio station afterwards is a simple press of the phone button on the Jabra. I would have rated it five stars except for the difficulty I find with turning the Jabra off.

1867	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great collector items for Hello Kitty fanatics.

- Quick charging.

2366	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have had this device for 2+ years.  It has gone through 3 phones and is still going strong.  Stays connected to just about any phone.  Throw away the ear clip, this thing is meant to be just a small unit that holds in your ear.  It fits in your pocket with your phone and fits with sunglasses.  It is not meant to be worn all day; which should be a crime anyway, robo-ear is rude people.  Volume is great.  Only downside is when attending large conference calls during lunch it doesn't stay in while eating.  Battery is incredible, still holds a charge for a whole weekend.




6487	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!
4757	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I like this earpiece it is a pretty shade of pink pairs easy and works really well.
6908	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have a new Sight Mark .223 red laser bore sight coming from Amazon to get the iron sights and GTU scope on my Colt M4 Carbine dialed in once this laser bore sight is delivered.  When it is, I'll be able to see how well these batteries work and how long they last.  I have always gotten very good service from the Energizer alkaline, lithium and silver oxide batteries I have used in my battery-powered devices in the past, and expect to get similar service from these silver oxide batteries.  I have also not needed to replace the batteries of this type in any of my other existing battery-powered devices, yet, but when I do, I'll report on how these batteries perform for me.
7. Video capture
3)  Great sound quality.  I've used this at airports, casinos, and convention centers.  I can always hear my party without any problems and I've never had anybody complain that they can't hear me.
I called up Plantronics and they promptly replaced it with a new one after I described the problem. The customer service answers promptly and are very helpful and intelligent.
1. Lightweight, can easily fit into your shirt pocket.
1) I'm not sure if this is a problem with the phone or with the dog tog,  but when the phone is in my back pocket, I get no reception unless I also flip the dog tag to my back. This may also be because I am made of steel.
853	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Sound fluctuations
This case offers the best protection that I have seen for this phone.  My concerns are minor and I still highly recommend the OtterBox Defender.
7560	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	excellent concept with the metal clip. But not a good idea as it pretty much eats away at the belt loop its attached too and then it falls apart and becomes useless.
1787	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased a black Razr from Best Buy with a Cingular service plan.  Without question, it was the worst handset I've ever owned.  The unit's recepotion constantly broke up in my apartment (I get full strength on my three year old Sanyo with Sprint), and it's really hard to hear on the unit (the volume is awful).  The one bright spot for me was the speaker phone, but that wasn't enough to keep it.  I cancelled my Cingular plan and gave the phone back to Best Buy.  I really liked the style of this phone, but unless you plan to carry a second phone for your calls, I cannot recommend this unit.
Some flaws: Bluetooth pairing is simple and intuitive, but I am a bit confused about when it automatically pairs with my phone and when it does not.  A visual indication on the tag (it does have a colored lcd and backlighting on the tag) showing connected/disconnected status would be a nice enhancement. Also, I get occaisional drops when playing music if I am active and the phone is in my pocket. Also, having the tag and earbud wires draped around your neck can lead to some tangling when it is not in use.  Some wire management innovations would be nice.
2) Durability: This phone is tough.  Not many moving parts, no fancy operating system, solid integrated keys.
6228	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Joseph from New Trent helped me.  The on switch needed to be held down to activate the charge.  It works great and am taking it overseas  It pays to read the directions. I am not very good at that.  phyllis
Fitted this little beauty and now we do not have to run around to get a good shower.

The Bluetooth interface is seamless, but I use a Motorola H3 headset- if you use a headset of a different brand, you could encounter some difficulties, although I've not heard of any.  The camera, now 1.2 megapixels, takes (quite frankly) amazing photos for a mobile phone.  My wife decided to keep the pictures I took of our newborn son, as opposed to the pictures that were shot with our digital camera.  The video capture feature is good too, although I don't usually find myself using this function too frequently.
5467	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These items fit the stylus pens so well that I can attach the pens then attach it to the android I have. I won't have to worry about losing my stylus pen.

Even though there are bluetooth headphones out there, I like the BT3030 because you can use it with ANY headphone that can attach to a 3.5mm jack. In my case it's my hearing aid, but you can use your favorite set.
The other issue is that it does does not work on cars that have a large glass sunroof.  There is not enough metal around the base of the antenna as required.
7769	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this headset to replace the H700 that I just gave to my wife.  I thought the H700 was a great headset but this one took a good thing and made it better.  I considered just getting another H700 but they are a little tricky to find because you have to make sure you get the "C" version (labeled H700C on the headset) because the earlier versions (especially the "A" had terrible sound quality (I can verify from personal experience.)  There are still a lot of the older versions out there so it is a hassle to avoid them.
5519	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I got this for my iphone, and again ship on time, love that, but it dose not stay put  in my car, so no good.

I am very satisfied. It fits my purposes exactly. One other caveat. As other reviewers have stated, do not rely on signal measurement by the number of bars you see. On my Verizon HTC Incredible, 2 bars gives me 89 dbm. On the Galaxy 89 dbm gives me 3 bars . Go to settings and use the signal strength measurement for a more accurate measurement of how strong your signal is.
- The operating system is unstable.  The very first day I had this phone, I was on a conference call for work and had the unit on speakerphone.  A couple of minutes into the call, the phone crashed and rebooted itself!  And this phone takes several minutes to boot up, so I missed a lot of my conference call.  The phone crashed/rebooted about once a day for the entire time I had it.


The minuses: The handbook that comes with it is 37 pages long. Anything after page 4 costs money. Send out five high res pictures, and you run into real money. And it may be an MP3 player of sorts, but at $2 a song, I'll stick with my iRiver or iPod.
Cons
The unit comes with a directional antenna. It would not work for me because there is a large hill between my home and the nearest cell tower 1.7 miles away. The signal bounces into my location and is very weak. This type of situation calls for an omnidirectional antenna.
function much? No, but it shows me that the designers at New Trent pay
In my case my phone had to be just about leaning on the inside antenna to get full bars, even 2 feet away signal would drop significantly, however, this may be a good thing because for one, I can use a bluetooth device, two, if that antenna was amped enough it would be emitting a tremendous amount of microwave RF, and who wants their brain scrambled by that!
657	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product perfect.
2333	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The soft phone concept is cool but to use this headset you have to make it your default audio device for mic and speakers.  This means your regular speakers can't be used at the same time and switching involves control panel, sounds, reset default, etc.  you're not going to have time to do this when a call is coming in.  If you leave your speakers as default (cuz you spent a lot of money on them and love to use them for music, etc.) you can still use this device as the mic only.... but then your callers hear themselves talking with you.  Platronics tech support says you can adjust the volumes to minimize this but the end result is never business quality.  So.... unless you are ready to give up use of your speakers this item is a piece of crap!
7977	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this product for my Navigon 7100 and it fits perfectly.  It has a magnetic closing style.  It protects and doesn't add too much bulk.
I feel so extremely productive and I have it all in one slim device; bluetooth, Internet, phone, incredible volume output, no-training-needed voice recognition, sync, MS-Office, GPS!!!, mp3 player, video player, 2mp camera with 8x digital zoom, great battery life, email, text message, bright screen in sunlight, 3G and Edge data, great ATT phone network (US and Intl), and microSD for storage expansion.
712	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I used this item with Sony Ericsson T637.  While it was comfortable to wear, I could not hear the caller's voice due to the static, and I am holding the phone in my hand so I know it's not the distance that was a problem.  I tried several calls at different locations, but the performance remained very poor.  I really can't recommend this product - I now bought Motrola HS810, and it works PERFECTLY.
- signal strength
4744	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product and fast
Also - BEWARE of re-ordering an item from your past orders. I had initially purchased a similar item from X-eParts (aka, eForCity), which worked GREAT with my devices. I wanted to order more of those. However, since the seller no longer carries the item, Amazon quietly shuffled me off to a different item with a different seller. That's a little deceptive.
7352	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Bought it to replace my previous Motorola Razr that died. Needed to go to the AT&T store to have the simm replaced because original one did not work in this new phone. No charge for the simm. Mostly use it for calls and texting.
I've been on US Cellular and Cingular/AT&T networks for years and never used Sprint.  Sprint service is fine in my area, and the voice quality of the phone is nice.  The earpiece volume can be raised to high levels when in noisy areas and people on the other end said my mic has no problems and sounds like any cell phone.  The Centro syncs well with my Plantronics 640 bluetooth headset and people on the other end say I sound great with it.  After 3 weeks, I haven't been able to complain about the phone or data signal.  The addition of a WiFi radio would have been nice, but so far I haven't really missed it because of the high speed EV-DO network touted by Sprint.
505	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	DON'T BUY, IT DOESN'T WORK!!!
734	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I received this product and as soon as I took it out of the box my husband took it. He's been looking for a good, sturdy pack for a while. The thing he likes best is the wide strap that goes around the back and the place for his phone.

They are indeed tiny, but they need to be to get the thread through the eye of the needle that SanDisk forces us to thread. So I attach a loop or key chain to the other end. Can't beat the price either. Delivery is slow--they come from Hong Kong. But I'm amazed they can even ship them for what I pay for them, so no complaints there.

It is a MUST OWN for those who want to keep their screen staying pristine!
8925	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great compact size for easy travel. The unit can be charged while charging a device. A feature that I could not do on the larger capacity New Trent 120T. The unit is near perfect, the only annoyance I have with the unit is the power button. The unit has one button with 3 settings. Tap to turn on the laser, hold the button for USB charging and longer hold for LED flashlight. The button is so easy to push I have opened up my bag to find the laser pointer on. The laser pointer probably does not use that much energy but I do find it annoying that its draining my power reserves. The unit does come with a travel bag which helps keep the button from being tapped on accident but it does happen from time to time.
5825	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I replaced my old trackball/joystick mainly because the ring around it was pealing and it looked ugly. Since I was also replacing the lens I replaced the trackball. Super easy to install. Just make sure it is very clean underneath. I got some stuff on it after I installed and it wasn't working so well, but I simply blew on it and it all came out and it works perfectly. Fast delivery also.

3231	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Por el precio que pagas por este celular actualmente, obtendrs un telefono econmico, bonito y de buenas prestaciones. Lo negativo seria lo poco que dura su bateria.
4266	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	DID N OT HAVE RIGHT CONNECTORS, BUT AMAZON MADE IT RIGHT.
This headset has worked well for me and the price was very good.
4519	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Ok so I will say I am a bit of an audiophile so some of the other customer reviews worried me. I tend to get higher grade earbuds so I get better sound all around. I have had Shure e-series headsets from church worship/monitoring. I mainly use my Etymotic er4 and er6 headsets for personal listening to my players and laptops. Either way when I got my Voyager I did feel the same lack of fit and lack of sound isolation others mentioned even with the smallest eargel (I have small ear canals). Well all etymotic earbuds come with a great variety of sizes and designs and for me I went ahead and pulled out the etymotics smallest 2 flange ear gels and with some coaxing was able to get them over the outputs of the Voyager. What I have now is a headset which sits great, feels great, and most importantly SOUNDS great. Sound isolation is creepy. I almost get the same silence I feel when wearing my etymotic er4s.
6966	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked well.
4157	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Quite simply, the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset totally rocks!  Believe me, I've gone through quite a few Bluetooth headsets in the last couple of years, and so I have quite a few to compare this one to.
5967	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This does an great job of charging my samsung galaxy. They are both small enough that I have actually carried them in my pocket at the same time while it was charging. I get about 2 charges before I have to plug it back up to recharge. I haven't really used the laser pointer as I have no need for it.
9711	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	nice for the price
4955	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	You cannot use the remote controls with this case on iPhone.  I got mine from elago.  Every vendor may be different.  The annoying part is that they are all under the same item and there is no way to figure out unless you buy it.
Medium ear "hook" worked for me - suggest playing with this (removing the rubber hook and adjusting it on the ear piece) until getting right fit - the bud goes in ear and added loop of rubber is supposed to counter against the curve in another part of your outer ear - genius design imho and when this thing is in, even jumping up and down or shaking your head or tapping your head (yes tried that too, silly I know...) will not dislodge this.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-Discovery-925-Bluetooth-Headset-Black/dp/B001630QZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics Discovery 925 Bluetooth Headset - Black</a>
hands free
First Impressions: The iTorch is very well made... it has a nice solid feel to it... it does not feel cheap at all. The bonus is that it has a flashlight built in and a laser pointer. I do not do many presentations where I would use a laser pointer... but my Kitty loves the little red dot... so its a nice kitty toy too! The iTorch measures 4 long x 1.75 wide, so its pretty small and very portable!

9897	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Screen protectors if ordered for the right BB work really well.  This one is for the Curve.
JIS "4" Splashing water from any direction shall have no harmful effect (Splash resistant)
I tried the strategy, and it works
It is faster and satisfying to cut the old way. I odered 5 pieces of it (5x3 =15)and it would take me awhile to finish it off. I wasted 2 already in my initial application. The first was trash-out cause it would not stick for re-alignment. The second, I used a wet napkin to remove the dried paste and it not only leave scratches on new screen protector but the dried paste can't be removed at all. The more I attempt to remove the dried paste, the bigger the area it spreads its sticky mess.
For Hannukah 2014, my husband got me a pair of Motorola Buds, and I instantly fell in love. Never again were my earbuds yanked from my ears as the cord twisted, and the bluetooth was strong enough that I could have my phone charge centrally in my house and be able to walk about without losing reception. Not being an audio snob, I also found the sound quality for music to be fine. The battery life was just about right, though my headphones did die on me about once or twice a month, but, again, at least eight hours continuous use.
This model looks and feels great cosmetically.  Especially useful for people that want to use it in public and show it off.  It feels well made to last a long time.  The weight is good for a 5200 Mah battery.


- Lasts a long time. Can easily keep my iPhone 5 juiced up when traveling
There is only one super-small issue that shouldn't be a big deal and might happen with other phones too - when someone texts you, and you don't reply but you DO see the message that was sent, the phone acts like you never saw the message and counts it as a missed message.
Update Dec 12: I came up with a brilliant idea. Feel free to patent it. I went to Verizon Wireless in Circuit City and bought their Verizon black "replacement ear cushions". My ears like felt material better than rubber for some reason. My WEP200 now fits in my ear very tightly (won't fall out) and it feels very comfortable. The rubber covers that come from Samsung are what hurt my ears. I will never wear them again. It still sounds great and since the cushions are black they look great too. My WEP200 now fits as snug as a bug in a rug. And the pain is gone. I can wear these for hours with no ear aches. So this is the solution for me. Glad I thought of it. For those of you have bought the WEP200 or are thinking of it, spend an extra $3 for some ear cushions. Your ears will appreciate it. Mine did.
3165	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	So I bought this and i have a 2001 honda civic, it doesn't quite fit exactly with my vents but i did manage after trial and error to get it to clip on in one position that is ideal and even though it is not on the right way it is still very much in tact and very sturdy and it holds my iphone 4 with ease and it does not move around at all when touched, this thing is GREAT for the price for 2 bucks you can not go wrong just buy it and save your self 15 bucks by not buying one of those more expensive holders!.

Overall, for the price you pay, it would be extremely tough to beat this headset!

3) stays out of my way but is still accessible (try fishing a rubber case out of a cloth pocket quickly - can't be done)
9976	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My phone went dead and I ordered this one. Now I have a working phone again. Love it! Especially for the price.

Email at your fingertips
2093	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was a bit concerned about the stereo vs. cell phone feature, but I got it down in seconds and I am more than happy. It came with everything I needed and worked perfectly with my Samsung Rant. Now I go to the gym and listen to music through my cell phone, yet never miss a call.
7665	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've owned my Razr2 for almost two years and I love it. Now that it's time to get a new phone, I've been looking around to see what replacements there are for my Razr, and frankly, there's nothing out there that I think is better. This phone is very well designed and it's easily my favorite cell phone ever. No, it is not a 'smart phone' or Blackberry, but it's slick, plays music, is easy to text on, easy to play games on, and has an SDHC mini expansion port. The screen is very nice and has reasonably good resolution. The camera takes decent photos, especially considering this design is over 2 years old. I'm still not sure what I'm going to replace it with once mine breaks; there doesn't seem to be another flip phone out there that is as sleek and nicely designed as this one.
great having it along. Between my iPhone and the iPad, we had plenty to
6734	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They all worked
The phone advertises that it can be charged via USB. This, however, cannot be done unless you purchase a USB cable and their phone tools software separately ($30 for the latter). Also, the "custom wallpaper" and "MP3 ringtones" are also misleading. Either you purchase their Mobile PhoneTools software, or the only way to get "custom" wallpapers and ringtones is to pay individually for each one.
All told, a LOT of phone/almost PDA for the money. Nezt time I might even try out the MDA since the SDA is turning me into somewhat of a "Road Warrior"..!
6220	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is an exceptional, portable battery. It is lightweight and provides optimal battery backup. A definite must have. I use my to use the hps function on my bike rides and runs.
458	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The adhesive breaks fairly quickly.
Tips:
4426	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very Good Job , Thanks very much Very Good Job , Thanks very much  Very Good Job , Thanks very much
-When I start the car, the LiquidAUX connects automatically. When I shut off the car, the LiquidAUX disconnects automatically. If I am playing a song on the media player on my Blackberry, playback stops automatically when I shut off the car.
6241	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I originally bought this charger for&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Apple-iPod-touch-32-GB-3rd-Generation-OLD-MODEL/dp/B002M3SOC4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Apple iPod touch 32 GB (3rd Generation) OLD MODEL</a>&nbsp;and it worked perfectly.  It could recharge my iPod at least 3 times (from 0% to 99%) before I needed to recharge the Trent External battery (maybe more).  Then, I got a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Apple-iPod-touch-32GB-4th-Generation-Black-Current-Version/dp/B001FA1O18/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Apple iPod touch 32GB (4th Generation) - Black - Current Version</a>&nbsp;and the Trent external battery charged that one just as well as my last iPod.
4510	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased the Plantronics 855 with the sole purpose of synchronizing bluetooth headset with Softick Audio Gateway software for the Palm Treo 755p.  The pairing process works well without any issues.  Audio Gateways allows you to go directly to Pocket Tunes or to the Bluetooth setup program. Although you can pair this device using the standard protocol, doing the sync through Audio Gateway pairs it for use with the phone.  Ok, so far so good.
There is a large 1,000-contact phone book has room in each entry for five phone numbers, e-mail and Web addresses, a job title and a company name, work and home street addresses, a birth date, etc. The SIM card can hold an additional 250 names.  Other extras include standard stuff: vibrate mode, text and multimedia messaging, calculator, voice recorder, a calendar with reminders, notepad, stopwatch, and an alarm clock.

Here's the good:
clear screen
8980	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch is an amazingly compact and efficient backup battery. It is extremely portable, and fits perfect in smaller pockets. It recharges my phone, while keeping my cat busy with the laser pointer. In order to maximize efficiency I recommend buying a short cable for your device.
I'm no audiophile but I would refer someone to these.  They come in black or white.
Overall, I like this phone a lot.  It's a beautiful phone and quite handy at times.
4340	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Although I didn't like my CallPod Dragon bluetooth headset, I love this CallPod Charger.  I started running out of places to charge my multiple gadgets at night, each one wanting is own outlet.  With this unit, I charge two cell phones, my bluetooth headset, two Ipods, and I still have room for expansion.  Best of all, I only have to tie up a single outlet.
4) Wind tolerance - it's better than my H700, but its still too noisy to hold a conversation in any level of wind.

Blue tooth headsets, I found, are a very personal thing.  Some did not fit 'right' and one gave me an earache. The Plantronics 330 fits me the best and once I became accustomed to putting it on, I can do it with one hand.
8051	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i have trouble with phone cases but this one is still in new condition and it is small enough to slide in my back pocket while i am at work. it does not collect dirt in the crevasse. with previous phone cases i found that by the time i got it open or hit the right button i would loose the call. not with this one it is simple but keeps your phone protected and you can not beat the price. i am simple person so i do not need fancy one but even if i wanted a fancy one i would go for this one due to how nice it looks.
9946	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The seller sold me what they claimed was a brand new OEM LG battery. When charged it only lasted 30 minutes. It drops 3 bars in that time. That is WITHOUT using it. I mostly only use my phone for texting. There was NO mfg. or expiration date on the battery so who knows how old it actually is. Real batteries have a date on them. It wasn't even in the original packaging. Could be a faux LG battery. Total junk. Seems to be scores of negative reviews about them selling defective batteries. 166 negative reviews is pretty bad and not a coincidence. They had the gall to ask me to remove my negative review of them. Amazon should be contacted just how many buyers received defective batteries. They should not be allowed to sell anything on Amazon. What a sham.
Plantronics (Voyager 520):

3) Easy to assemble when instructions are followed

Me, not so much. I like its size, light weight and relatively intuitive controls, but the sound wasn't especially good on either end, and its voice isolation circuit worked too well, making me sound like a voice synthesizer, according to those with whom I tested it.
The included cord is garbage - I don't even know why they bothered.  You know how thin and flimsy your original ipod earbuds were?  Yah, this is even thinner and flimsier.  I just used my monster cable that I already had and everything was fine.
959	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After purchasing another style headset for my wife, I observed that all the weight on the other brand is hanging low on the neck. I did not feel I would like that so I opted for the Motorola Buds. Overall I prefer the design over the other brand. Doesn't flop around and lays low on my neck. My shirt collar even covers the whole device. Battery life is acceptable but could be better. I get approximately 8 hours of use on standby, talking, and music.

9767	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GOOD

1351	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great then!
loud stereo speakerphone
3. There're only 2 buttons on the headsets, one dial and one button. It gets a little time to "memorize" the basic functions by using the combination of 2 buttons, but I think I'm comfortable with it after using it for a month. Yes, you HAVE to read the manual, and it's even better if you read it several times.
2184	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I had no trouble using this I have a Razr v3r.  I downloaded songs to my 1-gig media card and I can use any song as a ringtone.  I also loaded pictures from my computer to my phone. Great and amazon had the best price bar none

5213	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for use with my new stereo capable MP3-playing cell phone and for use with Skype and audio from my laptop. I love the concept of this product: a small and convenient Bluetooth adapter allows you to listen to stereo sound with both ears plugged, or leave one ear open and talk on the phone. The mic is integrated into the tag and gives good quality to your side of the conversation.  The included stereo ear buds are also good quality for phone and music.  The tag/adapter/mic can be paired with any standard wired stereo headphones if you want to upgrade. Battery life is good.  It always lasts all day even with heavy use.  Two or more days is pushing it.  As the battery gets low it drops more frequently.
Cons: The power button is really small... but even w/ that con, there is a pro behind it - being that it isn't easily powered off makes it less likely to be accidentally shut off during either a call or when it's being carried in your pocket.
* Comfort while wearing glasses.
8777	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits nice and snug. No problems installing or removing. I have done this several times without scratching or cracking anything. Not sure why others are having problems. Seems pretty straightforward to me. The black is only on the outer casing. Inside is white plastic as is some of the edges. Was easily fixed with a black marker. Highly recommended!
7041	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this battery for over a year now and it still works perfect.
5476	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For my money, this is a very nice product. Please note that this is NOT for iPhones, it will not work well, they have another product for the iPhone. I paid $30 for this unique product, and I think it's awesome for the price. Paired up with my ancient LG CU500 on the first try, the volume was good, and the sound quality was just as good as when I used the headphone jack. Also worked well with my newer Samsung Solstice. If the sound is bad for you, then try it with a pair of bluetooth headphones, and see how it sounds then; the problem may be the streaming quality of your phone, or your phone doesn't support A2DP (properly).
4154	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is the best BT of the iPhone that I have found.  I have tried 6 different BT devices tis year and this is the best one s far.

But, today, January 4th, and JUST out of the one year warranty, my second pair of buds has died again. I checked Amazon, to see if any other products might compare, but everything I saw looked like small, shady companies with really, really bad grammar in their text. And the reviews...generally did not seem like real reviews, so much as paid reviews.
If you want a simple, affordable skin that will protect from bumps and bruises without much added bulk, for the price of a large Starbucks latte' you can't beat this one!



<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Black-adapter/dp/B000WKS8QG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Black adapter</a>&nbsp;received from seller "Elago Design" (not this listing) - 5 stars:
*ease of use when it comes to software....if you use a PC, you'll understand this phone
9268	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This little cell phone case is a super deal!  It looks way more expensive than it is, there is NOTHING cheap about it.  It is very sturdy in every way.  I have an LG900G which looks similar to the blackberry & in this little case I am able to carry my phone & a couple of necessary cards.  You have the ability to clip it on your belt or run your belt through the slot knowing that it will be secure at all times.  The magnetic closing is very sturdy & remains closed until YOU pop it open.  I just can't say enough great things about this little case.  If you are in the market for a quality case at a super low price, you won't be disappointed with this one!<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Horizontal-Leather-Pouch-For-Brand-Samsung-BlackJack-i607-or-BlackJack-2-i617-Cell-Phone-Case-Cover-with-Belt-Clip-Magnetic-Closing/dp/B0013KYE76/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Horizontal Leather Pouch For Brand Samsung BlackJack i607 or BlackJack 2 i617 Cell Phone Case Cover with Belt Clip Magnetic Closing</a>
The company told me I could "gently" bend the loops to fit my ear better.  They also recommended Jabra ear gels instead of the Aliph ear buds.  They also recommended a place that can make a custom gel earbud (for about $65 + shipping).
5697	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As described.

* The N95-2 (a.k.a. "N95 8GB", a.k.a. RM-320) increased the screen size from 2.6" to 2.8" (diagonal), increased RAM from 64MB to 128MB, increased the battery size from 900 mAh to 1200 mAh, removed the slider mechanism for opening the camera lens, replaced the SDHC card slot with 8GB of internal flash, and replaced the silver faceplate with an all-black design.  However, the bands supported were the same: W-CDMA 2100MHz, GSM 850/900/1800/1900 MHz - so although it will work fine with both AT&T Wireless, T-Mobile USA and Rogers, it does not support 3G/3.5G network speeds in North America.  Nonetheless, as with the N95-1, Nokia has sold this phone in North America as well until just a few weeks ago; so possibly, this is the phone sold here (Unfortunately, Nokia's own sales channels do not normally make this distinction, and Amazon's product description is also somewhat lacking).  UPDATE: As the product description now clearly says, this is the N95-4 (a.k.a. N95 8GB NAM) model.
I won't go in features as there are soo many reviews on it,but i can tell you it has capability for more features that you need.
-Weakish flashlight. Not that I was expecting a true flashlight, but maybe something a little brighter.
-The led Light is a handle tool to have.

The battery looks good, there is no wires or anything out of place, and for the price how could you go wrong? I had to replace an old V3 battery that I used for overseas trips and never had an issue. Battery lasted longer than my original when I first bought it. Plus if you are getting better battery life and way cheaper battery why would you complain. Anyways, hope this review helps anyone setting on the fence like myself.

8574	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been using this headset for a while now.  It is lightweight and does not get lost easily like those little toy bluetooth earpieces that hang off your ear.  I see people walking around like they have a stiff neck because they are afraid to turn too suddenly or it will fly off and be lost forever.  Not this one.  Sound quality is very good too, just be sure the boom mic is lowered down to in front of the mouth area.  One thing I don't like about it is the battery saving feature.  After about 20 minutes or so of non-use it automatically turns itself off.  You cannot even wake it up by just a touch of the button.  You have to actually hold the power button in for several seconds and power it back up.  This takes about 5 seconds to accomplish, then it has to connect to your phone- another 5-10 seconds or so.  If you are in a conversation on your handset and you want to quickly go to handsfree then you will miss about 10 seconds of conversation while powering up and reconnecting- not very good.  A fast power up and fast reconnect would earn this headset a definite 5 star review from me.  Otherwise it is a good product and only second to the VXI blue parrot.
- Cool little blue light that turns on when plugged in
All said, I would never buy this product again and cannot recommend it for use.  The is sound quality not worth the pain.



9535	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical if this would work or not, but it works great!  I'm very pleased with this product.  Buy it!

If cell phone and headset are separated by a large distance, the headset will lose connection, but press and hold the "talk" button, and headset will find and relink with (my) cell phone. Other people have reported the headset losing connection and/or randomly turning off, but I haven't experienced any of those issues. I'm using a Samsung T809.

9571	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	When you buy this item are you REALLY expecting to first figure out where the nearest cell phone tower is to your house and in exactly which direction?  Then are you REALLY planning on climbing up on your roof to erect a pole so that this thing can point directly at that cell phone tower?  No, like me you're thinking you can stick this to the window and it will increase your reception.  Well it won't. So my suggestion is don't buy it; you just end up returning it the way I did.
My only complaint is that Windows Mobile 6.5 doesn't like the fact that the headset's volume control can't be used to control the phone's volume. Every single time I connect the headset to the phone, the phone pops up a warning message instructing me to control the volume directly on the headset -- a totally superfluous warning. But that's really a complaint about Windows Mobile 6.5.
916	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good sound, neck size may be an issue for people with larger necks,  as this product is not flexible. Call quality is nice and decent bass for bluetooth ear buds.
In conclusion, if you are looking for a super-slim phone with great call quality and superb music capability, look no further. This Sony wears the Walkman name with pride.
another suggestion, upgrade the outdoor antenna to panel, which helps more, even can avoid positive feedback, the panel gain can offset the cable loss, that you can get the most of this
2932	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really good phone, it looks like it has been restored to a well condition state. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a budget phone.
-Small (for a cheap smart phone)

8223	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've got over 500 running miles using the Switcheasy with no problems.  This product has a few unique features that the others don't have.
We have a moderate sized home and have great connectivity in most of the home, but very bad connectivity in the kitchen, office and living room. While we typically have 4  bars in most of the house, we usually have 1 bar at best in the kitchen and it's not unusual to have no coverage. Even when we do , calls drop all the time and it's very annoying.  We took a gamble and bought the Wilson.

1539	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We have two, and we love them. They work very well, like much better than the Motorola's we had, and these are quite stylish and unobtrusive. Now, I will say that I switch back and forth between the smallest ear piece and none at all - with it, it fits better and you can hear better, but it starts hurting a little after a while, have to take a break; without it, I can wear it all day, but, it dangles a little awkwardly and sound is sacrificed, a little, but certainly bearable.
- LED is not as bright as I had wished, if this had a powerful LED, this could even be a decent flashlight replacement.
This does not fit correctly.  It is approx. 1mm too long and too wide to properly seal to the surface of the iPhone screen.  After several aggravating attempts to make it work properly, I gave up and am now searching for a better screen protector.

3)THE PHONE FREEZES TO OFTEN. DO NOT TOSS YOUR STYLIS. YOU WILL NEED IT TO REBOOT YOUR PHONE SEVERAL TIMES A WEEK
9867	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product good seller no problems
2) Instructions are clear and concise. Will perform as indicated when installed as per instructions
1388	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you need a new SIM card for an old AT&T wireless phone, you cannot beat the value at this site.  No shipping charges either.  Saved me $23 vs buying at the store, but had to wait for a few days for it to arrive!  So if you are not married to the cell phone, you have a deal at this site!
- Slimmer Design would fit in the pocket better.
3268	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Case is good for the purpose intended but the kick stand is kind of flimsy and feels like it may not hold for long.

2591	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Of all the various brands of bluetooth headsets I've purchased, all of the Plantronics products seem to offer the best value for the dollar.  I have purchased other headsets from Sennheiser, BlueAnt, Trek, Jawbone, Pioneer, Sony, Motorola, and god knows who else. Plantronics has been the ONLY brand that I've been a repeat customer of.  I've gotten the same sound quality out of this $20something headset as I did from the $140+ Jawbone and $160+ Sennheiser!  My advice, simple, order this or any Plantronics headset, take the change and get some new games or apps on that fancy Android handset...

3976	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought two blue ants, one for me and one for my wife and we both love it. Easy to set up and use. The speaker is loud and very clear. This makes an excellent choice if you don't want to wear an earpiece.
The negative bit is in the practice of the theory.
9765	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good Product and Great Service
IPad 3 -  You have to keep in mind that the iPad 3 is its a large device with a an HD Retina screen. However, even with that said, I was able to charge my ipad from 2% to 36% and then the iTorch needed to be recharged.  In my opinion this is still impressive that such a small device was able to boost the battery of the Ipad 3 as much as it did!
Gripes I have with the unit:
I won't go in features as there are soo many reviews on it,but i can tell you it has capability for more features that you need.
6433	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Usually love Griffin stuff but this is a very poorly designed product. Had two and both malfunctioned - iPhone either didn't respond to the device or started doing random things.
6338	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	nice

New Trent did replace this with another unit and the new unit works very well. I am now getting about 70% capacity from the battery which is acceptable in comparison to everyone else that overstates the true battery capacity delivery. The great form factor, laser pointer and flashlight all are the same great additions to a good battery. New Trent has had one of the most responsive and best customer service efforts I have seen. You cannot go wrong with a New Trent product; you WILL be taken care of in an exemplary manner.
Plantronics 640 - a joke, falls apart in your hand.  Little pieces everywhere.
8479	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great radios but the back clip is a pain as it will not stay on the radio.
9013	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice product. I always carry this around in case my battery ran out. This charge quickly and work really well

5526	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had tried several mount holders for my gps before and they all kept falling down from the windshield.  This one hasn't come down since the day I placed it up.  I love it!
Based on my 4 days of this battery, I am very satisfied with this product as of now.  I just hope this continues to be the case after 6 months or even a year.  Normally I would only have about 20 or 30 percent of battery left when I get back from work, but now I have about 75% left. I no longer have to worry about running out of battery for those days when I have to use the phone more than usual.  I hadn't dropped my phone, so I am not sure how well the case will protect, but it looks like the foam-feeling cover would protect the back and sides and since front side of the case comes up above the phone's face, it should protect.  I am use to bit of rubbery type of case. This case doesn't give as much as friction and grip that the rubbery type of case gives, but gives enough so that it's not slippery at all.  The back hexagon pattern makes it look like women's case.  I wish it didn't have any pattern.  But then maybe this pattern is added to help with not slipping.  It is much thicker with extended battery cover and case than with regular cover.  But not thick enough to bother me or carrying it in my jean pocket.
1376	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The item was exactly as described.  I called ATT, activated the card, popped it in my phone and it worked great!

I got this case for my Garmin nuvi 660 (which by the way I also love!!!&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Garmin-nvi-660-4-3-Inch-Widescreen-Bluetooth-Portable-GPS-Navigator/dp/B000H49LXQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Garmin nvi 660 4.3-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator</a>). I wanted something a little more secure than the little "sleeve" that it came with, and the shaped leather, and magnetic closing flap of this one fit the bill perfectly. At the time I ordered my Garmin from Amazon.com, there was a special where I could get this case for just [...]. So glad I did!
8719	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I've replaced this a few times from different sources and I don't find these rings go on properly. I've had others try as well and they couldn't get it to fit right either.

6886	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Really not much to say but that they work very well.
3. Single large ear bud; size cannot be adjusted

9402	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I found this to do exactly what it is supposed to do: boost your signal, not give you signal where there is none. In most cases, Ifound this boosted my speed and signal. You can't rely on bars, alone and it helps to turn your phone to airplane mode and then turn off airplane mode to force it to look for the signal and refresh your "bars." A speedtest is the best way todetermine if thebooster is helping, or not. Antenna type and placement are also keys to successfully using this device. Make sure you do some reading if you want to get the most out of the device.
2296	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have just gotten this little gadget as a gift from a friend... whom I really love for it ... its a funny little thing which has a little of every thing for a gadget freak like myself. i have used many different products in my time, all from HPC's, Palm, PDA's, you name it, i've tried them ... but this unit outdo them all by lenghts. the touch screen can be a little annoying, but the wifi & BT facility sort of make the pain worth it... it could use a little work on the service, but i guess thats a limitation from sprint and not the device itself. if there is to be mentioned a drawback compared to my other pda, i would say it to be the "memory" ... only 128/45 MB, contra the 4 GB in my Palm LiveDrive. other than that ... if you want someone to really love you... or if you are looking for a gift for your "Have it All" friend ... this is gonna be a VERY good choice.  admittedly, the price may be a bit of a barrier... lol almost $600 w/o new Phone Contract...
4238	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I received it in an open plastic casing with no labels, the seller said this is the way DLO packages their products.
Fred
Instant messenger (Yahoo, AOL, MSN, ICQ)

I haven't fully tested battery life, but Motorola claims you get up to eleven hours of playtime on a 90-minute charge.  The buds come with a charger you plug into AC, plus a handy storage pouch and three sizes of bud tips to fit ear canals of different sizes.  I seem to be fine with the tips pre-installed, which I am guessing are the medium size.
It works great if you are between antennas in direct sight. When I go to another room I have 3-4 bars and only one wall between cell phone and antennas.
I'll only be using this about six times each year while out in the backcountry, so for $39 this is a life saver!

6683	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We live in a rural area in a recent (2yr old) home with radiant barrier and concrete board exterior.  We have always had to go outside to use our phones and even then it was spotty.  I install the exterior antenna on our TV antenna pole and we now get 4 bars in our home office.  The suprise was we get 3-4 bars all though the house, and even on our front porch the signal is improved.  Very happy wish we had installed it 2 years ago.  Nice to be able to use the phones in air conditioning.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Wilson-Electronics-Desktop-Adjustable-Gain-Cell-Phone-Signal-Booster-for-Home-or-Office-For-Multiple-Users/dp/B0014KOB6Y/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Wilson Electronics Desktop Adjustable Gain Cell Phone Signal Booster for Home or Office  - For Multiple Users</a>
1. Charger connection is micro-USB. You either have to carry another charger (the one supplied), or get an adapter cable from Mini-USB > Micro-USB in order to use your existing charger.
1982	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Mounted in my Can Am Spyder trunk
Seller ships quickly, but there is no tracking ability, and they ship the battery strip in a standard letter-size envelope.

Jawbone Bluetooth Wireles Headset,I own the first version of this Company
Also an important note to the buyers out there, the customer pictures attached to this product are not of the same product. The adapter that you see with the USB holes to the left, and has a red indicator light in the center is NOT the same as this product. The product image shown by default is the correct one. Just in case some customers are confused.
I found the bright blue light a bit distracting as well.
You should also expect this to get VERY hot with extended use. Getting a set of mounts from weBoost will include a vent clip so you can have the car AC actively cooling it. Otherwise consider leaving it unplugged when you don't need it.
Ease of Use - The key to a Jabra headset is holding the multifunction button down until it flashes. This turns the headset on and off after pairing. You will hear reports of people winding up redialing the last number called when trying to turn the headset off. If you don't wait for the flash, this will happen. I've also heard this reported during pairing, but that shouldn't be the case because you start pairing with the headset turned off. Finally, the volume buttons are easy to use. I only use the headset on my right ear so I can't speak to what it is like when the headset is flipped over and the buttons are on top.
Wish I had gotten a RAZR (free or nearly so with Tmo), held out for a Motorola Capri, or splurged and gotten a fabulous unlocked Nokia (every one I've had has been outstanding).

I'm so impressed, I just ordered another from (CCMACESSORIES - very fast turnaround - thank you) for my wife to use in her Honda van.
4019	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I found this for my my phone (Samsung S4).
2239	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thank You
997	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This device does not work or should I say it did not boost any extra signal for me or my family's cell phone devices.  Heck the pack of 6 was under $5, so what did I expect?!
This product includes a belt clip and on the other hand the rubberized case that is used to attach on the back of the shadow has a gear that attaches to the belt clip. I didn't like so i removed the plastic gear because i prefer putting my phone in my pocket. However, it is quite difficult to remove. Good product though. 4 stars.
493	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good customer service.  never any issues.  great about upgrades.  Simple and Easy to get and new phone mailed and have simple instructions on how to setup your new phone.
AVRCP is kinda hassle
7135	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I originally bought this cable to transfer files between a LG shine and a computer because my mother's LG Shine phone screen had broken and she unfortunately didn't save any of her photos on a micro SD card. Unfortunately i couldn't get the computer to recognize the phone so i was out of luck...it didn't work for what i intended to use it for...but it does work...so only 4 stars because it works, just not the way i want it to and it arrived 2 days after the delivery date
6093	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love using this product. I got it with the intentions of using it when i'm on the go, but I actually enjoy using it around the house just as must as when i'm out. Before I would plug my iphone or iPad into the nearest wall outlet, but when I moved to a different room, i'd have to move the plug, the cable, find an available outlet.... Now I keep the IMP52D plugged into my gadget, and I can move around easily without losing a charge.
2411	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Lasted for ever then it broke.

9617	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Getting a good signal almost anywhere but home isn't difficult with my cell phone service, but getting a good one at home is a challenge. We will in a rural area and it isn't unusual to only get 2 bars, 3 at best. I took the time to mount Wilson's Signal Boost equipment both inside and outside of my home. I set it by the window just to see how well it would work, and I ended up with 5 bars. I then mounted it outside on the siding (I don't like clutter inside) using the long cable Wilson provides and got a full 5 bars as well. Unless you live in a really strange place, mounting it indoors should be sufficient for most people.
Both items arrived on time and worked just fine.
3323	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you're buying this then you're probably sad that your Wii doesn't support HDMI. But this is the next best thing. Worked fine for me, just make sure to adjust the Video settings within the Wii Settings menu to match the cables or else it's gonna look weird.
The volume control has only 5 steps over a wide range from too quiet to too loud. I have to use step 4 even though it is louder than I prefer, because step 3 is much too quiet.
THE TURBO CHARGER WORKS AS ADVERTISED and yes, it gives a full charge to a dead cell phone battery with standard Duracell batteries.  It charged quickly as well.

If I have to pick one negative thing to say it would be the size.  It is quite a bit bigger than some other competing products but it is a small prize to pay for its superb performance.
4585	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	*PS3

7369	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good
Jabra freeway is very good, almost as good as the Roadster pro.  I give that one less star than this Roadster Pro.  Just as good for the user but the Roadster pro deserves one star above the Jabra Freeway for better noise cancelling.  Your caller hears you much clearer.
Mr. R.
5091	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Get one of these!!!  i have the  A-747 Samsung phone from AT&T.  synced all my contacts from old phone via computer software, also can input and fix all address book entries.  Can use phone as a modem for laptop, and use phone as a mass storage device for all pics and music.
8656	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It snaps on easily and stays on. It makes the phone easier to hold. I have not dropped the phone, but I imagine it would provide some protection against damage. The item I received is not exactly like the picture. The front cover does not have the cross bar just above the bottom front buttons.

3554	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Well I came from a line of Sony Ericsson Phones so this was a leap at trying something new. I have had the phone now for over 2 weeks which I feel is long enough to make a judgement on it. First and foremost the size of the phone is great. Slim, sleek, slender and light are just a few ways to describe it physically. The rubber backing feels cool as well. The button layout is easly functional and to navigate. I like that the memory slot is in the inside since it makes it more sleek. I have 1GB card in the phone and it picked it up no problem. I really like the OS interface - its not complicated to navigate through and looks cool as well. At first there is a slight learning curve as to were everything is located but once you play with it its easy - plus with the shortcuts you can get to what you want fairly easy. The speakerphone at times can be hard to understand but over all it works well. Music throught the phone sounds good to. Not bad for one speaker. It has at times closed out applications for no reason but I usually just chuck that off to Windows. The overall performance isn't that bad. It does slow down at times but not drastically. Overall, I am impressed with the phone and would recommend it. It has alot of features as well to boot. Worth buying.
3605	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like the feel and style of the case.  Easy to remove and easy to hold on to.  I liked it.
2024	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I can't give a full review since I bought this BT headset for my girl, but from my couple days of using it and her continous talking on it, I think the product works great.  Can't wait to get another one.
2931	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I was expecting an original version of Motorola RAZR but  got a duplicated version which stop functioning after the 1st use as well as it refused charging. All what I paid for this device wasted.

I contacted Wi-Ex and they told me that the max range of the boosted signal will be 15 feet. That's right, he said 15 feet. They why do they advertise full house coverage? And also claim a 2500 sq ft home coverage on this unit. I was also told that if my input signal is only two bars, that the output from the base unit is reduced to a lower radius/range. This is not what is advertised. As a matter of fact, while I was on the phone with the rep, he kept asking me to repeat myself because I kept breaking up. He asked me to repeat myself three times, yes, three times, and my distance to the base unit? About two feet at that time and the bar strength indication on the phone? That was at 1 bar!! Yes, 1 bar!!!

201	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	thank you.




5)  Free voice dialing included (with AT&T Centro -- NOT Sprint).
I think I will go back to this headset for a while - the voice quality is great, the noise cancelling is also great, I can hear perfectly and its built like a tank.  I may even buy another as a spare.
Overall, it is a great device., very carefully designed to balance capacity/portability.

N95 vs. iPhone
5566	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great and holds up well, great reception
Seems well made.

4005	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	it was the right fit
7073	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Did not keep a good charge.  Was stated as proprietary, but my other one held a good charge and lasted a long time.
If the Centro had larger keys for the keyboard and the ability to voice dial over Bluetooth, I would've given it 5 stars.  But as it is, it's almost perfect!
5558	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good radio for the price.  I boat on a river so the broadcast strength is more than adequate. I don't get it set so I can't speak to its water resistance.

This does not come with a wall charger though, just 2 USB cables and a carry bag.
424	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Now my galaxy 4 is complete thank to this so now I'm can watch my movies on my TV samsung

9713	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I needed to replace the battery in a few of my watches.  These fit perfectly and resurected a couple of watchees for me.  The vendor mailed them out promptly and I received them early.
Overall, I'm very pleased with the 8700g.  (Can't say that about either of my last two new phones - a Samsung and a Nokia.)  I also look forward to buying a Blackberry in the future when perhaps they've added Wi-Fi and improved the interface a bit.
2645	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've tried both the Motorola HS810 and the Treo bluetooth headsets, and this by far is the best one. The problem with Motorola is that it doesn't synch with the Treo 650 100% of the time; while the Treo headset has very poor volume (I need to be in a quiet room to hear anything). The Cardo Scala 700 has great fit (it sits right over the ear canal), great volume (even when driving with windows down), and it synchs with the Treo 650 all the time. This is the headset I'd recommend for anyone with the Treo 650.
EXTREMELY handy is the "profiles", which allow individual volume, behavior and wallpaper settings for different situations, i.e., "Truck" "Work" "Meeting" "Movie" or what have you.
My favorite thing about this battery pack is that it uses a modern day port to charge it...MICRO USB!! Most battery packs I've bought in the past require a proprietary plug or use mini USB.  What a pain since 90% of devices, give or take a few, use micro USB. Well the iTorch solves that problem for me. In fact, I've replaced all my other battery packs thanks to this one. No need to carry extra cables anymore for me! Yay!
9181	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	On a recent trip the IMP500 recharged my cell phone and operated and recharged my Nook color reader twice without needing recharging itself.  The Nook color reader has about an 8 hour battery life on its own. Using the IMP500 I was able to continue reading past 12 hours, plus it was 3/4 charged when I disconnected the NOOK. The IMP500 perfomed as advertised. It's easy to use and light to carry. When using the NOOK reader, I just dropped the IMP500 in my shirt pocket connected to the reader by the NOOK USB cable. I highly reccommend acquiring a short pocket if you do not already have one. Recharging is fairly quick with any of the standard usb chargers (the one it comes with, the NOOK charger, or an Apple IPhone charger).  This is good, since it measns carrying only one charger.  This is a simple device that solves a major problem of not havng enough battery life in the devices you carry. It also charged my iTouch-4 with no problem on th esame trip.
6008	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my third New Trent product, and I'm equally as pleased with it as I am with the others. This time, I went for the slimness and lightness versus capacity, and I am not disappointed. Well designed and made. Packs a lot of power for the money. I'm happy with this.
pro:
EQ: the three EQ settings are pointless, I can hear almost no difference between them, and the "EQ changed" voice is not particularly helpful.  I wish it would say "flat" or "bass boost" for whatever setting it gets switched to.
I went the velcro route, I did not have the time or the tools to install the screws, plus I did not want to mess with my console so I used the strips and I attached it in the storage space above my ashtray. I drive an 08 Accord and the room in there is pretty spacious allowing for fair usage of the space while the adapter unit is present. Something I was very happy about as I am now able to hook my phone and charge it as its stored under the adapter.


7879	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you're like me and have a 1st Generation iPhone then this adaptor is nice to have if you want to use normal headphones, earbuds, or if you want to run your music through a sound system.  I keep one of these in my office and another in my computer bag just in case.
1385	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I had zero issues reactivating my AT&T Go Phone with this SIM card.  I hunt in an area that my Sprint phone doesn't work but AT&T has roaming coverage so this makes it affordable to keep in touch with family and have peace of mind in case of emergency.
2780	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's a battery not sure if a review is necessary.  It's OEM, works as expected, and holds the charge. Price was right.

188	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got exactly what I thought i was getting. Brand new charger! and the price was beyond awesome!!! thank you
I found the H710 to be the worst of the three.  It's performance in noisy conditions doesn't compare well to the others.  It's fit is the worst, at least on my ear.  The H710 is definitely the loudest of the three, which could be a boon for many headset wearers.  Just don't plan on using it in very noisy situations.
3018	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	When I received this phone, the camera didn't work properly.  Sending a picture would cause the screen to turn white and it would take me back to the main phone display.  Amazon is sending me a replacement phone.
Very good buy and the right time to buy going by the current pricing
9472	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Installation was simple.  Antenna went on the roof which even held up in the recent snow storm we've had.  Cord is ran through a rear passenger door, under seat, and up to the dash.  Power works fine.  Lights up fine.
3108	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using fellowes screen protectors for years. They are perfectly adaptable for most phones and cameras, anything with a small screen. They do scratch after a while but what's nice  is they are super easy to replace. When they are removed there is no residue. Saves your screen.
the slide-out keyboard is another plus, that helps when doing texting, but I need to take a while to learn how to operate (press caps once for single cap, press twice for ALL CAPS; press dot once for numeric/symbol, press dot twice for all numeric/symbol)
3755	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice product.  I cut the cord off and hard wired it into my RV - works great.  It does draw some current (parasitic load), and I didn't check to see how much, but hopefully it's not too bad.
7815	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Will not stay in headphone jack
- My wife complains that the sound quality is not always perfect.
Mp3/Video Player- I haven't tried these yet but will be sure to have an update when I do try it. 0 stars
A somewhat quirky design issue is the ON/OFF button. Not clearly identified in the documentation, it took me awhile to find it. (It's at the top of the phone near the USB and power inlets.) It's flush to the phone and although my fingers are small, it is tough to depress it. I have to use my nail or the end of a pencil to get it to work. Hold it for about two seconds and it will give you the option for 'Off' or several profiles such as 'normal', 'outdoor', etc. I guess if you don't turn your phone off, and keep it on standby, it's no big deal.

1835	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	One of the better phones Motorola has put out in the past three years. Works well, great large screen, good battery life even when using bluetooth.
3189	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I returned this product soon after purchasing it. I have a, roughly, 1 mile dead zone on my drive from my house (rural) into the city. This dead zone is created from mostly foliage growing in the summer, and the two cell towers in this area just having a hair of non-overlap. Since I have prime and amazon prime has excellent return policies, I gave this a shot. But a week of trying and driving through the dead spot on purpose and nothing improved. No extra bars in the dead spot, and no improvement on the bars and reception in the areas where I do have service already. This was literally just a piece of plastic on my car. I have seen other reviewers saying that they have had success with these in stationary areas, so this might be worth a try if that is the main problem, but for me I get reception fine at my house.. on my car, moving, not so much. I gave 2 stars because other reviewers were saying it works in other applications, but a car repeater as described in the title? This is not.
3038	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfect on my 2006 trailblazer.
4765	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've owned my Razr2 for almost two years and I love it. Now that it's time to get a new phone, I've been looking around to see what replacements there are for my Razr, and frankly, there's nothing out there that I think is better. This phone is very well designed and it's easily my favorite cell phone ever. No, it is not a 'smart phone' or Blackberry, but it's slick, plays music, is easy to text on, easy to play games on, and has an SDHC mini expansion port. The screen is very nice and has reasonably good resolution. The camera takes decent photos, especially considering this design is over 2 years old. I'm still not sure what I'm going to replace it with once mine breaks; there doesn't seem to be another flip phone out there that is as sleek and nicely designed as this one.


6066	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We frequently travel to our cabin which doesn't have electricity.  If I use my phone very much, the battery charge is down to the point I cannot use the phone.  Without turning on a car or when we're on a walk, I cannot use the phone.  With the external charger, I can recharge the phone and have it available.  This is an easy product to use and practical.
3291	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	extremely good charger
They came with three different sized buds, but the ones they came with worked fine. They also have a small rubber band around the wires that the buds are connected to, which works well to adjust the length you need. The back of the buds is magnetic and attaches to the front. Has about a 15 foot distance where the bluetooth is reliable and doesn't start cutting out.

The bottom line though is that this phone has some serious quality flaws and therefore I do not recommend purchasing this model anymore. I give it 2-stars since the phone is still a very nice slider design with excellent software/interface.
6846	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good price


3656	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Didnt work at all,
9582	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	There are quite  a few reviews here that will give a perspective buyer a feel for the Pros/Cons of this product so I'll keep it short.
5485	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i was searching for an armband to workout with and finally settled on this one and I am so glad that I did. This arm band is comfortable and the iphone fits nicely into it. you will of course sweat under this but that is expected and a minor problem is that when the iphone slides into it, it goes down a little farther and the holes don't match up. But I really do use this everytime I work out and love it!
8918	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love this product its not to small and not to big the led flashlight works great for leaving work at night or coming home at night the lazer light works great for work presentations or walking a store and pointing out product in the oberhead  I have a iphone 4s it charges it to a full charge once and a half for my galaxy note 2 or my galaxy s3 it charges it almost to a full charge so either of my phone makes it through a 12 hour work day and more  I definately would recomend this product to anybody that needs a extra charge
Pluses:
Very easy to use.
I immediately put a fingerprint in the bonding glue. (no worries) it does not show. Installation requires a little thought and care. But this is inherent in the nature of the product and its application.
My biggest gripe is that there's no Wi-Fi.  If you live in an area with complete cell coverage then perhaps this won't matter to you.  I live in a semi-rural area where some locations have zero cell coverage.  However, within those areas are countless Wi-Fi hotspots where I could access the Internet.  This is absolutely necessary for my work.  To address this problem I picked up a Palm PDA.  To be blunt, however, I just wish Blackberry would offer this function.  It's something that professional reviewers on sites such as cnet note as a problem in all their reviews.
4762	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ok pros and cons here.
18	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I chose this case because it is so beautiful.  Everyone likes it and asks where they could get one.  Of course I was able to tell them where they could get it.  Beautiful!
5510	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I RECEIVED APPLE PHONE HOLDER THANK YOU BARGAINCELL FOR HAVING THIS ITEM I REALLY NEEDED I PUT ON MY CAR AND IS HANDS OFF MY PHONE.
It was packaged well. I was eager to install immediately to protect my investment.
359	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great Battery Case, Lasts me nearly 3 days on the go. Also durable so I don't have to worry about dropping it on the floor.
- Good battery life
Buttons are easy to find, even with the headset on your ear. I also appreciate that Nokia, on this device, gives you a (small) separate on/off button, along with the talk/disconnect button and volume/mute toggle switch.
4103	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I hadn't planned on writing a review for the Blackberry Rubberized Skin but I dropped my phone the other day on pavement, to my horror. When I picked it up, there was nay a scratch on my phone. That, is the true test of how protective this skin really is.






- pipe tape and gasket are included
9019	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Let me start off by saying I love this external battery. The size is smaller than others I have used, and the inclusion of the laser pointer and led are great additions. The one thing that is not clear is how it charges, which is brilliant. It uses a usb to microusb cable to charge the device so it can be charged by basically any modern phone adapter, but the best part is that once charged, the same cable can carried in the case (also a great addition) and then used to charge your phone (assuming it's not a iphone, which would require apple's usb cable). Great quality and good aesthetics.
4252	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This product rarely works properly. It needs to be powered off and back on between each call. Even power cycling the product it rarely actually works. Most of the time I cannot hear the person on the other end. Occasionally when I can hear them they sound electronic. Awful product. I replaced a Motorola Roadster 2 that began to fail after 2 years, even failing the Roadster 2 works better than this product.

- Battery life :(
Details -


869	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	These ear bud broke after only 2 month of use. My wife though them out.


6905	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	THE PRICE IS LOW AND THE PRODUCT WORKS WONDERFULLY. I PROBABLY WILL NOT HAVE TO BUY ANOTHER WATCH BATTERY FOR YEARS.



1536	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This unit has been very reliable over the last three years.  I've lost one and worn out the replacement.  It has suffered much abuse.  Even the slightest breeze makes it unusable, thats my only complaint.  Sound quality is very good and the ear piece fits me very well.
1837	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I've used up all my negative vocabulary talking about T-Mobile so I've had to go to the thesaurus now that I'm reviewing this abomination of a device. Let me count the ways in which the Razr fails horribly.
9222	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great
8392	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Made well for a noc-off, but wouldn't fit my daughters arm. It wounldn't adjust that small. I had to take it to a taylor. Works great now, but cost me $8.00 for the repair.
The directions say I'll see an increase in signal bars when my phone is in the powered booster cradle.  I may see one bar improvement, especially in the car.  In the house sometimes I do, but even if not the signal is almost always visibly better if the service out here is cooperating at all. Until I need it in the car, I'll continue to use it in the house and am pleased so far.  The antenna is inside the house attached to a metal bedstead.  There is way more cord than I need for this setup, but I'm so happy to have faster internet, I'm not complaining.

Too small: this size is NOT big enough for an iPhone 4S. You CAN stuff the iPhone 4S in--if you really HAD to--but I doubt you'd want to long-term. It's not a good fit. Get something bigger.
I didn't like the feature that it would not shut off itself after having unplugged it from my Iphone.  I have to manually remember to shut it down, although it probably uses extremely low power when on but not charging anything.

The battery life is really good in standby mode, and lasts several hours of talking. (and it does issue warning tones when the battery runs low, plus the phone issues a message saying "headset signal weak - switch to handset?"
- The card was free with purchase of my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sony-Ericsson-W580i-Grey-Phone-Unlocked/dp/B000U7UB7U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sony Ericsson W580i Grey Phone (Unlocked)</a>.
5371	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	To start off with the rubber has a loose fit around the hard case.  It doesn't want to fall off but a corner does pop up enough where one might feel like pushing it down all the time or even pulling on it.
3618	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It's laughable that people would rate this case lower than four stars. When you spend under $5 for a case designed to fit the latest and greatest smartphone on the planet, you're getting a workaround. That was my intention when I purchased the BoxWave.
2. Web browser is slow!
Brand New arrived DOA!
3738	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Dont bother. It creates so much interference with the radio, that almost all signal is lost.

Also, it would seem that if you leave the batteries in the unit while not charging they get drained over time.

935	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The second one - my wife stole the first one.  These things are great.  Good sound quality.  Perfect for exercise and house/yard work.  Lightweight and durable.  Does not fit my neck well - I wear a size 17.5" collar.  Probably a perfect fit under a size 16".
9270	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These are nice cases, but they do start to fall apart after a while.  You pay for what you get, but it will be time to upgrade by the time it does fall apart.  It just depends on how you treat the case.
While the Centro isn't as thin as several other models available, it was definitely thin enough.  I've become rather used to my Treo 650 for quite some time, so even the 755p fit well in my eyes, but the Centro was downright tiny.  It boasts pretty much all the bells & whistles that made the previous Treo's so popular, and it pulls all that off in a smaller package.  It even comes with Google Maps built in!  Now THAT is a nifty feature.  What I wish more than anything is for Palm to make the Centro and Treo 755p available to more wireless carriers than they currently do, although I certainly won't be holding my breath for that to happen.

4838	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I had to return this twice because there was weird noise and it was very irritating.  I had a good 710 before which I lost.  Although the seller replied promptly, courteous and returned money, purchase has been a bad experience because it didn't work properly.


Overall I'd say it's a good phone and would most likely buy another one.
- Good battery life.
(7) Easy to install and use, and is affordable

Games
  -Surprisingly she can read texts, she just can't send them.  So I can text her, she just can't text me back.
10. Larger then competitors but very light.
  - inexpensive
3. Volume is marginal - OK for quiet locations but not for stores, airports, etc.

5006	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Decent quality, purchased several, none of them would let the volume or pause buttons on the headphones work. Wouldn't buy it again.
Pros:
it does add a bit of bulk to the case but it's been worth it to me.
5232	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It started out working great and looking great. But it started falling apart after a few months
 * After about 6 hours, blue lights 2 & 3 are continuously lit - light 4 is blinking on & off -
9578	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	We have been using one of these at work for several months with good results, so I assumed it would work
Pros:

I've had my Dash for a few months and have been very happy with it.
Leather quality is good, also magnetic lock is nice.
7281	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
*your shortcuts can be a persons name or their picture...way too cool
Definitely worth it! I wish they had more designs though and not just solid colors :)

Recommendations for improvement: Allow for a bypass so that you can both charge the unit and charge a device connected to the unit at the same time. Consider changing your power cable to a standard micro-usb to allow it to charge using industry-standard chargers (both AC and DC).
drawback: 1. when phone call comes in, you will wait for longer time than single ear BT. 2. the size is big, can not put in your regualr pocket. 3. the pad easily drops, you may lose one of the two very soon. I used glue.
2114	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Very bad
6364	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	looks nice, and good for the price. But a little bit too tight, and hard to take out the phone.

The incoming volume is so loud I had to turn down to almost minimum. That is fine with me, however, the phones volume controls do nothing to adjust ether volume. The incoming has to be done on the headset and the outgoing sound is not adjustable in the headset or the phone.
My only wish is that it came in another color (chrome) other than white because it looks a little cheap but this is such a minor gripe, it really doesnt matter.
4616	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product

962	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	VERY COMFORTABLE, CLEAR VOLUME AND GREAT FITTTING AROUND YOUR NECK. DON'T TURN AROUNDYOUR NECK AS MUCH AS THE LG. GREAT
  -Middle button is for navigation/enter
3) It has 'velcro' to close the case, which is not convenient at all, and I need to press it a couple of time to ensure it is fully closed.
5007	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Not what is shown in the photo.  Mine was two feet long.
3. Cingular doesn't know anything about Amazon as a reseller and Amazon doesn't know anything about Cingular, so what you have to do is to call Cingular and have the UPS tracker for the package so when you return you can prove that you really did. Also, you'll need to print out all the return web pages and fax it to Cingular to prove you really returned it.
7813	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great for my application which is not for an iPhone
I suspect that some people have been having problems with the rubber, inner ear clamp because of the size or shape of their ears. Perhaps the best bet is to see if you can find one on display in an electronics or cell phone store, and try it out before you buy it. Personally, though, I've had no problems with this item other than that I lost the one I had, and that's my fault, not the product's fault.

*battery life has been good so far...I charge it every other day and when I do, I have at least 66% left
1574	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	When I first got this headset, I originally rated it at 4 stars. I've had it for 5 months now, and I'd have to lower the rating to 3 stars. I really don't hear much better with the headset than I did the Jabra headset I had before; it's a little better, but not worth the extra $45.00 in price. The other party can hear me better (which I attribute to the longer mic.), but they also hear everything going on around me too. The noise cancellation feature is not great. Also, I find the earpiece hurts my ear if I wear it much more than a half-hour. The battery life, on the other hand, is great. I can go several days on one charge. In summary, I'm still in the market for a better headset.
We haven't calculated exact length it lasts, so I'm not going to give any technical info here,but as many times as he's gone "HA! Your battery is at 45% and mine is STILL at 85%!"... yes, we're (he's) happy with it.
Sound quality was very good.  Only downside is slightly hard
Cons: Call volume could be a bit higher, so could MP3 playback volume. No card slot.
211	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	this was a complete waste of money. i keep trying to find an OEM car charger that is worth more that junk and have yet to find one. i always buy these knockoff ones and get screwed everytime
Over all, this is a great product and I recommend this to anyone who needs it. It's compact, it's cheap, and it does the job, aside from the minor design flaws.
9539	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this signal booster hopping it would solve our problems with the inadequate AT&T signal we get here at our house.

The problem was that those lobbyists were extremely expensive. To make matters worse, the phone companies knew that if they didn't get everything they wanted, they'd have to hire even more expensive lawyers to fight the laws.  So in exchange for agreeing to deregulation, they invented the beautifully-named Regulatory Cost Recovery Fee.  Hurray!
UPDATE Dec 1, 2008: The N95 now has a couple of worthy successors, each of which improve on its feature set in different ways: The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/N85/dp/B001IBIM00/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">N85</a>&nbsp;and the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/N96/dp/B001DN5030/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">N96</a>.  Personally, I'll stick to the N95 8GB though (see my N85 review to see why).
Cons: ---- a little heavy but strong, the button settings need to be memorized




The kickstand works, doesn't slide around, nice and firm. It clicks shut with two tiny tabs of plastic on either end of the kickstand, so I guess if over time those tabs break then it won't stay shut anymore. But for the moment, the tabs are really tiny and hopefully will not break anytime soon.

4033	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have been wanting to purchase one of these for a while now.  I finally purchased one and am glad to have this charger.  When I travel and have to sit in a conference room all day, I can just plug in my phone or headset to this charger and juice up.  I recommend it.
4910	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff great quality s
7525	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Melt belt clip slides off too easily but great other than that.


All in all, it was a good purchase and best of all is American made
6.  It fits more snugly on my ear and does not feel wobbly.  It does not fling out and want to leave my body.


Also, I think somebody mentioned that you can't charge it while using it-- I didn't have a problem with that. Plugged it in while talking, and it charged up no problem. Instructions say it takes 2 hours to charge, but I got it charged from dead to full in about 45 minutes. I'm not entirely sure how long the charge lasts-- but I can say that after some amount of listening to music (maybe an hour or so?) I talked on the phone for about 3-4 hours straight, and it was still going.
7411	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this product based in its name.  I have an ipod touch and a Droid phone. Pelican products rule. There is non better. Strong. Secure. Waterproof .

Plus it doubles as a flashlight and laser. I've had a blast getting my cats to chase after that little red light! oh, and it turns off after a little bit so you don't have to worry about accidentally turn it on and kill your battery. You actually have to press the button, and then tap it again to turn on the laser, or hold it to turn on the light. It won't come on in your pocket and if by some craziness it does... It will go out after a little bit.
 In closing I would like to recommend this product to anyone that owns and relies on portable electronics (just about everyone, right?). I couldn't be happier, and I can promise you it will get used!

Otherwise, it must be stated that I do like Nextel service and the web browser is the best of it's kind. You'll never call info with a "People-Finder", equivalent to White Pages and also a "Business-Finder". Movie times and all that other stuff as well, and "SNOCOUNTRY" tells you the amount of snow at any hill in America. That's nice.
9807	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Batteries are as advertised and arrived on time.  They appear to be fresh and worked well when installed in several watches.
off speaker phone. It is loud and clear. sometimes even
9046	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a must. My work bb battery wouldn't last a day. And there are times when I'm not near an outlet to plug it in. This is great for emergency power times. And on long flights, I plug my son's electronics in so he can watch movies and be quiet. A lifesaver!
After seeing how durable this phone was for my older son, I bought one for my younger son who adores it!  He doesn't abuse it quite as much and his phone still has all of the paint and no scratches on the screen. He really enjoys being able to have music on his phone. It's a very reasonably priced phone that's small and fun to use, perfect for teens.  Personally, I'm using a Sony Ericsson slider that has a few more features that I love (also very reasonably priced).
5920	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	awesome backup charger! recharges iphone multiple times on a full charge


9261	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for an affordable case and this certainly fit the bill.  I wanted clip and loops on the back so I could normally just clip to a belt, but when I was going to be in a crowded area or international trip I could have the added safety of the loops.  I've had friends whose cell phones were stolen in airports by clever thieves who can slip a clipped case right off a belt.

1. Very light weight, but solid construction.
When I first took it out of the box. My husband said, Holly Cow, that is clunky! It definitely is hefty and not made of some flimsy plastic. I figured I would give it a try for the charging aspect. And here are some of the things I don't like about it.
*PROS*
Another issue u should be aware of.  It's not just about 3G/4G, or the type of phone u own.  What matters is the frequency the carrier uses for voice n data.  This is not so clear, and rarely documentd where consumers can easily access it.... so to understand what products are best for your phone / carrier, call tech support and advise them of your phone and carrier, and they can give u the best options available for ur phone.  Also the location of the phones antenna on the back of the phone is important to know, as it must mate up with the cradle to transfer the signal to the wired antenna.  Added protective cases reduces effectiveness of these products as they reduce the signal transmission out of the phone....but from my experience, they still greatly IMPROVE the signal strength.
in my test installation, I just kind of toss the antenna onto the roof. So it was facing more up than towards any cell tower. When the correct cable through an open doorway, plugged everything in, and viola: 3 bars instead of 0 or 1. Fantastic call clarity.
It's actually kind of nice because the microphone on the antenna is protected from the environment (like dust) when the speakerphone is off.

Motorola after 3 months started giving me trouble..
Basically I haven't started to try the sound quality but honestly, I felt very disappointed with this due to the reasons above.(The charge connector keeps disconnect from jawbone while I am writing my comments now....)
842	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great sound... just wish I could charge them while in use.
2981	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Had to return it. Could not change the language from Chinese to English.
 I was able to charge BOTH the Galaxy S3 and the Ipod Touch 4g in full (back to back) without having to recharge the iTorch.
(Crimp connectors - feh!)

8428	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this little mount is perfect for the iPhone 3g. I use it in my Mazda Protege5 and it has no issues with falling off my windshield. For the price, its spot on...get this if you want to have hands free ability and know that your phone is secure
6349	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	First, to the critical review - to insert the SIM card you should have taken the stylus out...  or take phone to any store and ask for HELP.
CAMERA
Because I've owned many Moto's before so I like the RAZR's interface, since it feels familiar, but I can understand how it can confuse users new to the Moto scene.  Overall, though, I don't think it's harder to use than a Sony or Nokia.
Cons:
Cons:
That is not the case with this charger. If you are in fact using a 2nd generation shuffle, this thing works perfectly well.
(I have never had to re-pair with the headset that replaced this one)

2943	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Now I don't have to worry so much that my phone will die when I need it most. I carry this thing in my purse so just in case I turn on my phone and battery is low I can charge it anywhere.  It does take long to charge fully and maybe the charge does not hold as long but its not supposed to be an everyday charger.
Its still a deal-breaker that this thing is so sensitive that something like an extension cable will make it not work.
9084	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this item to have charging capability on the go for my smartphone. This product does exactly that. With the 5200mAh capacity, I get about 2 charges on my Galaxy S II Skyrocket. It also works on my tablet. I had considered add on battery packs that simply encase your phone in a larger case with a built-in battery, but the bulk really makes the built-in products less desirable. What I like about the iTorch is I can keep in in my briefcase or car and just pull it out when I need it. Also, another selling point is the versatility in that it works with just about any phone or tablet that uses a USB charger. So, even as I upgrade into the future, I should be able to continue using this product. As a plus it has a laser pointer and LED light built-in. The re-charge time seems fast and it holds the charge when stored, so it really does work as advertised. For the price, I think this is the best value out there.
389	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	my girl was surprised when she got her new case loves to check the mail to see if she gets more phone cases
1594	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Many good things have been written about this product and I agree with most.  I would like to comment on the things I didn't see a lot of before I purchased.
5874	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this and my husband bought the same for his EnV. They both fell apart inside of a month. The screw that holds the clip to the phone endlessly comes lose,causing the phone to fall right off. The only reason I gave it any stars is that the case is strong enough that the phones didn't break the many times they fell out. I think we have the answer to the above review asking how long the case will last......
4880	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This is my third bluetooth headset.  The H700 was great, nearly perfect.  Plantronics' 220 is not bad.  The H710 is nearly identical to the H700, but the outgoing voice quality makes it nearly impossible to use.  It sounds like you are talking through a piece of paper.  My friend also got one and also had the same problem.  We are unable to carry on a conversation using H710's on each end.  Too bad, because the physical engineering is excellent.
9651	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It's a good product that I like.
6146	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a must. My work bb battery wouldn't last a day. And there are times when I'm not near an outlet to plug it in. This is great for emergency power times. And on long flights, I plug my son's electronics in so he can watch movies and be quiet. A lifesaver!
Although I did like the controls and position of the buttons on the Tone+ better, I am very happy with my Motorola Buds.  I was recently using the Buds to speak with my sister who uses the LG Tone +(and both she and her husband have developed problems with their LG headsets similar to what I experienced). She had no idea I was on a bluetooth headset during the call, it sounded that good!  She is now watching for a good deal on Motorola Buds for herself.
7. CD and Manuals and a 30 day unlimited AT&T music download coupon
Recently I swapped my Blackberry 7100i for the 8700C.
Pro:
Pros:
I am keeping it for the rare time I am going into the wildness as backup. Need to look for something slimmer for how I use and carry my phone.
cons
*Really needs an external LED for missed call alerts etc
Performance: 5 stars
7359	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I am going to return phone it will not stay charged for more than an hour, that's the only problem so far but unable to use for extended time to see if there are any other issues.
Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!
6123	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I am adding this paragraph after owning this battery for about 12 months:  For a time, I was having trouble with this battery.  It would die and only wake up when plugged in to a charger. Then it would immediately show at least a half charge, sometimes more.  However, this glitch has gone away and it is working OK again.  Here's a possible user error:  I was charging a failing iPhone 3 and it had lots of other problems besides a weak battery.  It's possible that one of the problems with that phone was a short or near short in the charging jack.  I would have done some experimentation but then my daughter gave me her iPhone 5 in exchange for an iPad.  I am having no further problems with this battery now that I am charging a known good device.  My advice, from this single experience, is to give this product a try if you like it, or another New Trent external battery.  They answer emails and offered to evaluate this battery after I started having problems, but I decided not to bother since the problems have now stopped.  I'm raising my rating back to 4 stars, and if the problems don't come back at all, I'll raise it back to the original 5 stars I had on this review initially (below).

Overall, I'm extremely satisfied with the device and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a rechargeable external battery option.  On a scale of 1-5 I would give this a 4.5.  (Note:  I have only tested the device with the iPhone 4s)
Must to make sure it wasn't chance or error my wife and I drove the same route we get little to no signal in separate cars.  I used the drive booster and she didn't.  We did 3 trials. First just watching signal strength. Second was call quality. Third was data.  To avoid tangles with the law, my son and daughter were our lab partners.  The booster was consistently 1 to 2 bars stronger or had bars when the other didn't.  Call quality was a push and data followed signal strength.

6474	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I actually returned this item as I thought my old one was ruined after a bad thunderstorm, but tried the power cord from this and my old one worked still. I bought new DC power supply. I can say this is an amazing signal enhancer as I have no signal at my home in the country at all, but with this enhancer I have between 3 bars and full signal depending on weather,  and times of day when the airforce is flying planes around our home (we live 8 miles from afb). when they are flying at certain times of day our signal suffers a lot, but at least with this device we have signal, phone and text works great, but Internet suffers a lot when the planes are flying neat by
2839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	A great storage bag for the price.  My Zune 30GB fits perfectly in the cutout storage area.  There is plenty of space for all of my Zune accessories.  The case is a little big, it won't fit in your pocket or a small purse.  But I expect it would provide good protection for the contents if you accidentally drop it.  I would recommend this case to anyone that owns a Zune.
5702	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Does not hold on to the phone the glue on the sticky side was no good

120	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	good item
Since I have neither an Android smart phone or a Galaxy Tab for charging with the included cables, I'll confine my review to charging the new iPad and an iPod Touch. First I ran my iPad battery down to where it started warning me I was about out of power and indicated I had only 10% of my battery charge left. I connected it to my IMP52D with my Apple charging/data cable and turned on my battery charging circuit with a 2 second hold of the control button. The iPad charged from the battery pack for about 2 hours at which point the battery was exhausted and the unit turned itself off. Looking at the iPad, it took on a charge of about 40%. The iPad has a huge battery compared to most other devices so I felt this was about all that could be expected from this backup battery and charger. There is a larger battery in the New Trent IMP120D that will charge the same iPad to 80% of full charge but this model only gets you to 40%. When charging an iPad 2, the larger model will has a charge capability of 120% of full charge. The charger I'm testing will give you 50% of full charge on an iPad 2.
This is a great product and I highly recommend it to anyone with a smartphone that gobbles up battery power.  It's an absolute emergency essential and is barely the size of a deck of cards.  But having said that, I highly recommend buying the right cable for your phone and ditching the useless adapter plugs that are included with this kit.
It's neat, and well designed. The only downside is that the on/off and connected lights are weak, particularly with the roof down, but then they'd need to be searchlights to to be seen in those conditions.
These are older, leftover stock (mine was dated 2008) so the included AAA battery it comes packaged with will almost certainly be dead, don't let that fool you into thinking the unit itself is defective. I recommend this as a reliable unit at a very low price.

7082	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The battery lasts longer than the standard one.  It works just fine, and having an extra battery around at all times is a necessity if you use any of the media applications on the Droid.
5574	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	SMALL I wanted a 2nd radio to carry on my person in case I fall off the boat. (F18 sail boat)  ALL the radios failed reviews for "water proof" so I didn't expect it (and it does LOOK POOR ON THIS RADIO - BAD TO NO SEAL) so I purchased the  Kwik Tek dry pak.  Will carry the radio in that dry VHF radio case in my dry suit pocket.
3. Fits snugly inside the ear, won't feel it's there.
3)  Button Placement.  While avoiding touching the front screen it is real easy to hit the buttons to open a note, surf the net, and operate the camera.  These programs were ran the most but 80% of the time it was by accident because of where the buttons are placed.
My main reasons for purchase were
The build quality of the headset is great as well.. The headset is about 2 inches from earclip to mic.  Its very small and very comfortable to wear.  The ear clip is removable to you can use it on either ear as well.  The buttons feel solid as well.
In addition to the fact that it works, the charger has an excellent look and feel. It's obviously not a toy as is the case with some of the others.
I agree with some people that what sound quality is not as good as a normal speakerphone, but this unit for the price provides good quality, portability and unique features that I have not seen at all at any price.  The only thing I have been unhappy with so far is that it auto turns off feature.  I did not give it 5 stars because of the sound quality issue and the auto off feature that is a little short for me.
1215	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Poor range.  Static when a body part got between the phone and headset.  Poor volume.
1384	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It was so much easier to buy this off amazon than to go a store and have to deal with the sales person.  Amazon you rock.
- great screen
9864	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked well!  Bought this years ago and just now decided to write the review.  Phone is long gone now, but this worked well when we had it!  Kind of miss these phones ;)


Product is high quality and packaged well.
* The in-ear earpiece. I use and prefer headphones that form a tight seal in your ear, blocking external noise--like this unit does. The Nokia model fit into the ear but wasn't designed to "seal" the sound; as a result, it was basically useless in my car (where I expected to use it most), and not much better even in quieter areas. But because this Plantronics model blocks external noises, I can actually hear the conversation, even when driving my car at highway speeds with the windows open.
Bottom line is that you SHOULD NOT buy this headset, but you should buy the Samsung Wep200.  That Headset is excellent for the price and very light in weight  That headset is also the one you want if you like ear buds like myself.  I don't like big bulky "Android" looking Blue tooth sets that take up a bunch of room.
2224	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Genuine, high quality and sturdy Nokia product.  A little tricky to plug in to the phone (hold your tongue just right) but connects just fine.
I have a low feeling that these things can be put on mobile phone. (For what?)

The only con to this device is the fact that it takes a really long time to charge the iTorch itself.  It does have 5200mAh inside of it so it should take awhile to charge up.  I wished it charged up faster but oh well.  Even if the iTorch is charged up to 2 bar, it still charge my phone up to full battery.
8692	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Makes buttons hard to push and the center wheel all but useless. Used it for a day then took it off. I should have gotten one that just covers the back and sides leaving the entire front open.
***Update:
4796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Cute little screen cleaner that goes everywhere.


In terms of design and functionality, I find the physical dimensions and design to be very pleasant. It slips VERY easily into any pocket, and is less bulky than some of the other battery chargers I have.

2440	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love my Motorola Bluetooth Case. Now, I don' have to wear my Bluetooth on my ear all day long, or worry about losing it lmao. Thank you.

It was worth the wait
4973	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It worked only for two months then stopped working, well, it works on one side only, the other earphone get no sound.

I have had it for a good year or two now, and it is still going strong. I am a college student and definitely am on my electronic devices a lot, and carrying this around in my backpack has saved me many times. I can charge my phone and friends' phones from my backpack in the middle of class. I get about 2.5 charges on my iPhone 5 from the charger. I plug it in to charge when I go to sleep and it is fully charged by the time I wake up, using just a 1 Amp charger brick.
2720	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this case as a spare case because the one I originally ordered was going to take a while to get to me.  I use this case for my phone during work days, I work maintenance for a high school.  It is a nice sturdy case which fits into my cell pouch on my belt. The only issue I have with it is that when I take it off to clean it the areas I touch the back of the case will not come clean. I have use cleaner on the case and even sent it through the dishwasher on the low heat cycle.  The areas are still dirty, oh well it is for work so I should expect it to get dirty.
5043	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It does the job so far.  Time will tell.  Always wary of things shipped directly from Hong Kong. But for a little over $2 I'm not going to get too upset If it doesn't last long.
I only have a couple of minor gripes about this headset.  First Motorola went to a micro USB connector instead of a mini USB that was on the H700.  I don't know why they chose this because the reality is that the connector is not smaller, it just has fewer pins.  Yes you can get an adapter for $5 but I wish it came with it and a standard mini USB power adapter (like H800 does).  The AC adapter for the H710 has the micro adapter so it will just stay in the drawer (now that I have the adapter).  My second gripe is that the H710 only comes with a single size earhook.  It fits me just fine but my wife finds it to be just a little big.  The H800 came with three earhooks which I thought was nice.



7390	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Product arrived quickly from New York and was as ordered.
- Holds charge for many days when unusued

I have it positioned on the left side of my windshield, closest to the side rear-view mirror (just above my inspection sticker) attached to the windshield. That way it is close at hand, but NOT in my line of site.
I used to put the set in my pocket between calls.  Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.  I contacted the company and they indicates that this is because if the loop doesn't break, the headset itself would break instead.

4435	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Well, my original V3's battery finally decided that one phone call was too long to retain a charge, but shopping it seemed like a nightmare of bad products out there and Moto didn't sell the BR50 anymore direct. Well, I figured at this price, I could try it.
5124	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	The connection is good only at home. 20 miles away from home, you get connection only by LUCK. Do NOT depend on it.
- The styling and the chrome trim looks cool!

As an aside.. the Airmotivs are also very good!  For an extra $50 over the 4S models you get twice the power (50 vs 25-watts) and only a slightly bigger cabinet.  Spend the extra $50.
6918	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I install them in watches and the watches start working again which tells me these batteries work. when used in my personal watches I know I will get a good 2-3 years life from them.
  - inexpensive
The reception was ok only when withing 5 ft away, and only when there was nothing blocking in-between..  It was one of the most secure bluetooth headsets I have ever had until then, but at a very painful price to pay.  Majority of the time, the disconfort and pain goes away or you just get used to it, but not with this headset, is design in such a way that the only way you can ensure it stays firm in your ear is my angleing it just right, meaning the ear piece that goes into your canal will be pushing very hard against it..
Not music compatible
the go. Perfect for the quick charge of your phone when there aren't any
I don't think I could have picked a better phone!
7053	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Battery worked just fine.
5501	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is great but I do have one complaint. Since I have a smaller arm, the strap is too big for me and it falls off if I am wearing a short sleeve t-shirt when I run. I have had to sew on more velcro in order to make it smaller for me. Other than that, I am pleased.
8229	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This barrier is perfect for my ford escape and allows me to bring my dog anywhere easily without having to lug his huge crate around. He is a year old 65lb black lab and this barrier works well to keep him in the back of my car. I gave it four stars because the instructions were hard to follow and we found some typing errors which meant we pretty much had to put the thing together ourselves. It was fine but took a bit longer. Once it was put together, it was easy to install in the car with two people and doesn't effect my driving.
4532	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The best
2394	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have owned 2 of these and its the best bluetooth I have used. I like it much better than the WEP400 I am currently using. I gave one to a friend and the other to girl when I got my WEP400. I wish I would have given away the WEP400 instead. This is a great product. It has only fell out of my ear once. Go ahead get one you will not regret it.

7790	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Tried the Jawbone and could not make it fit.  Sent it back.
Web Browser


The iTorch has a great hand feel. Immediately out of the box I noted the different from the other chargers I have used. The smaller design with smaller LEDs makes it not only functional, but aesthetically pleasing to both touch and sight. I look forward to the ability to keep my devices charged and ready by using this well made product.
The price on this is excellent.  It a great value given the workmanship and functionality.
8478	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	worked as expected and kept as a emergency radio for boating.
Yes, the unit gets hot, but per the company, it is supposed to get hot. On the company website, you will find this, "Does your booster get warm? No worries - the booster can get warm and the cable connections can get hot. Boosters can operate 20 degrees over ambient temperature, possibly reaching temperatures of 150 degrees Fahrenheit. Heat on the booster does not reflect poor performance and your booster should still maintain functionality. For instance, our cradle boosters do get warm and the antenna connector does get hot to the touch - we recommend only touching this when the booster is powered off and you are adjusting antennas/cabling. If you feel like your booster is producing too much heat, and you are not seeing any signal improvement, please submit a ticket request (found on this page)."
* The outgoing sound wasn't much better then most. I was told that I sounded like I'm talking....."in a tunnel" & "on a headset"
best screen out there
2493	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It acted as thought it was muted when it wasn't. I tried it on two separate cell phones and it did the same thing on both phones. The person being called could hear the first syllable and that was it. I did try to turn the mute off, all it did was change the frequency of the buzzing sound the other person heard.

MP3 FUNCTION - This is the main attraction point of this phone and on this end Samsung has done a decent job. The song title displays on both the internal and external screen and it is easy to create playlists and navigate to the song you want.  The phone also supports micro sd cards so you can have a 2gb MP3 player everywhere you go!  The main problem is that it comes with no headset and it has a proprietary connector so you have to buy the Samsung brand or just get yourself some bluetooth headphones!  The phone does have an internal speaker that surprisingly sounds decent and gets loud enough to be able to share your music in a car or quiet room.  The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.  This is extremely frustrating because you have to hold down the unlock button so that you can get them to work again.  Why couldn't samsung just reverse the function and make the buttons stay on until you decide to manually lock them??
3805	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently got this phone to replace the Motorola Q.  This is a great phone.  The features are very easy to use and the entire phone is user friendly.  The keyboard is a little small, but other then that it has been flawless.
7998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	For the price (I paid maybe $5.00 total, including shipping), it's excellent. I had no trouble with the cable at all.

If you are looking for a low profile case with a little texture for the Samsung Galaxy S4, this is a fine choice.

6017	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Here is my detail review first time.

1738	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a very durable charger/sync cord! Works great for both. I've had it for about two weeks and it's great! I recommend it very much
5621	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price on a product that is usually out of stock locally.

- Low-res, monochrome LCD screen (See customer images)
- Thin, Stylish
6076	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i am very happy with the external battery charger. once fully chared, i was able to charg an iPad2 from 20% to full and an Kindle from 15% to full before it nedded re-charge. Charging iPhone did not use much power at all so i am sure it can charge iPhone many times before needing a re-charge. It is nice and compact and a great companion on the road as i travel a lot. i will recommend it.

908	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really like these, easy to use and set up. The buttons are easy to reach and use, it's definitely not going to blast you out but that wasn't what I was looking for.
867	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really like these but the don't sit on the back of the neck just right. They are a good headphone though.

6868	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great...

7076	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My phone went dead and I ordered this one. Now I have a working phone again. Love it! Especially for the price.



2608	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have 2 of these headsets and have used them for years.  They are simple to use, comfortable, and cheap.  The sound is probably better on models that use a more in-ear, earbud style fit, but this does a good job with it's universal fit, and stays on my ear very well.
So I get my Z9 today. Menus seem clear and simple enough. I'm coming off 5 previous Nokias over the past 10 years, my last Nokia was a 6102i and let me say if they had put an SD card slot on it it would have been perfection for me. I really do love my Nokia and I like simple, easy to use phones with a hint of fun. But it's obsolete with its 4MB memory (I wish I was joking). The screen is beautiful. I put in my 4 GB microSD card...not nar a problem, it has easily been recognized by my computer and is ready to go (it's downloading as we speak!) The exterior is nice, the color really is not as bright red as you see in these pictures, it's very rich looking. I'm not having any problems with the keyboard (the Shine bugs me more with the lip at the bottom). I think this is a wonderful upgrade, really nice introduction to Motorola for me, the RAZRs just didn't catch my eye but this phone has a very classy look to it.
Theses companies make their money by selling junk, counting on the Amazon customer not to feel it is worth the hassle to return it. For every one I have to return I lose an hour of my time. My time is worth more than th $10 I get ripped off for. But I do it anyway b/c hopefully at some point AMAZON is going to take responsibility for the conduct of their market sellers. AMAZON's new logo is to become the most customer centric company on earth. Well AMAZON, you can start here: Bargain Cell -- which is one of the worst offenders, Wireless Phone Accessories and now the OEM Shop -- what a joke for a name for the last one since clearly they KNOW they are selling counterfeit batteries.
9989	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good deal
1 - The ear piece doesn't stay in my ear. Why in this day when earpieces and headphones all have interchangable buds does this not? Groan.
8467	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very compact radio, small and fits very well into a pocket or small bin/storage area.  This radio uses three AAA batteries that are rechargeable.  The features are nice on the radio.  The speaker is good as radio checks come in loud and clear.  I tested the mic with my mounted VHF and the sounds from the mic are loud and clear.  All in all a good back up radio.  I would purchase this again.
8004	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	OK, so I bought this multi-charger for Labor Day so that my friends could charge their various devices.
My only complaint at first was putting the thing on with one hand while
I have to say it was great and was worth the money!!!

Pros:

It doesn't matter how good the sound quality of the headset might be if the device can't maintain a wireless connection.
1727	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had a RAZR V2 and it was the best cell phone I ever had so I up graded to the RAZR V3 late last year (2007).  The RAZR V3 is by far the worst cell phone that I've owned.  It is beautiful and has great features but it keeps failing I have had 5 of these phones so far (the original purchased one plus 4 refurbished replacements) 1st phone: after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 2nd phone would not charge from the get go / 3rd phone after about a month the screen would no longer light up / 4th phone after a couple of months the screen would not light up / 5th phone has been working for about a month now.  I really like the RAZR phones, WHEN THEY WORK but this V3 model has been terrible and I would rate it lower than 1 star if possible.
1440	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I found this bluetooth to thick to fit comfortably behind my ear.  It is way to thick.  When I used it and tried it out, I did enjoy the sound quality but I couldn't wear it.
2. The earloop broke after a free fall from waist level after 5 months of use. Seems like the plastic used on the earloop isn't strong enough.

Also interesting that when I told them I had relieved the loop problem with a custom bent paper clip, they never asked to see it.  They don't seem interested in improving the feel of this product on the ear.
- Mobal provides a SIM PIN if you wish to lock you phone. It's not required, but it will prevent unwanted use if you happen to lose your phone.
THE ISSUE WITH THE volume control doesn't concern me since I use the phone's volume control most of the time.

Reasonable price, approx 2x the cost of an inexpensive bluetooth headset
1) protects my phone the best from breakage or scratches
2462	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	It is NOT compatible with the KRZR K1m. I emailed the seller and was told that they are aware of this. They did refund my money, which was nice. But I still don't have headphones, which is not.

9707	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great!!!
I have discovered recently that this headset does not work well with my new Moto Droid.  Reception problems made it nearly impossible for the other person to hear what I was saying.  I finally had to part with it, along with my old Moto Razor, and replaced with a Jawbone II and a Moto Droid.
3561	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I use these to attach little digital recorders to people's belts for use with lav mics. You can attach these to a Zoom H2 or H1 for example and avoid using a wireless mic (for which there are ups and downs to this setup).
6609	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Worked as described but wish it was a bit more consistant/stronger.  Make sure you have signal somewhere 1-2 bar minimum before buying.


Great battery life!
2554	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	At first glance, this product seems not as expensive as it looks in the picture. So I got initially disappointed. Looks plasticky/jelly.
If you value your investment in your smart phone, such as a BlackJack I or II, or any similarly sized phone, get this case.  The best part - I think I spent about $2 for it here on Amazon.com.

3693	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Cute case. Easy on easy off.
3398	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When my wife and I moved in together, she brought over her Wii and wanted to connect it to my 50" Sharp HDTV that I have setup in the living room. I wasn't using anything composite/analog on my television, but since she's my wife, I had to make do. I almost plunged and bought the component cables Nintendo sells for $34.99 at Best Buy. Thankfully I did an Amazon search before heading out to the store.
7663	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	12-05-2010 Purchased a NEW Motorola RAZR2 v9X unlocked for for my dad who lives in Thailand for  $225


complicated piece of technology, so I don't expect a lot of "Wow!" moments.
2903	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My apartment in the center of a major city is a mysterious dead zone for cell phones - all but one major carriers' signals fail to reach my living room. I can however get 2-3 bars at the windows and balcony. After doing some research I found that this is exactly the situation the Wi-Ex product is supposed to address - and it does so almost perfectly. After spending about 30 minutes mounting and connecting the parts, I am able to get 4 bars throughout the apartment! There is no noticeable difference in call quality compared to what I can get outside the apt.

7075	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	They sent the wrong battery for the suggested phone. However they are working on sending the correct battery for the phone.

First impressions when opening up the box was that it is smaller then what I expected.  It's over an inch shorter and over a 1/2 inch less wide then my iPhone 5.  It is a little bit thicker then the iPhone 5 with my Otterbox Defender case on it.  It's a very attractive unit.  Black of course with a chrome bezel around the front.  There's a single flush button on the front with four blue leds above it.  The flush button is nice as it prevent it from getting caught on something and accidently turned on.  There's a micro and regular usb ports on the top along with a laser pointer light and an led light.  The device can easily fit in a shirt or pand pocket and it rather light.  The unit appears very well built.  The package contained 2 usb cables.  One with a micro usb on one end and a regular usb on the other used for charging and android based phones.  The other is a Galaxy Tab charging cable. Also included were an instruction manual, and a nice drawstring pouch to keep it in.  The pouch is a nice addition to keep the attractive unit from getting banged up and scratched.  These devices are very simple to use and because I get excited with every new device I get in my hands started charging it right away.  I plugged the included micro usb into the IMP52D and the other into an Apple cube type usb/ac adapter.  The indicator lights show the charging progress with flashing and solid leds.  The solid led indicates the current level and the flashing one is the level it's working on.  Total initial charging time was 2.5 to 3 hours.  Note that the leftmost led only illuminates when the device it connected to (charging) another device.
Also - BEWARE of re-ordering an item from your past orders. I had initially purchased a similar item from X-eParts (aka, eForCity), which worked GREAT with my devices. I wanted to order more of those. However, since the seller no longer carries the item, Amazon quietly shuffled me off to a different item with a different seller. That's a little deceptive.
3037	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Installed in my 2006 Buick terraza along with a boss bv9356 head unit and I'm happy with how it turned out.  If you want to keep all factory accessories with your head unit, your gonna need this.  I know I could have Jerry rigged and bypassed my options but I wanted to keep it right.
It seemed strange to me why the black version was 50-$100 more expensive (and popular) than the silver one, which raises the question, why make the silver version?
5611	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I use these at the gym, connecting my favorite MP3 playlists. Great sound,no difference between the wired headphones and these. I've also have used them to make calls and receive calls on my phone(not often), people tell me that I sound fine. NOW the glitch, I use these strictly for music listening on the train, or connect to my laptop for movie watching and they work great, but I do notice that if I'm listening to music with my Blackberry curve and a call comes in the music shuts off and I can't hear the person calling me. I don't know if I'm doing anything wrong, I do press the connect button on my phone and no sound. If I call out to a party, no problem. Since I'm using them as headphones for listening only, no problem!


So far, I'm really pleased with the purchase. I realized after I bought it that for a little more money I could have gotten one that charges my iPad too, so if you have an iPad you might want to check that out. But seriously, anyone with an iPhone (which I LOVE), knows the batteries aren't great (especially if your phone has a little age on it), so this is something you probably need. I think it's really great. Highly recommended!
A737 AS AN MP3 PLAYER: 1 star
The headset also features an action button, mute button and a volume control. Each action is signaled by a corresponding chime.
645	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a Palm Tungsten E2. Perfect fit, Nice design. Can use all accessories (ac power, usb cable, sd card, stylus) without having to take the E2 out of the case. Couldn't be happier.
909	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Brought as a gift and love it
I have had this installed for over a month now, I kept the box because I was expecting to have to return it, nope, it's a keeper. If you have a weak signal that needs to be amplified, and your primary concern is getting a steady signal in a designated area of your home, this will work great for you. It also works with 3G and 4G data, I am impressed with it all around.
741	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This works perfectly for my application. This is one part of 5 items I used to connect my second 12VDC battery to a  new item on my boat.
I am not as impressed with the 3rd generation as I was with the first generation. This phone is a lot slower than my old, and lags quite a bit. I also cannot connect it to my Linux laptops like I could with my other. I believe it's because the phone mounts the disk, and it cannot be unmounted. This is probably my biggest problem with this phone. I could do this with the first phone. I have had times when the phone does stupid things like shut itself off. At first I was worried, but the alarm will ring even if the phone is off, so I have reliably used it as an alarm clock when I am on the road.
5266	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This charger works fine.  At a fraction of the price you'd pay at the phone store, this gets the job done.
8764	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this so my wife would have something to put her iPhone 3G SIM card in when she didn't want to have the iPhone with her. It fills that need pretty well.
The volume level is excellent as others have commented.  I used to keep the volume near max but with this headset I can keep it around mid range.  It also has auto volume adjust to compensate for noisy environments.
Positives:
-Short power lead for +12V (1", no joke)
952	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good
9290	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The case is a little cumbersome to put on, and some dust and junk gets stuck around the holes. The case is lined with soft material, and is rubbery on the outside, a rubbery coating on a hard plastic inside. It protects the phone well, although it can pop off if dropped (the energy goes to popping it off, the phone comes out unscathed). It comes with a belt clip, although with its popping off ability, I'm skeptical of that.



The volume is just loud enough with my Samsung phone jacked up to high - I just have to remember to lower the phone volume when I do hand-hold it, or everyone around me hears my caller's voice.
I'll call their support number to try and make the 590's work for Skype calls.  I hope they work out, because they're light and sound great.
Secondly, (a replacement for the damaged item I had received) - as for the Wilson Cell Phone Signal Booster for Small Home item itself, this item really only boosts about a 400-500 square foot area and I and say square foot because it barely even boosts anything on the first floor (no -- make that:  IS USELESS on the first floor!).  Perhaps Wilson might want to re-label the item "for efficiency apartment "home"  "?  I am working on an alternative solution for the first floor however, I am considering returning this item as well as per false advertising.

3498	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I totally love this phone case! It fits my new phone perfectly! I'm glad I took the time to look further to find this particular one with the lovely design as all the other Otter cases were very generic looking. I've received many compliments on this case and of course, where did I get it!!
3. Occasional crashes; especially if you load it up with unstable 3rd party software

1037	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	OMG I had no idea why I was getting so ill. This told me why! The power conditioner on my desk was off the scale. Our hybrid car was off the scale, and tried to go further off the scale when you press the break peddle. All our "energy saving" light bulbs were off the scale. Now we're testing everything and we're in a MUCH better environment. Both of us are concentrating better, sleeping better and generally feeling better.




1607	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	What attracted me to this particular headset was the brand.  I trust plantronics because of past experience with the brand.  Simply put, they make some of the best headsets on the market.
In addition to the fact that it works, the charger has an excellent look and feel. It's obviously not a toy as is the case with some of the others.

All this leads me to a solid conclusion: the Treo 600 kicks its butt.  PalmOS, SD card support, most mature synchronization utility available.  Aside from the cool camera functionality, this phone is not the best you can buy, leading me to believe that the true future of mid- and high-end phones, as well as PDAs of the same class, to be full convergence of the two.  And so with that in mind, get this phone if it's free with a new contract... then wait for smartphone prices to drop.
I LOVE this charger and highly recommend it!!!

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jabra-BT250v-Bluetooth-Headset-with-Vibrating-Alert-Retail-Packaged/dp/B0007UC5U6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jabra BT250v Bluetooth Headset with Vibrating Alert [Retail Packaged</a>]
9633	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good Battery
Installation is simple.  Simply route the antenna cable along the vehicle and place the antenna on the outside of the vehicle (magnetic attachment).  The cradle is powered by a DC adapter.  Simply place the phone into the cradle and use the phone's Bluetooth interface to speak hands free.  The biggest advantage for safety is that one cannot text and drive while using this device.  There is a port for charging your smartphone, too.
2. Great sound!
Like others, I don't like the fact that it comes without an AC adapter. There are several adapters on Amazon that have an AC plug on one side and a lighter socket on the other; for me this is a must-have, as I like to charge the Jabra at night and use it during the day without worrying about a cord.  I would also like to see a slightly lower profile visor clip, as the one they include seems to be designed for a sun visor that's about twice as thick as the one in our vehicles.

What I settled on was the PowerBear 7800 battery and the wireless receiver listed in the link below, unless this review is the one for that receiver. I got and installed the Powerbear battery and two back covers. I first installed the wireless receiver and then popped on the hard plastic back plate. I then tested to see if the phone would charge on my pad. It did, on two separate brands of pads without issue. I then added the protective soft rubber back cover and tested the phone on the pads again. To my surprise it started to charge with both cases on it.

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H300-Bluetooth-Headset/dp/B0016L98XM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H300 Bluetooth Headset</a>
What you have here is a headset that works great, but won't win any beauty contests.  Though I wish it had a few improvements, it's very functional and a great value for < $50.  It performs as well as any of its prettier counterparts at a lower price and is comfortable to wear.  Four stars.
8642	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	They are what the description is, it has a cleaning cloth and the two sheets of protective film (no application tool though). The outside one is easier to put on, although you still might get a piece of dust stuck inside. The inside one is much trickier. The application instruction labels are sticking out where you need to insert the film into the gap between the hinges, so you have to at least partially peel back both the bottom "before/during" and top  "after" to get it on.
-  Matte finish. No more finger print!
8332	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I went from an N95 to this phone and I am not disappointed. From the great camera to the available applications, it works very well. Battery life is excellent and I have dropped it a couple times on hard surface with little obvious scratches. Signal quality is great anywhere you find yourself. The only thing I don't like as much is the predictive text feature. T9 is better and easy to use.
Cons:
5878	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Received in about a week. Fits fine. I've taken it off and put it back on a few times already and no problems. Not seeing the same issues as some other people. You can't just yank it off and maybe that's what some people are doing. There's some hinges that you have to press to remove the casing. Only issue is you can see the white plastic around the edges. Only the outside shell is painted leaving the interior and edges white. Just use a black marker to clean it up.

So, there you have it -- relatively inexpensive, extremely simple to use, cleverly designed, works beautifully, and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
- It would be nice if they supplied a carrying case. You might want to purchase a small, hard-cover case for it.
1606	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	On the strength of the very high rating and huge reviewer feedback here on Amazon, I bought this Bluetooth device -- my first bluetooth headset ever.  I finally have a phone that has Bluetooth capability, and I was keenly interested in a wireless headset that wouldn't have the cord tangle issues of corded headsets.
The only draw back is when the keypad lights up the cover is over the keys and you can't see the lighted keys.
3866	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Awesome


I'm very happy with my Centro.  I could have paid $150 MORE for a nicer smart phone like the HTC/Sprint Touch, but then I'd have to feel guilty about my unnecessary purchase (and the Touch has it's own problems too).  Thanks to the Palm Centro, I now have a good, fun smart phone without breaking the bank. I'm anxious to see what Palm cooks up next for this market!

But to be completely honest with you, after trying a number of `prettier' headsets that either break easily, lose their pairing with the phone frequently, or just plain don't work as well I am all for sacrificing form for function.
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.
2682	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product works great! Thats why I bought a second! I now have one and so does my husband to talk on.
Which leads to my main beef: fit. As many have noted fit is this device's biggest weakness. I am using the largest rubber thingy and it is still somewhat loose in my ear. I can shake my head and it won't fall out, but it just doesn't really feel like its well-placed in my ear. I am going to keep it just because it works so well, but it's a serious bummer that this drawback keeps it from being my perfect headset. They must have really small ears in Samsung R&D...

1008	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Read a lot of reviews saying these don't work but I can attest that in a metal building they will give you at lest one extra bar of signal.
He needs a excellent quality cell phone without all the "blout-ware" music, internet, ect, ect, ect,

* Fabulous design with superior comfort and ergonomics.
If you need a cheap headpiece, this is worth it, I want to try the other ones too so maybe later.
1231	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After trying the Motorola HS 810 which would feel like it was always falling off or falling off, I tried several Bluetooth headsets at the Sprint and Cingular stores. Other than the Jabra, they were all the same, they had a loop that you hook onto your ear, so they did not fit.
--Responsive enough. No long annoying lags.

6190	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Since I started using my iPhone 4, I have been searching for a compact battery that can keep it going. I spend large amounts of time away from home and needed a battery that would not break the bank. After using an equally expensive battery from anther company, I did some research and came across this battery from New Trent. I have not been disappointed with this product.


This is a good case. Performing exactly as it should.  It has already saved my phone from a screen face down fall.




--the steel is the body and thin contruction is truly attractive and durable (so far). The thin-ness makes it perfect fit even in tight jeans, so helps you prevent losing this phone. No excuse to your boss for not carrying it everytime as well. If I am an IT director, I would be issuing this phone rather than the N95 that I see with our plant managers.

8416	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	recomiendo al 100 % confiable y responsable . . . . . . . . . . . . .
1899	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	just don't like it, heavy, feels like it wil fall off, AAA battery powered. not happy with it. doesnt link to music from phone just calls.
6362	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this item from Amazon.com

Good case overall - it does limit the opening ability so it can't open all the way....but all the way isn't needed.
5038	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this item because I have a Juice Pack case for my iPhone 5 that has a recessed headphone slot. The ones that come with the Juice Pack are terrible, and we burned through 5 of them in about a month. So far this one is going strong and shows no signs of quitting. I've only had it about a month so far, but if anything changes I'll come back to edit my review.
*Cons*
Additionally Samsung claims that the Balckjack can perform as a blackberry however, after I purchased it, I found it is not. You can communicate (limited) with a blackberry server, however you need to load a 3rd party client software on your computer and for it to sync your messages throughout the day the computer needs to be on and running. Plus any meetings and Tasks are lost completely. I really think Samsung should explain this better and I feel Samsung really wanted to release something big and crammed a whole bunch of features into a slim sleek package but never tested it with 'real' consumers with 'real world' type usage.
Phone is a bargain and does what it should. I do not regret my purchase.
I am giving them 5 stars.
The flashlight and the laser pointer are a few extra fun perks and you can use it to show off to your friends.  It's useful at times when you really do need a flashlight and since I always have the iTorch with me now, I can easily whip it out of my purse and use its flashlight.

First I ordered this product and received it the next day, thats impressive since its from a third party shipper not amazon.
We have a Virgin chip we use in the UK, but had to buy a new SIM chip in a shop on arrival Ireland (Virgin does work there, but at much higher roaming rates.).  We have been to several countries, and I have usually bought SIM chips ahead of time on Ebay. Guy in shop recommended Meteor as best deal for Ireland, and it worked great.
9373	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	loving the booster's boost! I coupled it with a directional antenna for my motorhome and they get 4 or 5 bars - without this setup I'd get 0 to one bar...
Being able to browse the web without going through Danger's servers first, and seeing an IE view of the internet is a wonderful thing. I can't tell you enough how happy it makes me to be able to just go directly to a website. I can see things on sites that used to be filtered.
2213	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ok. This review will be easy. I'm a crackberry enthusiast. I owned the previous 7105t and loved it the minute I started using it. What I love the most about these phones is the user interface (UI). Most other models use menus that are tedious and downright annoying. Blackberry software gets it right 100% of the time. With the use of a scroll wheel, menu selection and choice is fast. Couple this with the full sized keypad of the 8700g and you've got one powerful, portable device.
* Address
6198	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The itorch is a great deal with the current promotion.  For about $35 with free promotional items, i get a 3,000+ mAh portable battery charger with a flashlight and a laser pointer is awesome!
85	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	so far no problems, it charges fast that is what i need it. it doesn' have an USB as it specified, jus a direct wall charger.
5486	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good purchase. Didn't rip yet

9748	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Price was right and arrived in a timely manner.
I wear the BT 8 to 10 hours a day without any discomfort.
7633	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this headset with high expectations.  I took my time.  I compared and contrasted.  I read all the reviews.  I thought I had made a great purchase.
I have not had a chance to use the other "Smart Phones" on the market now, but the Treo 650 is tops for a reason.  I highly recommend this device!
1999	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ear Pieces for Voyager worked great. Helped with the fit for my ear and they were very comfortable. They are good quality and lasted right up to the point the voyager quit working. If only the voyager was as good quality as these ear pieces, I would still be using them.
9795	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works as described.
Initially the call button didn't do anything when paired with my EVO but after the Froyo update (which brought a wealth of Bluetooth stack improvements) it now works like any standard Bluetooth hands-free dialing button. The remote uses a small watch battery and I've only replaced it once in over a year of use (cost me $0.50). The main Bluetooth receiver unit plugs into your 12V adapter obviously so you never have to worry about recharging it, that's another advantage over the Scosche.
All in all, I am very happy with this gadget.
*Some of my con's are quiet specific to things that I usually want/need in a phone, and didn't realized until after I had received the phone. Its still a good phone, but I would be happier if it had some improvements.


897	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	cheap, light but a little bit tight around the neck
7787	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've gone through just about all the different headsets, and I've finally found the H710 the best!  I nicknamed it the 'beetle' since it reminds me of a beetle when you fold it up.  What I like about it: I can wear it for hours and never get a sore ear or worry about it falling off. The Jawbone, BlueAnt and Plantronics Voyager 510 hurt my ear. Plus, each of those units had different issues that either didn't connect properly, stay connected, or were difficult to utilize.
button for this feature and that button for that feature? No. Single
6670	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I am out in the woods.  Only service is through Verizon and just barely.  The closest cell tower is 10 miles away through a forest and mountains.  This product doubled my signal and with a beam antenna, it doubled the signal again.  So now I can access the Internet through WiFi and receive cell calls inside my home.  Now more standing in the snow on my porch trying to cell signal.  Thanks Wilson and Amazon.
5957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	charges quickly, is small and is s very attractive device. does exactly what it's supposed to do.

* Functionality:  Easy to answer and end a call as well as redial.  I have not yet set up the voice dialing but given how well everything else has worked I expect this to function well, too.  (If not, I will update my comments!)
9)  Amazing amount of phone and features for the price.


Dont be fooled by some DONT cut the stitching to remove the clip. If you do you will loose vertical mounting.
- Multiple functions: light, laser pointer, external battery
H710 headset uses micro USB charger instead of the mini usb in h700. Car charger is not included in the package
4. No reverse polarity protection.  I hard wired this directly to a 12V motorcycle battery and accidentally reversed the polarity.  I should of been more careful, but in doing so damaged the USB power circuit all because they were too cheap to install a 50-cent diode or slightly more expensive MOSFET to protect the circuit.  Seriously, this is electronic safety 101.
I love that NewTrent  included a pouch, I like to keep my things together, especially when you have unplug-able cables, a manual, etc. I am always losing cables or misplacing them or even mixing them up with other cables (yes we are a techie / electronic family) so its nice they included the pouch! Having said that though,  I do have to say the pouch is a bit too small to put everything in there, especially when you do not want your items scratched up... its a tight fit to put both cables in there with the iTorch and manual -- maybe 1.5x larger would have been perfect!
LED is a great use but the red laser is just entertaining.
7448	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've had a few handsfree devices, the Motorola Speaker T305 and various others.  With every one before I would get complaints that I was static-y.  This is the best one I've had.
My daughter uses her pink bluetooth a lot and has used it successfully all over the country.  One tip for success with these little guys; give them a month to really become acclimated and keep both the blue tooth AND the phone charged up for the best service.
2261	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I did not like how the tablet case with keyboard had the wire for the keyboard sticking out of the case. An easy way to get it caught on something and do damage. This works great to keep the wire for the keyboard inside the area of the case where it is more protected.
2010	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great sound and good size bluetooth

 - both ear buds are used during a call
The only minor complaint I have is that sometimes the physical connection between the USB cable and my Nokia phone is a little too easily knocked-off. So I have to take care not to touch the phone at all while data is being transfered.



9769	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	They do the job, would recommend.
Aside from being good-looking, the handset is functional. It's got a lot of useful features, and none of the complicated and superfluous bells and whistles of the Windows Mobile of Symbian smartphones (the VIEWTY isn't classified as a smartphone). It's got a 3 inch touch screen, so you can use a finger to navigate (LG includes a stylus that looks like a mascara tube, the stylus pops out when you pull off the cap) so you don't need a stylus. There's a multimedia player that handles several file formats, organizer, calender, planners, a virtual (landscape oriented) QWERTY keypad, T9 keypad, predictive text input, handwriting recognition, and photo/video editing utilities.
Negatives:
This is almost an irrational comparison, given how different these devices are:


- Wished there were 2 usb ports, one for power and one for headset
The only con of having these for the past four months:  These are not for talking on the phone.  The quality is poor, I was told it sounded like I was in tunnel.
How Well Does it Work?
9931	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love the maxpedition products.  This is the second one of these that I own.  The new one I do not like the texture of the spring steal as much but other than that it seems to be the same really good product.  ( I purchased a second one to use with the first one at the same time as I carry two cell phones. )

1176	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	i have use this product for 6 months it does a great job, the dlink i used on another system kept losing connection in the middle of transfers i threw it away, this one works.
if you please, my phone already came with some extra ringtones and a lot of cool games.

  4 bars (-73dBm)
7853	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Just received it, it seems to be working well and of good enough quality; I will be ordering more tonight.
9484	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The device was tested in a stationary car and my bars on my phone went from 2 to 3 consistently when i plunged the unit in. As an added bonus it might have help my phones wifi reception. There are two big drawbacks. 1st there is an outside antenna that need to be placed on the center of your cars roof. Unless you have this device installed which should work there is wire hanging from your dash to your sunroof or window. 2nd my Samsung note 2 will not in the hold with its protective case.
The set up was really easy. I just opened the package, unplugged my devices from my computer (while the computer was off) and just plugged my devices into the hub. Then I plugged the hub into the back of the computer and plugged in the power cord into the hub and turned on my computer and I was all done. My computer is a First Gen Mac Mini Server running Mac OS 10.8 Server.
I gave mine away.  I hope this prevents people from getting ripped off.


5610	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have been using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Logitech-FreePulse-Wireless-Headphones-Headphones-behind-the-neck-wireless-Bluetooth-2-0-EDR-black/dp/B000KKKQ0O/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Logitech FreePulse Wireless Headphones - Headphones ( behind-the-neck ) - wireless - Bluetooth 2.0 EDR - black</a>&nbsp;for several years, and recently I bought an&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Insignia-NS-2V17-Sport-2GB-Video-Bluetooth-MP3-Player/dp/B001L47PE8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Insignia NS-2V17 Sport 2GB Video Bluetooth MP3 Player</a>&nbsp;to use with them since the adapter that plugs into non-bluetooth mp3 players had broken. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the new MP3 player, so I decided to buy these headphones, and I have been pleasantly surprised with them. They are more comfortable to wear than the Logitechs, and they seem to sound better as well, at least with the books on tape I usually listen to. I love having play/pause and back/forward controls on the headphones so I can leave the MP3 player in my pocket.
Went back to my LG tones :(
9173	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to extend the life of my iPod touch 4th generation between times when I can plug it into a wall socket, in anticipation of an upcoming long plane flight. Works great! I don't think I'll have any problem using the iPod to watch movies, read and play games for the entire trip. I like that I can use this without removing my iPod from it's protective cover.

5049	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This item was purchased to use with my portable speakers and Apple iPod while away on business or travel, it has worked out great.

9022	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I picked up one of these on sale recently, and was pretty impressed with the product.  I've been able to squeeze about three full charges for my iPhone 4S out of the device. The included LED/laser combination is probably pretty nifty if you already carry those around, although I haven't found a need for them in my experience. There's a single multifunction button that is used to both control charging as well as the included LED/laser, and it took me a little while to get used to the controls. The battery itself charges through a standard microUSB cable, and the rated 4-5 hour charge time is accurate in my experience. For the price and form factor, the IMP52D provides a solid, respectable product.


It reminds me of carrying around an old PC that slowly chugs.

Pros:

1480	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The Plantronics Voyager 510 Bluetooth Headset is perfect in reception and transmission.
The call quality is excellent according to my spouse.
2. The rubber covers for the 12V sockets don't stay put.  Good thing they are captured or I'd lose them in 5 minutes.
4899	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I recently have tried a variety of headsets, including the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Plantronics-510/dp/B0009B0IX4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Plantronics 510</a>&nbsp;the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jawbone/dp/B000RUPEOA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jawbone</a>, and the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H700/dp/B000CQXHOS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H700</a>&nbsp;and H710, all to replace my trusty, old, cheap and very durable (so durable I gave up waiting for it to break, so that I could find something with better sound quality)&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Motorola-H300/dp/B000BBAKWQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Motorola H300</a>.
Connection with my Palm Pre (Sprint) was easy, as the generic PIN wasn't needed to be entered. I had to use a splitter to power both my car charger for my Palm Pre (I use a Touchstone, and the USB port doesnt provide enough power for the Touchstone) and it works just as well. Both profiles showed up on my device and on the LiquidAUX. The LiquidAUX displays orange when connected and blue when in use, and there is an icon for music and for voice which helps indicate which profile is being used. The best part of the LiquidAUX thus far has been its consistent connection. It quickly connects to my Palm Pre in about 8 seconds after starting the vehicle (I have it attached to a port that turns off with the vehicle). The remote is great, as it pauses most audio programs running on my Pre (Pandora, what gives?!). The directions say that you can initiate voice commands with the 'Phone' button, but my Palm Pre has yet to implement this feature so I couldn't test it out.


Microphone life span very short
Other than the small inconveniences, so far it's working out for me.  The headset is supposed to stay charged for 8 hours before recharging it.  I can't say yet how long it has lasted.  I will know more in a few days and I'll post back if it's anything less or way unsatisfactory.
759	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	mine came was not like pic  dose not have the 2 hole flange  so i can't use it  THAT SUCKS FOR ME
Aesthetically, the SP5050 is sleek and pleasing to look at and hold in the hand. Operationally, the unit is simple and has worked flawlessly with my iPhone and MacBook Pro.

4423	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I still love my old Razr Motorola phone.  I'll cry when I have to upgrade to a smart phone. I don't need my phone to entertain me.  I just want to be able to reach my peeps when i want. (and vice versa)
I also love the added laser pointer. I'm not one to use a laser pointer often, but I have needed one on a few occasions and having this ability straight from this device really works well in a jam.

9923	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	According to the specifications this headset supports Bluetooth 1.2, as well as the Advanced Audio Distribution Profile (A2DP) and the Audio Video Remote Control Profile (AVRCP). I could not get any sound to come out when connected with my Sony Ericsson w600i in phone or Walkman mode, and people could not hear me when I called them. I tried every setting possible, read the instructional booklets for each device and the thing still wouldn't to anything when connected. I am guessing that this headset works fantastically with any Motorola device, but as far as I'm concerned this product is guilty of false advertising. After this experience I do not plan on buying any Motorola Bluetooth devices.

2871	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great for converting a xbox live headset to a computer for online gaming
3183	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	good
Loud Speaker

I was really looking forward to writing this review tonight as I'm hoping I can help someone else avoid all the research I did (CNET, endless googling) only to find this one through trial and error.
6052	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I utilize my phone for email, document review, and wifi hot-spot almost all day for work.  Without this mini battery pack I would be demobilized by lunch time and tethered to a desk for power.  I have used the battery pack to keep both my HTC phone and my co workers Iphone 5 powered over 2 days.  He was so surprised at the capacity that he ordered one after the first day.
9745	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The batteries I received were manufactured in 2011.  This means that more than half of their usable life is already used up (http://www.microbattery.com/microbat/pdf/energizer-battery-shelf-life.pdf).  Had I known the batteries were already four years old I would have purchased the batteries locally.

Here are my observations:
  -Middle button is for navigation/enter
Even if your mp3 player or phone doesn't have A2DP (or something like that) capabilities, no worries!
1. Lightweight, can easily fit into your shirt pocket.
4954	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Great product. Does what it is intended for.
3735	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I can charge multiple items and I love it!
-The fuse is on the back (business end) of the unit, pressure applied wrong while fumbling can cause the cover to come off and fuse to pop out. Consider tape.
7645	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Very poor quality, in a couple of months they stopped working altogether!
6719	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great purchase
5) Very stylish and lightweight - wear it and forget it. The power/charge/function light is also very cool! lights up a very bright and stylish green/yellow/red/blue, depending on function.


4418	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	fit perfect and works

One can fit it in any pocket.
Again, solidly built, doesn't add hardly any weight to my gear bag, it holds a charge, and works well for my needs.
Perhaps the best feature of this phone is it's bluetooth abilities which are a safety factor when driving. I've transfered a number of songs from my PC but I don't have any headphones to listen to the quality of audio and can't give you any insight into this.
- Both provide good protection from water.  They seal well and the latches are secure.

Well, this phone doesn't disapoint. There's external music controls and an external volume control. You can turn it up loud enough to annoy the people next door if you really try. There's also a headphone jack that, thankfully, allows for normal headphones to be used. I have a neat little set I got on a Delta flight, and they work just fine.
4372	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bough this for my hubby, he does construction and it really works for him. And not expensive, nice and cool.
*Note: I don't know if this is a function of the iGo Charger or the tip, but the combo charges the phone just as quickly as the normal Palm Pre charger.
3156	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What you see is what you get is perfect if you like small things, works perfect I am using it and works good I like itbecause is on my air vent.
- Even this entry-level unit has a great database of points of interest.
+ Comfortable enough to wear 6+ hours at a time
8055	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice case.  It's not the smooth leather I was expecting but I still really like it.  I've found it very easy to get my iphone 3G out of the case by simply pinching the bottom like the instructions show.  But since I bought my iphone I've been looking for a case that I could clip onto my purse or a belt loop and I haven't found one.  So I finally gave up and made one.  I bought the Sena UltraSlim Pouch and the Smart Clip Cell Phone Caddy Holder from As Seen On TV (thru Amazon) and superglued them together.  I've made the perfect holder for the iphone...at least for me.
EDIT: What the hell... I just noticed the one I reviewed here wasn't the one I ordered and received. MINE is bigger, has a removable top bin over the power strip area, plenty of room for the typical wall wart plugs with phone charges and such, FOUR openings in the front to route the charging plug ends to the devices..... wth.... lol

7576	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This item was as advertised. It appears to be of good workmanship and quality. Would recommend to others for purchase.
I bought it to use on my motorcycle for the voice instructions from a TomTom GO 720 GPS. I really like the GPS, and use it a lot in my car, but its output options for audio on a motorcycle are really limited. It does do bluetooth, but only to a device that self identifies as a 'HiFI stereo device'. Helmet-ready 'HiFi stereo' kit is seriously expensive, given the need for sound isolation (=earplugs). The Jabra BT3030 works perfectly for this application. The supplied earphones provide sufficient ear-plug effect, and are comfortable for long periods (hours) under a helmet. They also provide good quality stereo sound. For me, for this application, this is an excellent, sensibly priced solution.
1404	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product!

But overall this phone is great! no major problems yet. if you don't mind a little bulkyness then get it...
Overall, we are pleased with the results of this Signal Booster on our individual 3G compatible phones.  We are now able to make and receive calls in our basement, which is something we both had trouble doing in the past.  The only drawback is the amplifier's range - maybe 15ft max (hard to measure because of the walls in our basement).  However, this product is marketed as a desktop amplifier rather than a whole house amplifier (Wilson Electronics does manufacture a whole house amplifier system), so my expectations were that this product would have a limited range and I had to plan for the most optimal location for the interior antenna.
7159	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It works great makes it easy to to charge just about anything you have for the car in the house. the one thing left out of the info Above is the max Milla amps it is 500.
Be aware that both antennas must be facing AWAY from eachother to prevent interference, as my initial install had some trouble with this.  Once I re-read the directions and turned the internal antenna to face away from the exterior it immediately fixed the issue.  I am very happy with the product, especially after being told by my father (40+ years in the telecom industry) that all cell-boosters were snake-oil products.

751	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great!  Installed them as additional receptacles in our RV
2491	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I used to have a Motorola H500 which worked well for my phone. Unfortunately I misplaced it. So I eventually bought another one via Amazon. When I got it, it worked but had a hissing and crackle sound. I thought it was my phone and the problem would eventually go away. It did not. This was suppose to be a brand new headset. It's defective and I did not return it immediately. So I'm giving this supplier a 1 star.
Lightweight, very slim - hardly notice I'm wearing it
392	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Customer liked this case...it is pretty however, again the case does not fit the phone....it is too short and does not get around the phone....the phone does not fit down in the cover....very disappointing.
2535	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great body case it provide very good protection with out adding bulk, easy to put on and fit perfectly Highly recommended.
3682	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	It seems whenever my wife uses this charger on her cell phone, she doesn't get NEAR the battery life than when she uses her OEM charger.
7040	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have a Huawei Activa 4G and it's a snug fit without taking off it's added external case. I'm sure it would be even better without the added bulk of the case, but I like the fit well enough that I'll leave it on. It stays inside, even upside down, without the strap secured over the top. Maxpedition makes a superb product. Hopefully, they'll bring all production to the USA one day.

4315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The BlueAnt Z9 is everything it claims to be. Its easy to use and is very clear on both ends of the conversation. This is the first headset I have owned, both corded and cordless, that sounds nearly as good as a "land line". The battery life is amazing. I'm very pleased with this purchase.
tri-band is another big plus, just remember to "unlock" the phone before use it overseas, and just ask T-Mobile, they'll provide the code for FREE
cards and money. I no longer carry my purse. The case is so classy. Everyone have good comment about it. I plan to buy

9901	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Blackberry Screen Protector / B0014Z1B80
5009	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Your hard pressed to mess something like this up.  Gives me just enough slack so my iPhone can move a bit and still stay plugged in.
7034	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy the metal belt clip on this pouch.  It allows transferring my radio from my chest rig to duty belt when needed, all without having to rely on the flimsy belt clip that is common on smaller UHF/VHF radios. The elastic sides allows for a tight fit if I am trying to include an ear piece, but once in the pouch, the elastic acts as another layer of security to ensure my connection will never be lose.
A few downsides:
(5) Receives and transmits better than your cell phone;
701	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it's all good I had to do this do not know why as I do not even remember what this was
9936	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these for a better option to carry and store my walkies and they work great. The walkies are held securely and protected well.
However, if you still want to jump into the trap, there is a way to beat their stealing:
783	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great

Comfortable!  I could wear it and teach tennis which I couldn't do with the Moto.
All things considered, this phone is pretty good. It's not perfect, but it works; what more do you want?
I have found that even when I had only 1 signal bar, the calls still went through. While Nextel's coverage was as good, they don't have a pdaPhone that can compare to the Treo 600.
Google "Motorola H700 problems", make an informed decision. If you can, try before you buy.
The indicator lights could be brighter; in the daytime, they are too small and too dim to be useful. For this level of function, the price is right, though.

APPEARANCE - The first thing that you notice is that the phone is rather large.  Although some may say that this is due to the wonderfully big screen, the fact still remains that this phone is not as easy to carry as a lot of other phones available today.  Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.  I purchased the red model just so that I could get a bit of color but the phone still looks plain.  There is nothing about this phone that is stylish or even has a "cool" factor.  The keypad is really a letdown with no tactile differentiation between keys and it just looks plain compared to phones like the Motorola RAZR.
All in all, my experience has been very positive.  Obviously, one's experience with the phone may depend on where one lives.  I will add that my father has a Tracfone in Little Rock, Arkansas and has had no problems and a good friend in Ithaca, New York loves his Tracfone.  So while I know some have had problems, no one that I know has.  I will add that I love how inexpensive the service is relative to other providers.  So far it looks like I will be spending about $20 a month for my cell phone.  At home I use Vonage, which comes after taxes to around $25 a month.  $45 total for both a landline and cell phone seems really reasonable to me.
*The fit is fair. I bought some headset pads (Radio Shack #33-376, pack of 4 for around $5) that have increased the comfort level somewhat and will probably act to protect the earpiece, which appears to be on backorder EVERWHERE at this time.



9073	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Pros: Sleek design, light weight. Cool laser pointer, LED light and 3 bar battery life indicator. I was able to get 2 full charges on my iPhone 4S. Decent battery for the price!
my phone three times before having to plug the battery pack in to recharge
8406	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Works as you'd expect, but is very flimsy and unstable.  The thing jiggles around on the windshield making it impossible to read without steadying it with your hand...  Owned it for 3 months now and haven't used it after the first day.

5507	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	not so good cheap broke really fast

Pros: ease of use, small/portable with a protective pouch (nice touch), works as advertised, and fairly inexpensive to what it actually IS able to do compared to similar products.
8197	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My dog chewed up the original. The price to replace it with the same ya right ill just buy a new one! Well this is the soulution very low cost and it works just like the original. The white stand lights up blue when you plug it into the usb port. The stand is not solid like the original though. Bottom line it does its job. It arrived on the first day of the scheduled delivery.

Motorola after 3 months started giving me trouble..

Finally is funtionality. This is where I have to question my rating. I know this is not a $50 headset, $75 headset, or even a $100+ headset and won't rate it/compare it to such. I understand you get what you pay for. With that said, here is my humble opinion. The headset has great volume and sounds as good as using the phone itself. However, the range is not as good at the others I have used. The Headset operates best with the phone in sight. Static is noticed by the caller (not me) if the phone is on my body the opposite of each other. In the car, it is best to place in the right ear and the phone in the center console or passenger seat. If you want to use it in the left ear, the phone should be on that side. Same side line of sight distance is approximately 10-12 feet before static comes in for the caller. Call quality is always good on my end, however again, the caller definately knows you are on a headset as it does have a slight echo. Again, I know this is not an expensive headset and is not perfect. But, no caller has complained when asked. Some didn't even know I was on a headset. Background noise is an issue for the caller though. One does need to close the windows, turn down/off the radio, lower the HVAC fan for a quality business conversation.

Negatives:
- listen to music at home (from the stereo set in the living room)
Call quality is much better than what I experienced with the LG.  The LG sounded muffled to people on the other end when I was talking with them.  Those same people now say that this phone is great.  Much crisper.  Reception is also better than the LG, which does surprise me.
THE JAWBONE HASN'T FALLEN OFF - YET. Besides, it doesn't come apart as easily as the 655 so I'm not worried.

There are real cool apps that come with the phone...
6434	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I made a Skype call from my iPod Touch and the sound quality was good. The headphone sound was clear and the clicker worked as designed.
3850	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit for my new Verizon fi\lip style phone. Clips secure on belt and easy to remove phone when needed.
5556	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works good.
So it is basically a waste of my money.
So, at this point, I can check my e-mail, browse the web, chat on MSN or Yahoo! messenger [hard to do with the keypad- predicive input helps] and go anywhere in the US that T-Moblie has coverage [or most cities and interstates that have GSM 1900Mhz].
8013	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The quality is wonderful, however....the holder is so narrow that you cannot put a pair of glasses in them.  My husband squeezed the width of the holder to make it expand. He was able to accomplish the task enough so that our 7 year old granddaughters glasses were able to go in.  I must say that it is still a tight fit.
home during the week.
I have unlimited data and yes the MP3 and video work fine, though video is too small for anything serious to watch.  I bought and put a 4gb SD HDSC?? card in the microSD slot - the guy told me HDSC is the newest and fastest or whatever.  Not sure what the capacity is, but 4gb holds a lot, like thousands of pictures and music and probably half a day of video.  I'll assume they make 8gb and 16gb microSD cards too.
4) A second cable, about 4 feet long, also plugs into the booster unit and has a USB connector on the other end.  You get a gadget with a USB port for the car lighter socket so you can use that for power, or plug it directly into the USB slot in the car if you have one.  It can also be plugged into a computer USB port or port in a household outlet although I found it runs hot if plugged in directly.  I use a USB extension and that seems to work better.  There's another USB port on the side of the booster which I assume is to plug your phone in so it can charge if the booster is using the car socket.  I haven't tried that though.
The materials of this IGo are of very good quality and very comfortable, plus I have no problem with this IGo and highly recommend thanks.




5991	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love this product, its affordable and it charges my phone really quick. I use this mainly when i travel so i won't have to deal with finding an outlet in the airport.
Battery Life
  -A decent selection of ringtones





5843	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the coolest phone in my dresser drawer. I have several of them. And I even picked up one for European networks. It's hard to find but you still can get them new. It's dubbed "The zombie apocalypse survive phone" for its durability and long battery life. I have a drawer full of phones but this is the one I always use.  Works great on prepaid SIM cards. Just be careful when you insert the card. The little pins that hold the card in place can break off easily.

4308	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I tried the Z9 based on a recommendation from the field technician at work, whose word I've come to trust. He's been using a Z9 for at least a year, and he's very happy with it.
7367	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Much better than the non-smart phones offered by AT&T. The frequency response gives clear voice with both the microphone and speaker.  The menus and address book are clear and easy to use. The Bluetooth works reliably in our cars.  The case is sturdy and convenient.  The main drawback is that the battery usually needs to be charged every 2-3 days.  The camera is limited in light level and does not capture very accurate color.  This is our 4th RAZR, I still am using my original phone with a replacement battery.  Another benefit is that we don't have to sign up for a 2 year commitment with our carrier.
In other words, an awesome awesome phone.
7537	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Very durable case and protects my Note 4 well.  However, the belt clip portion of the case is wearing out fast!  Specifically, the material that connects the metal belt clip to the case is already VERY frayed although I don't use it every day.
5908	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Died at one year.

It would be a lot more helpful and professional looking to include the measuring container and labeled, printed bottle of activator.  Therefore I have lowered my review to 2 stars. Not based on product effectiveness, but the 4 application lacks clarity and direction.  This would be totally useless to a first time user.  Even after using the product for such a long time, I went to some leftover product to check that the activator was indeed pink and that it was not the protector. The 4 app is cost effective but only for repeat users.
Overall, I cannot recommend it.  I gave it two stars because I do not usually talk on the phone for more than a minute at a time, and this is sufficient half of the time.
I have this connected via Bluetooth to my PC [with a few headaches setting it up] but I have been having problems connecting to my TG50 clie [need special drivers from the internet].
It's a good phone if you want an all-in-one phone. I am really looking forward to N97 being released later next year, as I will most likely upgrade to it as soon as it becomes available. I will recommend this phone, but be aware that it can be slow to move through menus sometimes!
4155	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I ordered several of the top rated bluetooth headsets to find the best. I also ordered some Jabra ear gels as someone had written that they can help the fit on some headset. It looks good and I really wanted to like the Jawbone. Unfortunately, it did not work out that way. I found the earloop wasn't snug enough. The ear insert was somewhat comfortable, but not my favorite. The sound quality on my end was good, but those on the other end of the line complained of terrible crackling. So, this one went back.


- fairly light and comfortable to usg, even in my somewhat-louder diesel pickup
come with too many cables. We tend to have too many of the same USB cables
However, there are major quality control problems. The charging port on the bottom of the headset gets stuck in the charging adapter, and after several weeks or months of use, it will completely come off. This renders the device inoperable, because you are no longer able to successfully charge it.

The only caveat I would list is that if your car has a long sloping windshield you may find the extension not quite long enough to bring the phone within reach. You may be able to compensate for this by mounting it up higher. I drive a Jeep Wrangler and it has a pretty vertical windshield so I don't have this problem.
* By far, the best thing about it is the noise-cancelling feature. I'm on the road a lot, and the "max" setting almost eliminates road and background noise on the other end...my daughter said she hated talking to me when I was on the road before I bought this headset. This is a MAJOR plus, and the main reason I bought it to begin with. It simply works!
- Fast transfers, even from/to two things on the hub.
Device includes a built in red laser and led lights, and comes with a carrying pouch.


5956	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love the versatility of being able to plug in any usb plug to it.  So not only am I able to charge my phone, I can also charge ipad, kindle, etc.  Love the extra feature of the pointer and led flash light as well.
2550	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This case is ok , but there are certainly better ones out there for cheaper.
5638	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the micro USB used for many devices.
12-25-2010 6am
8821	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Very convenient tool. Easy to charge from a wall or computer, and easy to charge a phone. And why not laser and flashlight?
5284	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I had unlocked my old AT&T quad band phones and I thought this would be a good way to use them as backup phones.  Come to find out, T-Mobile SIM cards work just as well in the unlocked phones and they have a much better "gold" customer deal that starts with a $100 airtime card (1000 minutes) and a $10 SIM card that also has 100 minutes.  They key is that the phone number is good for a year and is extended by adding more air time.
185	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Was here right on time. Wall adapter what I expected and works well but dose Not Have Quick-Charge As This ad states and that was the,Whole reason I chose this chager so that is horribly disappointing and inconvenient ..... The micro usb is useless it looks and acts cheaply made, and dose not fit well in to ports an either end will periodically stop working and my phone will freeze and turn off periodically as well....I know its the usd because I tried it in several devices and adapters and it had the same problems....I Will never order from Amazon Again Only two orders out of 13 have come without Defect or Wrong Probuct! Ugh!
650 can only select one at time, get ready for a hand massage if you have few thousand calls in the call history and try to find someone.
All in all, just what i wanted at an amazing price!

8737	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works great, syncs right to my garmin vivofit and when i'm done, automatically adds that activity to my garmin connect and lets me view my heart rate throughout my workout, as well as tells me my average heartrate.
1078	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I love my CSK2! I traded my old CSK and got this one. I am one of those people that likes to be on the move as well as constantly have email access. This device is excellent. It will play audio attachments, display pdf files, graphics, attachments, and everything is mirrored on a secure web site so I can add large documents, notes, etc. for public speaking.

I purchased the IMP500 with plans to use it only on trips but I do find myself using it more frequently than expected..especially when I am not near an outlet.
Display on front (when closed) is hard to read.
The company told me I could "gently" bend the loops to fit my ear better.  They also recommended Jabra ear gels instead of the Aliph ear buds.  They also recommended a place that can make a custom gel earbud (for about $65 + shipping).


4422	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this battery awhile ago for a Motorola Razr I used to charge my phone while I slept at night so it would be fully charged for the day. When I started using this battery I noticed my phone would get hot while charging. One night I fell asleep with my phone charging right next to me on my bed and woke up with a burn mark on my arm. The burn ended up leaving a scar and needless to say I got rid of the phone all together because I'm pretty sure that the battery ruined the phone. I wasn't going to pay the ridiculous high price the actual stores are selling for battery replacements so I thought I'd try this very "cheap" alternative. Good thing my contract was up so I could get a new phone. Never again will I buy a battery online like this. Hopefully having a newer phone now will mean I have a good battery and not have to worry about buying a replacement anytime soon. So the batteries ARE cheaper buying them like this, but is it worth getting burned, literally?
4295	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Wasn't sure what to expect with this, but it works flawlessly and it is very easy to use, as well as very portable.  Probably my only complaints are that you do have to read the manual very carefully to understand the various colors and blinks of the lights, but once you know your way around it - the device just works.  Callers cannot tell you are on a bluetooth and you can hear the callers very clearly.  It has exceeded my expectations.  Plan to get another one for our second car now.

I'm not sure I'll buy another.  The device had decent sound quailty except when a slight breeze would cause it to cut out.  Other headsets transmit a static sound, this model just cuts off when the wind sound occurs.  I'm back to searching for a decent noise canceling headset again.

Overall, great little product, it does what it's suppose to do and does it well. However, the longevity of the product is in question and if it does happen to break, I'll be sure to update this review but if you don't see an update that means this case is still going strong!
- Very portable retractable cable reduced cable tangling.
1836	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	My wife has had not the RAZR phone but another Motorola phone with T-mobile for over a year now.  All I can say is that when the phone was NEW, the T-mobile service is VERY spotty and unreliable.  I have Verizon and it worked much better.  Anyway...  After a year, the headset jack in her motorola phone is loose and doesn't work with headsets anymore.  In addition, her calls last about 30 seconds before getting dropped now.  Obviously something wrong with the phone.  In my experience Motorola doesn't make very reliable cell phones.  We have had 3 different models of Samsung cell phones in the past and they are rock solid, durable, and reliable.  Not sure why Motorola can't get with the program.  So we just terminated T-mobile service, got her a Samsung phone (SCH-A630) through Verizon and SHE IS VERY HAPPY!

2751	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.

Aliph's Jawbone headset changed all that.  My friends and family no longer even suspect I'm in the car when I use it.  If they call me while I'm in a grocery store or department store, they hear neither the hubbub of the store nor the announcements over the building intercom.  Then I went to my favorite wing restaurant, which keeps the music pretty loud.  I stood directly under one of their speakers and asked my friend if she could hear it.  She thought she heard some people speaking faintly in the background.  She had no idea I was standing under a speaker with music blaring at me.
849	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	sound is fantastic but it does not sit around my neck to well like my LG tones or anyother bluetooth headset but putting a lighter to the plasting warms it up and you can mold it
A few small improvements I would make would be to label which port is used for the input and which is for the output.  I know it lists it in the manual but people tend to throw those away and it would be nice so as you would not forget.  Also the way to turn on the LED flashlight and laser pointer can be a bit confusing.  It would be nice if a few basic instructions were printed on the back side of the battery telling you how to turn each on.  Other than that it was a great device.
Also, the button doesn't give me any trouble at all.  It has a comfortable shape and feels sturdy enough.

8124	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	a great way for everyone to charge their items when visiting-can have al items organized back flips open for a multiple line  charger

In comparing this rubber piece to my in-ear earphones, I found my earphones were much softer and more forgiving, but I was unable to fit the spares from my earphones onto the CallPod Dragon.  I should have contacted the customer service dept again, but I didn't, so the Dragon just sits on my dresser unused.

The included cord is garbage - I don't even know why they bothered.  You know how thin and flimsy your original ipod earbuds were?  Yah, this is even thinner and flimsier.  I just used my monster cable that I already had and everything was fine.
3257	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The BoxWave Dual+ Holster works real well for me. It fits my phone perfect and it's very comfortable on my belt.
133	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	First, this is kind of cheap-looking, but I did try to buy the cheapest OEM car charger I could for my phone, so that's forgiveable.  The springs on the side don't have much force, though, so this is constantly slipping out of the 12V car port.  The cable is sturdy, but the rubber near the connector is kind of stiff, which makes charging AND operating your phone on the go a bit of a hassle.  It's held up well since I purchased it though.
-material is not real leather
3666	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Im being censored by Amazon for telling the truth about this item, im not allowed to leave an honest review?
I am using this with my Lumia 920.
4926	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This cable is simple, cost efficient, and gets the job done. I use it to connect headphones with large 3.5mm plugs to my phone since my case can't fit the larger plugs. Great cable.

Mic seems to picks up ant flatulence at 300-meters, but sometimes people say I sound muffled or distant

If you need a small external battery, look no further.
3) Charger cover is not well thought out.

I'll try the Jabra ear gels another poster suggested, or perhaps some foam earphone covers. I just need to make sure that whatever I put on doesn't keep it from fitting in its charging case...

MISC COMMENTS

This case costs less than a replacement clip, protects the pump (which the clip doesn't do) and is a perfect fit.  You can just slide the pump out for dosing (or reading, for those that have a Vibe model).

The window mount is not at all intuitive but works well once you figure it out.  You have to loosen it all the way then attach the suction cup then tighten it.  It's all very strange but it does work.
1922	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This case cover is very thin and I imagine would only protect from scratches and the smallest of bumps. It fit my Nexus quite well, to the point it was causing me some trouble to get it over the edges of my screen cover. But once done I am happy with it. There is no excessive movement, the buttons work easily still and the cut out for the speaker and plug ins work perfectly. It also gives some extra grip to the rather slick Nexus, making one hand operation and reading safer and easier.

296	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Nice to not be tied to a charger.
As an exclusive candybar user (Nokia & Sony-Ericsson, both high end and mid range) I was trepidatious of using a slider. In lieu of a decent, nonflip, bluetooth/camera phone w/ Tmobile I went with this phone. Friends and strangers alike say: ooh how pretty. I say ...
-takes microUSB to charge
I do like that it can be cleaned easily by tossing it in the dishwasher.

  The design is visually appealing, but the earband is a piece of bad design. Apparently made of aluminum or some metal alloy, it is relatively inflexible and difficult to place over the ear. One point against. There have also been reports that these earloops are easy to break.
6663	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I got this for my non technically inclined brother so he could get good home cell signal.  I walked him through the install over the phone and he cold not get it working. Next time I visited I spent 4 hours trying to get this to work. He lives in a marginal coverage area but it seemed to always be interfering with itself.  I took it home where I have ok coverage and it did boost the signal marginally.

1559	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	No complaints from this headset.  It's comfortable in the ear, has a mute function and works flawlessly with my PS3 and KRAZR!

Cons: ---- a little heavy but strong, the button settings need to be memorized
extra usb ends of different sizes.
Edit:
Volume is half of the BT250V... I have to strain to hear people sometimes - if it weren't for it's vibrate function, I would sometimes miss calls because you cannot hear the ringtone or anything for that matter in noisy areas or in the car with the window down.

------------------

Basically, the way the meter works is the dial at the bottom has different settings for different things you'd test for.  We were only testing for EMF from power lines, so we only used two of those settings.  Those EMF settings let you control which of the three lines you see on the screen are in use.  For example, if you set it to one of the settings (Magnetic 0-100), it will look for EMF and use the top line on the meter.  That line is for higher readings, and it measures between 0 and 100 milliguass (1 milligauss is equal to .1 microtesla if you're trying to measure in microtesla).  So if you have a strong magnetic field, you'd need to set the meter to 0-100 and look at the top line.

8313	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	At first I really liked this charger.  The fact that the cord retracts inside the body of the charger is wonderful, it makes it so easy to store in the glovebox or a cubby hole and the price is extremely reasonable.


8696	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	El celular Motorola es de excelente calidad pero lo unico negativo que tiene es la carga de bateria dura muy poco, hay que tener el cargador en el carro y en la casa listo en todo momento porque siempre se descarga muy rapido.
Note: it needs to charge overnight for best results. Love it!
7161	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	not compatible with my phone need to send it back
5012	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great buy and find too
- Carry-case included. Awesome!
UPDATE 10/20/2009: I am pleased to report that the headset's usage between charges is at least 8 hours, so the fact that it can't be used while charging is not so bad.
  a.  None, very pleased
Value

8944	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	New Trent iTorch IMP52D is just simply amazing. I have been charging my Iphone 5 for 3 weeks with this device and it still has power!! Not only does it charge your phone but it has a laser pointer that I use in my class room. The laser is very bright and can reach long distances( I used it in the cafeteria --with lights on and from back of the room and WOW it reached and still was very bright. Oh it also has an led light --Can't ask for anything more. My colleagues were so impressed they going to order the iTorch.  It is well worth the money and the peace of mind it gives you because you will never have a dead cell phone again!!

Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!

7874	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The description is technically correct, but if you are not in the habit of purchasing this sort of thing.....
Assume it works fine for the right phone!
ps Tho listed as silver, what I received was the shiney "graphite" which I was happy to discover, as it then was a Perfect match to my new "tinted dark chrome" (shiney graphite) MotoCRZR, so I lucked out there. And the "bulked packaged" thing sounded a bit scary, but what I got was great and supposedly saved some Bucks!
One time when I was trying to get it to work, and was pressing the buttons on the remote control multiple times, the Blackberry reset (a reboot takes a good 5 minutes). I have used other headset and A2DP devices with my Blackberry without problems. This is the first time I have tried a bluetooth remote control. Maybe the Blackberry has a problem with the audio/video remote control profile. I don't know.
- The Pelican has a little bit of room for additional storage.  Though there isn't a great deal of space it's enough to fit in your ear-buds, a key or two, and some cash.  The armband has very little extra space.
5544	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to restore an old T60 Lenovo and it needed a battery.  This works just as well as the original if not better.
But my main complaint is with the Aliph Jawbone company customer service itself-they are absolutely horrible. They advertise on their website that the Jawbone has a 1 year manufacture warranty to the end consumer. But, my Jawbone broke and when I contacted them about getting warranty service on it, they rudely informed me that they only provide warranties on units bought directly from their own website. If I bought from some other retailer, it has ZERO warranty! I'm not sure whether or not this is even legal since I'm not a lawyer, but do believe it reflects very poorly on the company that they don't even stand behind their own products.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
2 - The noise and hum is unbearable
4) Contrary to some reviewers, I didn't have any problem using this with glasses.  It's a little heavy, but basically fine.
7950	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I thought this purchase would come in handy, but as I upgraded my IPhone it no-longer fits. Now I have to buy a jack to go with a jack.

3049	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice towel dispenser that doubles as a shelf. Easy to install.
- None that I can think of.
After a couple weeks the stitching around the belt clip continued to unravel, and there is a design flaw in the belt loop (the loop is actually a two layer loop where the inside layer allows you to wear the phone on its side, and the outer loop, which is sewn on top of the inner one, supports the clip and allows you to wear the phone upright) that makes the holster hang too loose to allow vibrations from the phone to be felt by the wearer.  The vibrator in the Note 2 phone is already way too weak, so when the holster design doesn't allow for efficient transfer of the vibrations you might as well have your phone set to silent because you'll never feel a call coming in.  I have to manually check the phone every few minutes to see if any calls or texts came in, and I can't count the calls that I've missed since using this holster.  I tried re-stitching the clip and outer loop directly to the case (basically got rid of the loops), and while that helped a lot it's a lot of trouble to go through.
8523	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great.


CONS:

7651	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	i bought these headphones and I am happy with it. The only reason why I bought it was because my ipod did not have a microphone. I wanted this so I can use skype and record my voice and stuff. Everything is great about it except the headphones always fall out of my ear no matter how I put them in.
HOW IT WORKS:  We now have 5 bars everywhere in our Living Room (about 25' x 20').  That's the only place we needed a boost and the whole room is covered.  I can't really address range because elsewhere in the house our coverage was already good.
5869	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This has been a great wallet/ case for me.  It provided a comfy & secure fit for my Treo 650 then for my iPhone 3Gs.  The craftmanship & materials are surprisingly good for the price.  Neither the magnetic closure nor the belt clip has let my phone fall or escape its grip.  The wallet is "tightly" crafted.  Initially all the card slots seem too small, but the quality leather will endure some stretching for a custom fit.  I definately prefer a snug fit instead of unzipping and having cards fly everywhere.

2)  Since I am not a heavy cell phone user, I usually have my headset turned off to conserve on battery life.  When I get a call, I open the mouthpiece and it instantly connects and automatically answers the call.
If you can follow directions and tend to be "handy" you can install this yourself without a problem (took me about 20 minutes to to everything) it does call to ideally be mounted as high up as you can get it, so it may help to have a ladder or access to someone with a ladder if needed.

4491	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Good value for what it does. I'm able to use this with my Palm Pre and stream Pandora and hear it in stereo (both ears). Very happy with how it "connects" to your head/ear. Very comfortable and should fit everyone since it comes with various size ear buds. I am having issue with my GPS feature not working (can't find me) on my Pre when bluetooth is on, but I'm not sure yet if this is a Palm issue or a Plantronics issue. This is a bit of a bummer since I was planning on mainly using the bluetooth to hear GPS directions while driving. Since I haven't yet pinpointed the issue I'm not going to allow it to factor into my rating of the product...just putting it out there in case someone else is shopping for this product for the same reason I purchased. I do use it often for conversation purposes and it works great for that.
3814	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
242	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	couldnt watch movies on the htc without the battery dying. the phone is great for entertainment. but battery could be better. the powerbear cases is a great fit and a good kick stand on teh back for entertainment. im sold
trust me its worthy every cent <3
The Bad:
706	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Before I got this one, I couldn't imagine paying $2.50 for a Regulatory Cost Recovery Fee.  Now I can't imagine living without it!





8126	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My mom loved it.
- battery life and how fast it charges
4024	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is my second GCP HD Extra Large Smartphone Case. the first one is still doing fine, a little worn but still working. I bought this one as a replacement and for my new Samsung Galaxy S4. Fits fine and works and looks great!
No pics of the box they came in. I'm guessing these are either returned or refurbished. Everything was in labeled plastic bags.
5302	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great product that does what it needs to do. charges my ipod perfectly with no problems at all. totally recommend.

3416	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Well, this is not a game. It is a cable assembly for the Wii game console.

Ear gels (IMPORTANT): This is probably going to be the biggest factor as to whether you are satisfied with these or not.  These headphones will be nowhere near loud enough and have terrible bass response if you do not have the best fit for your ear to create the "seal" between the driver (or speaker) and your ear canal.  I have a good fit and sound in my left ear, but none of the three included sizes seem to work well with my right ear.  If I'm wearing both, it doesn't bother me too much, and I very frequently only have one in when I'm at work so I can still hear people talk to me if I'm needed.  Right ear alone, however, is not an option for me.  If you ever lose or replace your ear-tips/gels, replacements are simply "unavailable" per Motorola.  I still have all mine, but Motorola tells me, if you lose them or they become damaged, Motorola just replaces the entire headset, (really, Motorola?)
I thought the design was quite innovative and attractive. Everything is self contained, slides out, no adapters to loose. Even has a fuse.
944	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great sound, awesome noise reduction,  excellent product.
Power button is hard to press, because it doesn't go in, it kinda shifts to the side and you do not get a nice click response(audio or otherwise).

Summary:



1696	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great phone..

But overall, great!
It comes equipped with cables that will work with most of the popular manufacturer's power input ports.


6626	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install if you can make calls out side your house
In the camera down position the charging port will be available while in the case, camera up position it will not be.
5273	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Crappy SIM card
Okay so when you get a blackberry the first thing you think of is business user phone ONLY... Well they aren't just for business users. They are for anyone and everyone.  By far this is the second best smartphone I have used (number one being Pocket pc).  Anyways for this phone there is a whole bunch of features jam packed into a small package.  I had upgraded mine for the new Operating Software for upgraded features. You can also do it just ask me about it and I can help you out. So here is the info...

6. Battery life is pretty good. It never runs out (almost).. and I usually recharge it once a week.
7442	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	NOTE:  "Bulk packaged" simply means that this item is the unit, the charger, and the book--but none of it has been crammed into a hip cardboard box with a bubble window to show the unit:  it was designed to be stashed behind a counter and sold individually, as opposed to "retail packaging" which means it's meant to be shown on a store sales floor.  I've purchased both forms and find no functional difference at all...buying the "bulk packaging" usually means a small savings on cost and thus a lower price.
Reccommend this product to all.
Even with the negatives i would buy again or get it for free is better due to the slim design and ease of putting in the pocket thats a big positive to me and the large screen is nice when i can see it.
4126	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This case offers an excellent degree of protection to your rather expensive iPhone and it does this without being uncomfortable to hold.  It feels very natural in your hands, in fact better than when the iPhone is "naked" which to me feels like a wet bar of soap just waiting to slip out of my grip at any moment.  If I have any complaint at all regarding the case it's that it seems to attract dust and pet hair like crazy and it's not particularly easy to remove the pet hair.
More than pleased with this product, and I would recommend it to anyone who uses their iOS devices frequently. You'll never be left looking for an outlet when you're out and about again.
5021	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	WORKED FOR MY NEEDS - I HAVE LIFETOUCH CASE AND NEEDED TO GET A THIN MALE CONNECTOR TO GET INTO THE SMALL OPENING OF THE CASE.  I STILL HAD TO SHAVE SOME OF THE WHITE AREA OFF THE SURROUNDING PLUG.
790	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I installed this on my FJR1300 about 2 years ago and it has worked without issue.  The cap is soft plastic or rubber and seals the plug effectively in the rain. The socket can be removed from the mounting plate and installed in a round hole, which is how I mounted it.  This would work equally well on a boat, RV or motorcycle.  Typical Amazon good pricing and fast delivery.
Talk/Standby time is simply awesome... 12-hrs/2-weeks.  I use it daily and only charge it 2-3 times per week
--four special buttons for calendar, messages, and contacts are really useful. (Dont forget to setup the long-press option, so you have extra 3 functions programmed in shortcut key)
Happy with the purchase.

The side "arms" of the holder open easily, yet hold securely, even with the bulk of my "Speck" silicone case.
Let's see how long it lasts, I fear it could come a bit loose.
so after about a year and a half the Jabra just died. stopped making a bluetooth connection. I replaced it with the newer version, the jabra street, but it didn't work very well with my new smartphone. Now I'm using the LG tone, which doesn't allow you to use your own headphones, but the headphones on the LG are actually quite decent.
8690	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this case, and it worked great. It snapped right on and I was pleased. However, when I opened the package there was a tiny crack in the case. I was okay with it because I only paid a penny for it, and it still worked. I mentioned in the feedback that the case arrived with a tiny crack but still worked perfectly, and the seller decided to send me a new one. I wasn't expecting a new one, but I am not going to turn it down, because now I have a backup in case the original breaks.
8790	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	works well prove was right bit I don't really feel I'm getting the right amount of power from it..  laser pointer is a nice touch as is the flashlight...
I've purposely stress-tested it in some pretty noisy situations.  First of all, my own vehicle.  I have an older car, and it seems to pick up all of the outside noise there is, even with my windows up.  If it is raining, my callers could hear the rain on the windshield when using other headsets.  When a semi drove alongside my car, the noise of the big truck distracted my callers from our conversation.
9381	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thanks

First, if you have a Treo 700W you will absolutely not want this headset. The sound varied from crackly static to heavily robotic. I will give the blame to Treo on this, but none of the other headsets I've tried gave poor sound quality on the Treo so something is different about this one.


All that said, while it may not be the most aesthetically pleasing Bluetooth headset, it is not the ugliest either.  It is interesting to note the design differences in the newer Jawbone model that Aliph just released, however.  They've presented a much more attractive version with a sleeker, less obtrusive style, seemingly proving that the manufacturer recognizes the customer's desire, frivolous though we may be, for a headset that is pleasing to the eye.


-Narrow enough for the phone alone, I use a silicon grip cover ALL (I LOVE IT!) so the phone won't shut with this body case.

1902	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this unit fits nicely in the ear with out irritation and is light weight enough to wear all day.
4740	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Is the very confortable, the sound is great people don't realize you're using a headset, great sound quality. You can hear music (loud) and still voice command your phone and WORKS really something good.... just the buttons are really difficult to handle, they're very hard and difficult to find and use.... something more sensible would be great for these product... But I'm very satisfied with it
9027	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've gone through several backup battery solutions over the past few years and all suffer from either a lack of power or were ridiculously large.  The iTorch has in the short time I've owned it proven it's worth.  I've recharged my Nexus 4 from 14% remaining to full and then topped off my Nexus 7 from 36% with no issues, then had a friend ask if she could borrow it, allowing her to get a good extra bit of charging on her iPhone.
THE RAZR has an auto-answer feature so I don't struggle with the buttons on the headset.  PAIRING was very easy.
3)Voice dialing needs improvement.  I think the best way for setup voice dialing is in the phone book. At each entry, you should be able to tag each entry with a voice prompt, so that you can use voice dialing easily.  Right now, the voice dialing was trying to be smart by recongnizing your voice to English letters.  So if you call "Bill Smith", you will need to speak clearly as "Bill Smith", if you want to say "call Billy", it will not work.  What if the name is not that easy to pronouce? It will not work.  When I only had one entry in the contact list, the voice calling works like a charm --"call home" from the bluetooth headset automatcially called the number.  When I has typed 10 contacts in the phone, now, the voice dial get confused and not dialing.  I think Moto needs to redesign this part, so that user can use whatever the voice prompt for each phone book entry.  Half smart thing is the worst thing.
4864	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use with my iPhone 3G. I have had a difficult time finding a device to use with my phone. Some keep losing the connection. Some won't connect at all. So far this works every time and sounds very good.
1434	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Over the years, my household has tried multiple Bluetooth solutions for our hands-free communications needs. We've had acceptable results from a solution integrated into GPS...but much of our regular driving doesn't include the need to load up a full-size GPS. We've had acceptable results from a visor-mounted Bluetooth speaker unit, but let's face it: sometimes we want to hold conversations that don't include everybody in the car:-)

6839	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A good battery
5203	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Bought it for myself to use at the gym. The Distance is amazing even goes trough walls. But the volume level is terrible, it is very quite, no matter how loud you put it on the player and the bluetooth, the volume is just not enough. I don't know maybe for some people it is enough but i do not recommend it at all.
3949	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased voice recognition software for my HP iPAQ HW690 combined with this BlueAnt device gives me true hands free operation of my cell phone while driving.  The device easily connects via Bluetooth.  Battery life is very good.  Sound is loud and clear.  Clips easily to your sunvisor, although it did come with an alternative mounting clip.

- Possible addition of a dual-port. One on each end. (I like that the iDual has this feature.)

 Their product support and brand standards are probably just like their product - substandard and indifferent
8971	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I work for an on-call computer service. I never know where I'll be going and what kind of power source will be available should I have to be there very long. I use both a smart phone and a pad in my work. I like the larger view that the pad gives me but mapping a trip and researching a problem can drain a battery quick, forcing me to rely on my smaller device to fill the gap when the bigger device runs low on battery. The IMP52D takes care of this problem in spades by removing the either/or option. From a single charge I was able to refresh the battery on my pad from 37% to full once, the battery on my smart phone from 26% to full once, and refreshed the battery on my stereo blue tooth head set 17 times (so far) and the IMP52D still has power left on the four LED charge indicator.
7275	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	dont last to long a couple of months.
5 out 5 stars
As someone mentioned before, you can import MP3s, but you can't use them as ring tones.  T-mobile charges 2.49 for each hi-fi ring tone.

First, the build quality and materials are EXCELLENT. The machined aluminum outer casing, and machined nickel keypad, provide substantial heft (this is good) and tactility. Moto could've used a little better plastic in places, but it's fine otherwise.

5441	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have installed the booster kit as it arrived with the stock antenna, a great improvement on my signal

Installation is easy, but kind of rinky dink. Antenna mounts on the roof with a strong enough antenna. The cable goes through the rear passenger door or window. There is enough cable to run under the seat and up to the dash.  The installation is easy, but not very nice looking.
7) The battery life is good but subpar to the LG
6224	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I already owned an external battery from this company.  Had it two years and it's still working great so when I saw they had a smaller unit, I bought two.  These are smaller than my iPhone and iPod Touch and fits perfect in my travel purse.
948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	These headphone were given to me as a gift. I don't workout, but I do enjoy listening to my own music while doing almost anything else. They fit perfectly around my neck and are so lightweight I forget they're on all the time. I've even fallen asleep with them around my neck. As someone who has trouble keeping earbuds in my ears, I can say that these will NOT come out unless you take them out. The sound quality is okay, but for the price they are asking it could be better. I've tried all the EQ's and it's a little annoying it doesn't say what the EQ does. It does recognize L and R speakers so it does feel like surround sound and you can't hear anything else around you: truly noise canceling. It has lasted me an entire day and I like all the controls, I virtually don't have to touch my phone for anything. Call quality is better than talking directly through my phone.
9694	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Ok
This headset is about as close to ideal as I'm probably ever going to get, at least until headsets are implanted subdermally behind the ear, or when music and communications are beamed directly into the brain or something. It has great sound, features, fit, and looks. There are a few downsides which I'll get out of the way first, and then I can get back to gushing about this thing. First, I feel that the earbud cords are maybe .5 to .75 inches too short. I wear this mainly when Im at work, underneath the collar of my polo shirt. The cords therefor have to dip down under the edge of the collar, and then make the trip back up to my ears. It's fine if I'm looking straight ahead, but if I turn my head too much it will tug on the 'outside' ear (if I look left, it tugs on my right ear and vice versa). I've gotten around this somewhat by removing the little silicone o-rings that are intended to manage the earbud cords. It releases a little more cord length so the tugging is less noticeable, but it is still there. The cords are a bit short for my taste even when wearing a t-shirt, but aren't too bad. The next downside is that the headset does not support connection to two devices at once. I get that this one device at a time thing improves the handoff between music and calls, since this is easier when both services are provided by one phone/device, but I still wish I could listen to my personal phone's music collection while being able to take calls from my work phone. Other headsets like the Sony MW600 handle this with ease. I should clarify that the Buds can be PAIRED with multiple devices, but can only be connected to one device at a time. Currently, Ive got them paired with my Android tablet and phone, my iPod, and my work iPhone. I can switch from one to another by manually disconnecting from one and connecting to another (via each devices settings), so I don't have to go through the pairing process every time I want to switch  pairing the Buds is not difficult at all, but that would get annoying real quick.

1665	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was steered toward Plantronics by a friend.  He was definitely right.  Very clear, easy to use, comfortable, compact, qick charge time, and great battery life.  One tip - I didn't know for a while, but your volume control on your BlackBerry itself will raise and lower the volume on the headset.  If your phone supports bluetooth, you have to get a headset.  There is no contest between this and a wired headset - in sound quality or usage.  And the Plantronics is a great choice.  I have only used another(Motorola), and this seems to keep a better battery charge and the headset is much more comfortable.  You have to remember you have it on sometimes or you walk into a meeting looking foolish.
I agree that the battery life is amazing. (I got mine at Costco, and the AC adapter was included.) I like the auto-off feature, as I usually forget to turn it off when I leave the car. I prefer using the visor speakerphone over a headset -- no geek factor, and I have the use of both ears to hear the stereo or conversation in my car, which I don't have when a headset blocks one ear.
I was attending a conference in Austin,TX a few weeks ago, I have a HTC EVO and I went through 2 batteries while I was there and still my EVO was burning up the battery. So, before my phone died, I started to research online about a battery  supply solution for my horrible HTC EVO draining device, when I came across the New Trent IMP500. I read the many 5 star reviews on this device and decided I MUST HAVE IT. Let me tell you.....I have now thought to myself how the HECK did I live without it!!!

5210	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been buying and trying different blutetooth stereo headsets supporting the A2DP profile, in search of the perfect one.  The form factor on this one is just about the best.  The dogtag chain relieves strain from the earbuds and can be hidden discreetly under your shirt.  The earbuds are designed to loop behind your neck, which is at first a bit odd, but makes a lot of sense.  The headset profile sounds pretty good and the A2DP profile is good but not excellent-- the bass is rather weak.  I pair with the Sony TMR-BT8iP on my iphone to connect to the A2DP profile.
On occasion the phone won't make a call; the solution seems to be that you need to take out the battery.  When you put the battery back in it seems to be fine.



the product is build for your phone to Safely charge your phone using the original authentic brand!
8564	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	CAUTION:  To get an entire product usable on your device you are likely to have to deal with TWO, maybe MORE, separate vendors, shipments, multiple shipping charges, and hard to find specs on what tip fits what Exactly which devices.  NO ONE cares enough to really help you out.  Returns of some part(s) are likely, and add more to cost and to your wait for a fully functional product.  It is NOT the product, it is the AMAZON and SUB-VENDOR system that creates a mess.
3418	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit and function for the S4. Slides easily out of holster and feels comfortable in your hand. Durable too.
- Both phones can [be modified to] receive games and , but with the SE, you have more options.
6277	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	this unit does what i need to a T. size isn't bad connections are good and easy;.
The 5130 is available in purple, orange, red and blue (I own the purple). It's very thin and small, but fits easily in the palm of your hand and doesn't give the impression it's going to fall apart if you look at it cross-eyed.
2851	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It worked pretty fantastically and regularly when I used my Zune.

If you are in a area with a fairly strong signal, the data rate seemed to be slower when using the booster. I would attribute this to the inherent signal delay introduced by the booster - which probably does not affect voice calls, so don't expect higher data rates when using the booster with a data card. On the other hand, when using a data card where the external signal is VERY weak, the data card was unable to keep a reliable data connection, but the signal was still usable for a voice connection.


1640	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I first bought a headset for $30.  It worked well for about 10 (maybe 12) minutes and then fell apart.  So, I would not suggest considering anything under $100.
-2MP camera takes GREAT photos (almost as good as the w810i)
5333	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Have owned this phone for two years. Having read the reviews I wonder if I got the best one! Holds a charge great, sound quality is great, love the FM radio feature at work. It just keeps delivering but I only use it as a no frills phone. The finish has taken a beating and still looks new. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a inexpensive cell phone. If you want a smart phone this ain't it.
Another issue u should be aware of.  It's not just about 3G/4G, or the type of phone u own.  What matters is the frequency the carrier uses for voice n data.  This is not so clear, and rarely documentd where consumers can easily access it.... so to understand what products are best for your phone / carrier, call tech support and advise them of your phone and carrier, and they can give u the best options available for ur phone.  Also the location of the phones antenna on the back of the phone is important to know, as it must mate up with the cradle to transfer the signal to the wired antenna.  Added protective cases reduces effectiveness of these products as they reduce the signal transmission out of the phone....but from my experience, they still greatly IMPROVE the signal strength.
1105	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	My previous two PalmOS phones were a Kyocera 6035 and a Samsung i500. Had I not needed Bluetooth to work with my new Toyota Prius, I'd have stuck with the i500. In fact, if Samsung/Sprint had released the i550 (SD memory slot, faster, etc.) I would have never considered the Treo 650.  So, let's talk about the positives of the 650:
2696	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	May not be for everyone, but I like it. The case is very solid. The screen is well protected while leaving ample openings for on/off, volume, camera, speaker, S pen, earphone, and microUSB port. Heeding the warning from other users that the beltclip breaks off readily, I intentionally broke it off :) and put the rest of the holder/phone in my cargo pants. Not real fast getting the phone out, but with bluetooth so ubiquitous these days, there's less need for speed. The built-in stand is a little unstable in the 'portrait' position, but works fine in the 'landscape' position. It also works well with a dash (GPS) holder: i. Trek ME-USDM Universal Dashboard Mount, also from Amazon.
Side note: I call the nylon tape "tape", but it is really just a ribbon of nylon.  There is no sticky stuff on the "tape"

Unfortunately, the ergonomic design of this headset does not match the electronic design.  I can't believe how badly Aliph missed the mark with this headset!
I always thought the "in the ear" bud and bulky-looking design would be uncomfortable, but it was not.  Frankly it is the the most comfortable headset I have ever worn, and I've worn dozens.  I truly forget it is on my head.
Finally, I do get occasional dropouts on my music, but I know it is the BT software on my Treo again. I can see that when the Treo drops the BT connection, the HT820 tries repeatedly to reconnect and the music from my PC gets spotty until it connects and then it's fine again. The other times I get dropouts is when the X60 is doing something fairly processor intensive. I guess audio is considered low priority in the software and is one of the first things to get put on hold.
Overall, if you been waiting then wait no more. It's worth price.

The audio is not as good as I would like and the controls are confusing to me.  I think the former because my current phone is a 1.1 and the latter because I am use to the logitec.
No external memory.
6731	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Batteries last a long time and nicely priced!

I have a plastic protective case (not a large one) on my phone so I was happy when I got this one and my phone fit perfectly. Not too loose that the phone shakes around. However, the clip sits right in the middle of the holster, so when you are wearing this, the whole thing is top-heavy...the top of the holster leans away from your body, making it very easy to bump it with your arm or bump it against something causing the holster to unclip from your clothing.
The swivel turns my Touch into gold. Can turn iPod Touch landscape, scroll through cover view, pick an album, play, turn touch upright. I can broiwse the internet in a parking lot with my hands elsewhere. I can watch music videos stuck in traffic. per. fect. shun.
4996	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	nope.. don't fit my apple iphone as advertised.. too much trouble to send em back...


Be careful, and don't lose it!!!  :-D
675	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like the size of this pad. I have it set up on my laptop that's in a docking station. It holds my cell phone and mp3 player just fine and gets stuff off my desk.  Thanks!
1957	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to replace my failing fios box battery and it is the direct replacement. Install was quick and easy. I highly recommend.
3433	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I purchased Plantronics 665 headset to replace BlackBerry 655+ by Plantronics that went through washing machine (but surprisingly still worked fine after drying).  My wife also has one of these and she loves it.
4667	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Unfortunately this product has some design flaws that make it a poor product. First time I wore it, I got caught on the side of my car door frame getting in the car (am left handed so wear it on left hip). The belt clip part for all it's good looking strength ripped from the holster in such a way that the case now hangs away from the case. the pouch fits my phone with protective case well and the phone slides in and out easily and is well constructed. The belt clip portion is not.

full charge. The iTorch had about 1/4 of juice left in it afterward. Whilst
The speakerphone works quite well.  I can use my voice activated dialing (blackberry feature) regularly now, my headsets did not work consistently well.  It has filled my need for hands free communication 100% and as such I do not plan on purchasing another headset for use during driving.
1. When you turn on the head set, it doesn't play a short tune to indicate that the headset is now on.  H710 does that, but I don't really miss that feature much.
PROS:

5663	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, iGo is the best.  I have a bag full in my Tundra for different applications and use it with a Y-cord so I can charge two items at once.  This works great for my Droid X.
Notice: I ordered the white one, it comes with headset, two extra ear pieces one micro USB charge cable. I don't find portch and wall charger shown in the picture for the black one.
9415	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	If you have a weak cell signal and only have 3G I recommend this device. Very reliable, you only have to make sure your antenna's are pointed correctly because they are directional.
* Clip for your shirt or pocket.
I guess "Best Cell Phone" doesn't mean "Working Video on a Cell Phone", right?
Decent quality speakerphone,
3. The placement of the antenna on a window up one floor worked great for my location. The recommendations on antenna placement seemed really difficult to comprehend. I got the basic idea and was lucky that it worked well.
10. Voice command with this headset and the W755 works exactly as it should. (hint: change your contact names to phoenetically match ...i.e., spell them in a way that they are likely to be pronounced... this helps voice recognition a lot, and I've been doing things this way for voice command for years.)
4483	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like the stereo bluetooth from Plantronics. I would like it better if they could increase the battery life. I like the stereo cordless listening from my iPhone, PC, iMac or any other bluetooth. I like the small size and light weight. I get a couple hours of listening and then have to recharge. It is still worth it.
6704	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I canceled my ground phone service as many people did. However cell phone is a radio and it is unstable in some week signal areas. This Booster is alternative to Microcell of AT@T (which required Internet) and does not require any additional connections. It just boost your cell phone signal in limited area in radius at least 30 feet from antennas. Here what I did. I had no idea where is the cell phone transceiver tower so I found most powerful spot with maximum signal bars with my cell phone near window, mounted cradle antenna with logo sign facing window, mounted cable from this antenna across the room to amplifier, connected "on board" antenna (cable about 4feet with desktop antenna) to the amplifier and moved away from amplifier as far as possible facing logo on this antenna in opposite side to first one (back to back). I got green light immediately and 6-7 bars instead 2-3.
It was a great by and a great battery for travel.



1521	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is the second one I have bought for my wife. She loves this headset. The only thing that prevents me from giving this product 5 stars is that the foam piece that goes into your ear wears out after about a year. Other than that it's perfect.


I still have this sucker after four years. I don't still have my husband, but my original iPhone is still going strong because of this case. It was the first one they ever made and says "patent pending" on it. Now they're everywhere. In a way, I'm kind of annoyed because I have no excuse to upgrade my phone as it works as perfectly as it did four years ago. On the other hand, I have a technological relic that has outlasted my marriage, and I'm still paying the original iPhone package price which is pretty freaking awesome. The product CLEARLY does what it's supposed to, maybe a little too well since my iPhone is a dinosaur now. Trust me when I say I'll buy another one when this phone gives up the ghost.
7155	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	very nice
939	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	only drawback is that if you are listing to music or something you will have to reset it to heat your call.
8949	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My iPhone 4S tends to go through the battery fairly fast.  I am on 4G often (work wifi is bad), so I tend to need a lot of juice.  The iTorch IMP52D certainly has that.  I started with the NT52D, which is a lot larger (pack of cigarette sized) and had the same capacity (5200 mAh), so the size of this one is nice (more like a big lighter).  It fits in my pocket better, or in the side pouch of my backpack.  When I do that, I can have the backpack on and have the phone on a 6-foot cord, charging as I use it.  Very tech-geeky.

In parallel with this device I had three different Jabras including BT250, BT500 and JX10 and neither one comes close to the sound quality and wind tolerance of Voyager 510.  I also learned of a number of users including my boss who switched from Jawbone 1 AND 2 to this or Discovery 925 set due to fit, comfort and sound issues, so I never even bothered to buy a Jawbone.  With Plantronics Voyager 510, people I talk to can't even tell I'm using a Bluetooth headset; not even when I'm driving, which I find amazing.  Since it's been over four years in my never ending quest for the perfect Bluetooth headset that I constantly keep researching and reverting to this little "mule", I just have to give it five stars in spite of its mainly cosmetic flaws.
143	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	When I first got this it worked good but I noticed that my galaxy was not charging like it was in the first stages of this purchase. It stopped working all together. I'm very disappointed in this product, I would never buy this product again.
2. The battery is excellent and lasts for days on standby and for at least 6 hours talking.
623	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I should've realized how large this was, but I never even glanced at the dimensions or paid attention to how large it would be knowing the size of the battery slots...
8028	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Fed up with "traditional" plans - I decided to go the prepaid route and purchased this phone for myself and my kids.
5648	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Los materiales de este iGo son de muy buena calidad y muy confortable,ademas no tengo ningun problema con esta IGo y la recomiendo mucho gracias.


So either that full time temp and pressure sensor use drained the batteries early or, the batteries did not last long enough (bad) or, the combination of the two shortened the life.
6075	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We took it on a couple of long flights, and were very happy to have it.  It worked like a charm on the kindle fire, blackberry playbook and both of our android phones.  No problems.  This things does take quite a while to charge and it loses it's charge if you leave it in your bag for a couple weeks.  I haven't tested it to see how long the charge lasts, but I was surprised last time I went to use it.  I had fully charged it and left it in my bag as a backup.  Then one day I needed it and it was dead.  Bummer.  But overall I like it.  It's small, nicely designed and it works great.
JIS "5" Direct jetting water from any direction shall have no harmful effect (Jet resistant)
And most recently, I now have a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Apple-Iphone-4s-32gb-Black-Sprint-Newest-Model/dp/B0061DQ4OG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Apple Iphone 4s 32gb Black Sprint (Newest Model)</a>&nbsp;and it charges the iPhone as well.  I must say that it does take longer for the iPhone 4s to charge all the way to 100%, but the Trent external battery does charge while your iPhone/iPod is still turned on.
4102	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfect, lasts forever, better grip.
2396	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've only owned two Bluetooth headsets in my life, this being the 2nd, but I was so frustrated with the first one that I asked all my friends about their headsets. Most people said theirs was ok, but I had one friend that had a real passion for his. So much so that he bought one for his wife and her mother as well. Well, that was enough for me. I logged on, bought this Samsung WEP200 and I've never looked back. While my first Bluetooth headset (purchased at the Verizon store together with my phone) was next to impossible to tether (it would literally take up to 2 minutes of wait time before it would be ready to use), this headset "connects" to my phone immediately upon being powered on. The sound quality is great and the talk time is easily 2 hours. I HIGHLY recommend this for anyone who's ever had a frustrating experience with a past headset.

Sound quality:

And to the other geniuses that complained about the manual...seriously, you needed a manual to operate this? anyone can operate this, it has voice prompts. and if the phone starts up in Spanish it gives you the option to change the language.

1530	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I returned the Plantronics Voyager 510 BlueTooth headset simply because I wasn't comfortable with the in ear fit. This is a purely personal opinion and reflects nothing on the quality of the product. If you want an "in" ear bluetooth then by all means try it - I prefer an "on" ear bluetooth and I currently have - and am very satisfied with my - HBH-PV705.

439	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This car charger works well and does what it's supposed to, charges my phone. I do love the nifty feature of having the cable not hanging about all willy nilly. The pull back works well and isn't too fast. Sometimes when I find that my phone isn't connecting properly, I push the button to make the cord tighten and it works better. I don't always have the issue, so it's not that big of a problem. I think I got a lot of bang for my buck with this purchase.
1838	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I both have a RAZR.  We love them.  We have our service through Cingular.  We have never had the humming noise in the handset.  We also have the Motorola HS850 bluetooth headsets.  I love this accessory too.


6350	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I went to this from an Ipaq.  The Ipaq was OK, but not easy to dial while driving (pretty much impossible to do safely), and kind of big for me to just put in a pocket or even on a clip.  I got tired of it after about 8 months, and updated to this.
Quad band




9590	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Wilson makes 2 models of this cell booster - one which is not adjustable, and the other which has "adjustable gain" slots for both the 900Mhz band and the 1800Mhz band (depicted as 2 blue mini-dials in the front center of the booster itself)
8928	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Powerpak Itorch has great form and size. Very easily fits in the palm of your hand. Easy to charge although using USB it will take several hours. The cable is included (USB to micro USB) that allows for easy use. You will need an Apple cable however for specific Apple products. Charges an Iphone very quickly. 50% to 100% in just about 30 minutes. Also works with an ipad just takes about twice the time. Is a significant tool to extend use and very easy to have with you. The laser pointer and flashlight feature are added benefits. Extremely powerful laser so worth keeping handy for presentations. The battery life extension well worth it and great for trips where you have limited access to a power source. Would strongly recommend for the frequent traveler and commuter.


- none really...maybe since it doesn't come with a charging cord for Apple products, it would be nice to offer one especially since its called "iTorch"
then got 2 more bars when I installed it.
394	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I didn't choose this color but it's not bad. Stunning look and protect. I would recommend it to some people who like's flowers.
Lots of capacity to charge, which is awesome since I'm tired of having to pull out two or three 4 bay chargers to charge up a batch of batteries.
8600	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Took my phone, got a thin case for use with belt clip, and will install the other attachment in my car for my GPS.

Despite all these niggling problems, and t-mobile's hapless tech support, I am still giving this device five stars. The astounding thing about a poker playing dog is not that it wags its tail when it has a good hand, but that it can tell that it has a good hand at all.
584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this and stuck a large piece of Velcro to the otter Box and the other side of the Velcro to a stand-up paddleboard.  It does not hold a lot of stuff, but you can fit a phone and some cash and credit cards.
fits like a glove


Great headset for sound and noise cancellation... The best headset I have used.
-Faster web browsing (though not lightning fast)
1)  QWERTY keyboard
My only slight complaint is that the Sidekick 2 does not have a replaceble battery. I would much prefer to be able to swap out the battery.
3662	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This product just did not work on my phone. Although it may be the distance that I am from the nearest cell site in my area. I bobught it with the hope that it would boost the signal even a little.  No such luck. I have used these evices on previous phone models that Ihave owned and it seemed to work. However, it made no difference at al with my current Android smartphone.
2838	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	While it wasn't meant for the Zune HD per say it still fits and works great. I carry around the Zune, wall charger and data cable, aswell as a portiable speaker<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/X-Mini-II-Capsule-Speaker-Black/dp/B001UEBN42/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">X-Mini II Capsule Speaker (Black)</a>&nbsp;and its charging cable. It all fits great with room to spare! I also sometimes put my phone charger and galaxy tab charge in there if I'm going out of town for the weekend. Only con is that its a little bulky if you plan to put it into say a laptop bag. But either way i love it and for the price you will not find a better deal out there.
1) The keypad.  This seems to come up a lot, it was a little bad at first, but I've grown to learn how to use the best.  I don't mind it at all anymore (had phone for about 2 months now).  It's a small compromise to have such a slim-size.  If it's necessary for text a lot during your day, then get a qwerty-phone.  I've had no problems though spouting out text messages or e-mails, just takes a few seconds longer than a qwerty-phone, and of course, T9 makes it pretty easy.
I recently went on a trip with my wife and we both have iPhones and can't live without them.  Our trip was part during the work week and part on the weekend, so we needed to be able to communicate with our kids, our co-workers, friends etc.  Well, as trips sometime go, this one turned into a nightmare...at least on the way there.  Our flight was delayed 7 hours.....yes, you heard me right...7 hours!  So, our iPhones were hurting for battery life.  Luckily, each of us had brought a plug in charger!  However, for 7 hours, we were walking from bar to bar and from wall to wall trying to find a charger if only for a brief time.  I told my wife at the time, that when I got home I was going to research a portable battery charger and purchase one.
Noise shield seems to do the job sometimes but not always.

IPad 3 -  You have to keep in mind that the iPad 3 is its a large device with a an HD Retina screen. However, even with that said, I was able to charge my ipad from 2% to 36% and then the iTorch needed to be recharged.  In my opinion this is still impressive that such a small device was able to boost the battery of the Ipad 3 as much as it did!
1298	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I have a Siemens SX66 (yes, the PDA-phone that supposedly works with no Bluetooth headset out there), and I'm very happy with this headset.

* Other cell phone numbers

The volume is an issue as other reviewers have mentioned, but it depends on your car and your hearing, too. I have a newish BMW--I have no problem hearing people and everyone reports being able to hear me very well (even on the freeway). I do, however, have the device set to the loudest possible volume. I am only 30 and a mommy so my hearing is really good! My husband has an "oldish" BMW and my guess is that on the freeway, he would not be able to hear a thing with this device. It seems that it should be engineered so the loudest volume is louder than most people need.



Sure kept my cover from being scratched and feels right in the hands without being bulky.

1775	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This headset seemed great at first.  Now, people can't hear me when I use it.  They say I'm breaking up.  Adjusting the volume doesn't help.  Finally, when I disconnect the BT350, my call becomes crystal clear.  Also, this headset always turns itself on when it's in my purse and then dials people.  That is a problem of draining the battery and of nusance calls.  Unfortunately, I've had just past the 1 year warranty period so I'll probably have to buy a different one.

309	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I was changing my factory battery 2 times a day I seen this powerbear battery thought I would give it a try and I have to say I love it at the end of the day I still going with battery life thx so much u all saved from buying a new phone

TV-OUT function that comes w/wiring. Plug the N82 into a tv and see the webrowser, photos, movies, MSWord docs, Excel docs, PowerPoint, PDF files, etc. Record video and see it on the screen simultaneously.

6219	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is one of those devices that you don't know you need until you have it.  Between using our phones for personal and business, and also having our kids play games, we find that we can't make it through the day without charging our phone.  And since we're always on the go, the iTorch has been the perfect accessory for keeping our devices charged and ready to go.
Person cannot hear you

5299	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	item arrived as promised

i didn't like it
3550	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic Phone.  Ok, Fantastic SMARTPhone.
Calling is good with the voice-dialing with the e815. Good range for the signal. Some areas you have an increased static interference, but it's pretty minimal. Occational pop-sounds, not crackling or static for the most part. I guess you could say not a lot of bass and volume can't be made "loud" but is certainly loud enough for regular calls. Traffic/other loud background noise will wash out calls...but that's no different than wired headsets (or natice cell useage either).

9010	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I never tried one of these portable batteries before, so this was a pleasant first for me. I received the iTorch right before leaving on a business trip, so the timing was perfect to get to test it on the road. While this product was packaged nicely, I will say the picture instructions/illustrations were a little confusing in that they showed an AC adapter in the picture instructions but there was a small note saying an AC adapter was not included. No matter for me, since it still came with the USB cord which I was able to plug into my own USB wall adapter. The other thing the instructions didn't indicate was how long I should charge the battery for the first time and for each time thereafter. However they did indicate what the 4 blue lights would show to indicate battery life. I plugged it in and noticed the 4 blue lights blinking in sequence, and over time they would each incrementally light up solid until all 4 were lit solid, indicating that it was fully charged. The first charge took about 3 hours to get to all 4 lights lit solid. I thought it was a nice feature to have both an LED flashlight and laser pointer built in to this device, though I didn't think I'd be getting much use out of them - however the flashlight could serve well in a pinch such as a power outage when you don't want to burn the battery of your cell phone by using its flash. While on my trip, I put this battery to the test: with one charge, it fully charged by iPhone 5, my iPad 2, my iPod, and charged my Blackberry Bold twice. Once it finally died, it only took a little over 2 hours to recharge fully again. I happened to be traveling with my boss, and while we were at the airport for our departing flight his Blackberry battery died - instead of hunting around for an unoccupied outlet I pulled out my iTorch and let him charge his Blackberry on it with his USB cord. He was pretty impressed and said he's going to order one for himself. Score.


I can not express how great this adapter is for me. I get the comfort of my cell earset with the cleaner quality of the computer when I Skype, is just great. Going to buy another just to be sure I have a spare in case they become hard to find again as I will use this a lot and have like 5 or 6 earsets to wear out lol.
7654	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	if anyone has a clue how to attach the 2 pair of black rubber earphone cushions, i'd love to hear it. i can't tell by looking at and trying them how they fit on!


7638	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Jawbone is as expected. Sound quality is very good and the unit is quite comfortable for those of us with small ears. Could be a little smaller (thus 4 instead of 5 stars).
=====================================
1340	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works very well, I haven't had any problems with connectivity, voice dialing, volume, sensitivity, etc.  I've used it in rush-hour driving, and it's quite usable despite the background noise.  (Quite useful if you need to have a conference call from your car!)  Battery life is fine as well.
2298	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I bought this product so that I wouldn't have to keep my computer on just to charge my Zen. What is nice about this is that it works for my wife's Zen player (different from mine) as well. It works as advertised. Other than being a little pricey, I would recommend this product.



The HS850 and H700 have the same characteristics:
- Looks cool.
7392	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	A very nice and functional skin for your BlackBerry Curve. Perfect to protect your phone and nice traction to prevent accidental slips from your hand.

I know this was a long winded review...  but I am so excited this worked so well!  I struggle with taking vacations due my work, and being able to enjoy more time with the family this trip has been priceless.  I wanted to try the more expensive weBoost model (The one that you can mount in an RV), but the price was just to expensive for us right now.  I think the higher end models will provide even better signal and offer more options of device connectivity.



It comes with a 2.0 Mp camera/video recorder. The camera is good, it snaps a clear pictures, but it's sort of slow after you snap the picture when saving it. The video recorder is just your standar vga recorder. That's alright, I hardly take videos.

I have tried it with some games and they are OK for turn-based games like Galactic Civilizations where the audio is not crucial to the game action. However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up. Gotta stick to low-tech analog headsets for that.



do heed jabra's warnings about the wireless home network interfering with this device! and your microwave. and your electric fans...and running water...they all make reception horrible. i think my problem might have been the wireless home network. but c'mon people, us geeks who use bluetooth headsets are the same geeks who have wireless home networks. duh.
It's small and easy to carry.
Cons:
8156	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son's IPOD Touch.  It does what it is supposed to do, protect my son's IPOD from the occasional drop.  It does just that.  It protects the back and sides.  We have not had any issues and it has held up.  No rips, tears, etc...  He's had it for about two months now.  Great for the price.

Pro's-
8540	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Works but costs way too much.

In all, for the price, especially with rebates, the Motorola RAZR seems like a great deal. Here is an example where the cool design and form factor doesn't hamper the performance.



8009	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this earpiece for its capacity to connect to two bluetooth cell phones, incidentally I also liked this company's CallPod Charger.  When I got the Dragon, I found it extremely uncomfortable to wear.  The rubber earpiece that is supposed to go inside your ear was too stiff for me and after trying to wear this earpiece for 30 min or so I had to take it off.  I contacted their customer service department explaining my complaint and they said they had a fix.  I received in the mail a new ear clip which is the part that goes around the back of the ear.  Since my problem was with the rubber piece that goes inside your ear, this fix did not help me.  I also expected much better sound from this unit, but I got noticeable interference, even when wearing my cell phone on my hip so that there was only 2 feet or so between the Dragon and my cell phone.  I liked the idea of the upgradeable firmware.  I did perform this upgrade, but didn't notice any improvements.  The upgrade process was kinda picky and I had to try many times to get the software to recognize the Dragon.
It is above average in nearly every regard. My faults with the phone are:
Email
9691	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great price.  I went to Wally World.  One battery was $6.00.  Ridiculous.

- Handy laser pointer and flashlight. Though not necessary, it's a nice
4166	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Like so many others, I am on a perpeptual search for the "perfect" Bluetooth headset. I want it to slip over my ear quickly, to fit firmly into my ear canal, allow me to hear clearly while I am standing in the midst of a roaring crowd and reproduce my voice perfectly no matter how lousy my connection.
778	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I added this to my tractor for a powered 3pont sprayer.
But products don't need the "Wow" factor to impress me. It's task:

1954	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	works well
contents is standard yet generous. The package includes a micro usb cord, a

5862	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Oh what a POS.  I bought this phone thinking that I would get something simple, reliable, and no hassle.  I got none of that.  Went 0 for 3.



First off the design of the product is very nice, I do like it better than their old IMP70D which has a flat design and is very hard to just stick in your pocket, mind you it is still an awesome device just has a little bit different of a purpose.  The battery pack has a very sleek sort of design; it feels very good in the hand and pocket. The satin finish does a pretty good job of resisting fingerprints but it's not perfect, you can still see fingerprints which can get a little bit annoying but they are pretty easy to wipe off But what I can say it that it does not scratch very easily because after my week of heavy use there are no major scratches and the only scratches there are you have to look over it very hard to see.. The finish on the outside also aides in getting it in and out of your pocket because slightly it's slippery.

2173	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	It fits the razr well... fast delivery. No problems so far. I think it does protect the phone, although I believe it would pop-up in an eventual drop to the floor. But I do believe the first impact would be atenuated by this clear protection.

I agreed to accept a sample for testing and impartial consumer review. I'm genuinely pleased with this, and my iphone 4 lives in this case from now on. Nothing I can think of that I would change, and overall I'm pleased.
I got the buds yesterday, charged them up and tried them out.  I placed them on my neck and they curved down and rested on my collar bone very comfortably.  I turned them on with the button which is located in the back; kind of awkward but not a deal breaker.  Pairing them with my Samsung  Avant phone was very quick and easy; the Avant recognized them immediately and all I had to do was confirm the pairing. The first thing I noticed was that the sound wasn't as rich or deep as I had hoped.  The buds felt like they wanted to pull out because the connecting wires seemed to stretch to their limits as I turned my head and I don't have a big neck and, even though I have been accused of having a big head, it is actually quite average.  I had read about this being an issue from another reviewer so I moved the adjustment bands all the way back to give me as much wire as possible and that helped but anything rubbing against them, like a shirt collar, might be a hindrance, plus, I was still bothered about the sound.

Now, granted, when this next warranty runs out? I'm hoping there will be other items on the market to try which might not need replacing halfway through their minimum lifecycle. But, for now, with Motorola treating me so well, I'm willing to keep going.
6. Follow the directions the first time you setup a connection between the speakerphone and your cell phone. After that, all you have to do is get into your car and turn on the bluetooth speakerphone and it will automatically connect to your cell phone. This works for both the motorola razor and the iPhone 3G phone. For the iPhone 3G, you have to make sure that that the bluetooth is on. Then turn on the speakerphone, and the connection will be automatic.
5783	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I've had this holster for less than a month and the swivel clip broke off of it already. I bought this to replace the generic holster I bought from Wal-Mart, which has lasted well over two years by the way.
3744	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thank you

8340	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	helped just enough when i was in the middle of B.F.E.

4410	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This SIM is an excellent product to have with you and your unlocked Quad band GSM phone when you travel abroad.
9787	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great value.
2013	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I run a mix of LG, Blackberry and Motorola phones btween work and personal. When I first got the H700 it was a good solid connection to phone with excellent audio. After 2 months of heavy use, the Btooth connection would reset w/o warning...callers would complain about voice audio quality and battery life was horrible at 6mos. Noise cancelling was poor but the headset was rather light plus the power supply could be used to charge both phone and headset and vice a versa. Now with headset dead...at least I've got a spare phone charger out of the deal
This phone had built-in GPS, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth; but it does not have 3G coverage in the US.  Being a smart phone it has robust calendar and contact applications.  It also has a great 5-mega-pixel camera with auto focus and a powerful Xenon flash that really does light up your subject.  The pictures are comparable to an average compact point and shoot camera.  Moreover, it geo-tags your photos so you can see where you took the photo on a map.  You can also upload your photos to the web, although I have not used that feature.  The music player is robust as well and since the phone has a 3.5mm headset jack on the top it's easy to use your favorite headphones.  Lastly, it is very attractive in black, and feels, for the most part, solid and well constructed but also lightweight.
11. New
On the Blackberry I have to unlock it (using my password) and get back to the main menu screen just to SEE what mode I'm in (interpreting a small multicoloured icon). If I need to switch modes I then have to scroll to the Profiles applet, select it, choose the right profile, and apply it - a total of 15-20 key presses and wheel scroll events.  This simply sucks. Since I try to be polite and avoid phone interruptions during meetings, I wind up leaving the device on vibrate only, which means that occasionally I miss a call.
9986	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The cellphone it self is in good condition , but it was supposed to be unlocked and it was not, I had to pay extra money to get it unlocked, also I was not able to find a place in Amazon where I can tell this to the seller until now and it is too late to ask for my money, even so, I would have to pay a new shipping which I shouldn't since I didn't get the expected produce since the beggining, it is really desapointing.
These are rugged and easy to mount in a 1 1/8" hole. Connection is via standard quick-connects. No soldering required. I fused each of these behind the panel with 10 Amp in-line automotive fuses.



**Update: didn't mean just Motoral RAZR. If your phone doesnt have a USB charger great, if not the charge plug for this earpiece is unique. Also, reception and volume is terrible. Look someplace else. Really.
2045	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I threw it out because of terrible Volume/clarity on both ends.  Go for the Scala 500- I just bought my second (lost my first) and it's the best on the market.
- Very small


5773	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	the case appears to be well constructed and fits the phone beautifully, but the swivel hinge broke off after one week. My original case for my Blackberry lasted for 5 years until the holster clip pulled from the rivits that held the belt clip to the case. I am not sure if the construction of this case is the same as the original.
3520	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	perfect!
So I started to hunt down external batteries - especially for those long flights when I was in the middle of an audio book or new series of TV shows and blimmpppp there goes the battery.  The first one I tried cost me $80 and never got to a full charge on the  Iphone, only giving me an additional 3 hours of battery- big whoop - I still couldn't make it overseas.  I tried another that promised 20 hours but it actually drained the Iphone!!!  So imagine my surprise to find this Tecyer that cost half the price and charges like a champ!  It is a fast charge too.  I can't say how long it lasts but I have gone past 25 hours using video and audio and it hasn't run out.  It got me back and forth across the country, over to Germany and France and now I plan to take it to South America.  I highly recommend this unit.  It is slightly smaller than the Iphone and lighter, and because it doesn't connect directly onto the Iphone but through a cord I can keep the phone in its case.
Once the sim is inserted right and the phone is turned on, you should have a voice telling you to press 3 for english.
Negative - on my Palm Treo 750 it only gets voice recognition dialing correct about 1 out of 4 times but that's better than the Treo does through its own microphone, which is 0 times correct. (at least while driving)
8768	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Case is too small for phone with or without case on phone. not safe for cards, items fall out very easily. Poor material quality, not leather, more like thick plastic.
I've had this case for 7 months so I guess you could say that it's lasted more than others, but I'm still waiting for a case that is built to last.



Overall, you are getting what you pay for. It's more expensive than most because it's better than almost all of them. I'm sure there may be one more expensive than this one I've never tried that may be better, but for the money, and for Amazon's excellent pricing compared to retail, you can't beat this.
If you are looking for noise canceling: the Jawbone is excellent but (the Original Jawbone is) too heavy for my preference or for all-day wearing. The nX6000 is also very good but only if you tend to talk louder than I usually do or cup your hand in front of your mouth to talk more quietly yet direct the sound backwards to the headset, and the nX6000's ear-speaker is just too tinny sounding -- I would have to choose between a volume loud enough to hurt sometimes or else ask others to repeat themselves enough to be frustrating.
6227	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery does not disappoint. I have very few complaints as well about this battery. I liked the versatility with a flashlight, laser pointer, and an external battery. I would have liked an easier way to access what you want. While it says in the manual how to access each of the lights or the battery, it does not work perfectly. The laser pointer works the best because its just a touch of the button. The LED light is the worst because you have to turn on the battery itself before you turn on the light. It just makes for a difficult and confusing experience. Maybe providing two buttons (one for the battery on/off, the other for the lights). This would just make for a better experience with the battery/light. The idea is great and I love it because it hits a large market for people who present with a laser pointer and travel. I also really like the design is great. To make it better (and anything better) I would try to make it thinner. I really like the way it fits in hand. FInally, the LED lights are spot on and work like they should. But one problem I just ran into is that I had 2 LED light is like your last 20% percent. When my battery hit 1 LED, the charger shut off. While I charged my iPhone 2 times from 30% and another iPhone from 27%-57%, I still would have liked to have more knowledge of how much battery I have left. With that being said, the battery still works perfectly and I love it. The fact that it comes with a pouch and other cords is great for the owner of the battery.
Wireless Provider:  H20 Wireless [the store was named Page Plus]
Last thing is the battery life. I had the Samsung Gravity for T-Mobile before, but that phone's battery hardly lasted me a day. I'd take it to work and by the end of the day, it was on it's last bar. I swear, I'd just use it for 15 minutes and half the battery life wiuld go!

9116	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really, really like the unit. I have only owned it for a week or so but have had some good usage from it already. I previously owned a Zagg Sparq, and I did not like that it didn't hold a charge well, and the size. Even though the battery was almost twice the size of this one, it didn't seem to charge as well as this.
9629	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Weird batteries for CASIO G-Shocks which take "2" of these batteries
I have paired it with my Samsung SCH-i730, a Zonet BlueTooth USB Adapter (for game talk via Ventrilo / TeamSpeak), and a cheapo BT phone base station that lets it function with the phone line at home.
Those are the main points I wanted to talk about. There are a few more things that don't really fit in the review elsewhere, so Ill stick them here. The specs say that the wireless range is up to 150 feet, but that is with a Class 1 Bluetooth device, which your phone probably isnt. Realistic use is still around 30 to 40 feet, with minor barriers like walls and doors. I don't even know where to find a true Class 1 Bluetooth device, so get that 150ft range spec out of your head. Battery life seems to be pretty good, and although I try to charge the headset every night, Ive gone as far as 2 full workdays of mixed usage without running out of battery. Theyre rated at up to 12 hours of playback, but its anyones guess as to what that actually means. I talked about the silicone earpieces earlier, but forgot to mention that they come in 3 sizes  small, medium, and large. The Buds come with the small ones installed already, but I found that the mediums were best for me. The earpieces on most of my other earbuds (both wired and wireless) are 99% interchangeable, but these are slightly different. The posts on the ear stems are a slightly smaller diameter than standard, so earpieces from other sets are a bit loose. Swapping other earpieces to the Buds would result in more sound leakage and result in poorer sound quality and bass response, and also put you at a much higher risk of having one of the earpieces coming off the stem and sticking in your ear. Trust me, you don't want that. Stick to the 3 sizes provided and find the one that best suits you. Use the biggest size you can stand, because a good seal is critical for good sound quality. Another thing I mentioned briefly was the Buds voice notifications. The Buds have a set of pre-programmed voice notifications built in that youll hear as you turn the headset on and off, or change EQ settings, and maybe a few other commands. When you power it up, the headset plays a short musical tune and then a chipper female voice says Welcome to the Motorola Buds! When you connect to a phone or mp3 player, the same voice says Device 1 connected! The voice isn't too bad, but it took me a while to get used to. When you receive a phone call, it will play another tune at you instead of mirroring your phones ringtone. I think its a riff on the first few notes of Ride of the Valkyries but I could be wrong. The Buds also play a soft bloop noise every time you play or pause or adjust the volume. Other than these bloop noises, there is really no indication of whether or not the unit is even powered up. I mention this because if the headset loses connection it will automatically power down after 5 minutes to save battery. If you pick the headset up after a while and don't know what power state its in, hit a volume button and listen for the bloop. The headset has yet to drop Bluetooth connection on its own, which is a first for all the headsets Ive owned and is kind of impressive. The very last thing I wanted to talk about (yeah, I made a list) is that there are very thin rubber strips that run up the undersides of each control stalk, which I think serve the purpose of covering the track the wires run through. A small section of one of these strips popped up after about a week and would not seat itself back down. I eventually decided that they are probably held in place by some sort of adhesive, since I could not get it to pop back in, so I placed the tiniest dab of Krazy Glue in there, wiped off the excess, and held it in place until it dried. This was about a month ago, and it has not popped back up yet.

(But I like that one too)
6034	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The Powerpak iTorch comes in a solid yet sleek die cut package. The

Maybe I got a dud, but I'm so weary of trying to find a good noise cancelling BT headset that I'm not in the mood to try a replacement - it's going back pronto. Back to the wired theBoom headset for me!
1197	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I should have listened to the reviews on this item. I decided to buy it anyway and what a disapointment it was. It never worked and the connection to the TREO was horrible. I have learned a lesson about after market products and will not be buying products from these companies to save a few dollars.
2. It takes a significant amount of time for the device to perform a manually entered search for a POI.
battery life is acceptable so long as it maintains a signal. I have never needed a car charger.


I contacted Wi-Ex and they told me that the max range of the boosted signal will be 15 feet. That's right, he said 15 feet. They why do they advertise full house coverage? And also claim a 2500 sq ft home coverage on this unit. I was also told that if my input signal is only two bars, that the output from the base unit is reduced to a lower radius/range. This is not what is advertised. As a matter of fact, while I was on the phone with the rep, he kept asking me to repeat myself because I kept breaking up. He asked me to repeat myself three times, yes, three times, and my distance to the base unit? About two feet at that time and the bar strength indication on the phone? That was at 1 bar!! Yes, 1 bar!!!
Originally, I have got it for my Nokia Xpress Music 5310, with which - surprisingly! - the device was incompatible even though the model is specifically listed as a compatible one. Mine said "device is not supported" - bummer! But, interestingly enough, I have switched to a different provide' and got Blackberry Bold - which perfectly recognizes the hands free - so, I am happy.
No power brick, which is a HUGE plus.  Power cable just plugs straight into the unit.

It's only a triband: 1900/850/1800 which means its next to useless a lot of places outside the country.
9111	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-RQZ54M0A72LLE" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/E19cPUHer%2BS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/11htNCs0Z0S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">
bumped out buttons are great
6208	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R3D2A796G83M9E" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C19Q4gLmGHS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01GOIGMmlZS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;The iTorch is compact and easy to carry around, ready to charge any device that can be charged via usb plug. The battery has a lasting charge and as an extra feature, it includes a laser pointer and LED flashlight.
Simple setup and pairing with the voyager 500a base.
Negatives:


6462	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	When the N95 came to the US, I spent a large sum of my bonus money to get it. Generation 1. I loved it! It was all I wanted from a phone and more! I read books, I get myself home when I am lost, I take pictures, listen to music, watch news casts from my home country and so on, and so on. I have google maps, and read gmail on it. I surf the web, and play games. The menus are configurable, and I have almost none of the original buttons on the front "page". I usually keep forgetting all the things this phone can do.
The iTorch uses the same cable to charge it as i use to charge my phone so it is perfect for me.  The flashlight is really nice as it is pretty bright and being a LED it should last for hours the red led is useful if you have a cat or dog that will chase the light, the smalls pouch is a good size.
Cons:
4172	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I have tested many headsets and this one is one of my favorites with some slight modifications. The noise cancelation is great and solves my problems while making calls from the data center or the airport. The web demo's are 100% accurate (see their website), however direct wind noise is still a problem for this headset. Volume is controlled by in sections and cycles through in 5 presses.
* The LED and laser pointer should have a timeout - just in case it is accidentally turned on while in a bag. Maybe after 'x' minutes, turn off by itself



870	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	These are great and worth the price. I use them just walking around the house and haven't used them while working out yet. I'm hoping they hold up for a while.
air was being let out of a tire slowly. I'm not sure why it was doing this
7290	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Although this was 'new' the phone seems to have issues. Works good but there seems to be a problem with the speaker.

841	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Love them.
9137	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I recently purchased this device to replace my Stitchway iPhone charger and can say that it has been one of the better addons to my phones i have purchased. It has been able to charge my phone from 50% to full in a short amount of time without a dent in the amount of charge the unit holds. I am waiting for my next trip overseas to fully test out the capabilities of this product. I did the recharge of my iphone with no load on the device and it sitting on my desk so my next test will be to run it while videos are playing to see how good it keeps the current charge. The unit is very small and comes with a pouch which can fit the accessories making it great for a trip.

8932	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Review of New Trent iTorch
-----

2) The documentation is minimal.  If you google, Motorola has a much better manual available for download, and there are also a number of unpublished programming codes.
I would avoid this product like poison!
-size and weight is great and the raised buttons make it easier to dial.

6012	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	The IMP52D took 105 minutes to fully charge of my iphone 4 from 34%. It costs half of the charger power(2 LED lights out of 4 were off). I would suggest that the battery pack should contain its own wall charger. The charger can charge iphone 4 two times only. As far as I know, iPhone 4 battery capacity is 1420mah so the itorch could charge the cell 3 times. So I would suggest to improve the battery power on this version. But overall, I like it and I will rate (4), if it could charge more times, I would rate it (5) stars.


The reason I did not give this amazing product 5 stars is because, the handles that make sure the iphone stays in place is a tad bit small. This is probably because of the fact that it was made for the ipod and iphone 3g not 3gs, (hence no 32GB size). Another reason is that the mounting device  is easily removable so sometimes in panorama mode, I feel that it could fall off.

4151	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Quite simply, the Aliph Jawbone Noise Shield Bluetooth Headset totally rocks!  Believe me, I've gone through quite a few Bluetooth headsets in the last couple of years, and so I have quite a few to compare this one to.
367	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GOOD PHONE ! STILL USING !

9133	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	First the battery arrived 3 days ahead of schedule. A very nice surprise.
8495	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is a snap together clear plastic case.  It allows full access and looks nice.  It will provide some protection from scratches and falls.  Only dropped phone once since installing.  No damage to phone but case split apart and shot across the room.  It didn't break, and I was able to re-install it, but it did fall off on impact.


5983	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Everything about this charger is awesome. The flashlight is great, the laser pointer is very powerful, and it holds a good charge.
5937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Im very happy with my portable battery charger model # IMP52D. I travel a lot and rely on this charger to keep my iphone going.  I typically get 2-2.5 charges for my iPhone 5S.
3.  The outgoing sound is clearer than the H500 I used to use.  People now say that they hear me clearer and most are unaware that I am using a headset.  That is good.



5946	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little charger to throw in your computer bag. Chargers a bunch of products including iPhone. Had a small LED that can be used as a flashlight to quickly find something in the dark. Also has a Laser pointer built in, so if you are doing a business presentation, or want to entertain the family pet. Will charge an iPhone a couple times. Fairly small and compact. Unit charges with a MICRO USB to USB 2.0 cable provided. Charging unit can be using laptop plugged into AC or Wall AC USB plug or DC Car charger. Unit has 5V 1.5 amp output.

905	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great
I previously tried the "Body Glove Clip-On" - this was a good case which adds a lot of protection for the BB, however, I found the clip on the Body Glove to be too small and therefor a major pain whenever I attempted to reattach my phone back to the swiveling detacheable clip (the clip was attached to my belt)-this was why I quit using this.  A good case would be a combination of the two - the Body Glove Case with the clip from the holster.
TV-OUT function that comes w/wiring. Plug the N82 into a tv and see the webrowser, photos, movies, MSWord docs, Excel docs, PowerPoint, PDF files, etc. Record video and see it on the screen simultaneously.
5748	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I followed the directions to a T but found out quickly that the covers are difficult to get clean before application and that no matter how much I squeegeed, I could NOT get any bubbles out. They just moved from place to place. It made the phone look a toy from a slot machine. Since it would have cost too much to return them, in the trash they went.
After anywhere from a day to a month, without any warning, the headset would cease working, refusing to connect to the phone.  The fix required hard resetting the phone every time it failed.
CALL QUALITY - Definately a dissapointment with this phone.  The phone sometimes has the signal drop to zero bars and then a few seconds later come back to 5 bars.  This is very annoying and something I have not experienced with any of my other cell phones I have used over the years.  Also the quality of bluetooth connections is definatley below average because if the phone is in your pocket or purse you will hear crackling sounds over the connection (I have tried 3 headsets with this phone and all experience the same crackling).
The primary reason that I and a lot of people got the Razr was because of the design. I wanted something small and compact and attractive. On this point, the Razr scores well. The aluminum housing is sleek and durable. Unlike other users, I've had no problems with the phone breaking. It seems sturdy and solidly constructed. I dropped it once from a height of about 3 feet and no problem. It did refuse to turn on and I thought it broke, but after a few tries, it worked again.
2331	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	So I'm pseudo-techno-geek. I love the tech, but ultimately give into the practicality.  That said, I needed a new phone for work and the geek in me immediately was drawn to a myriad of phones that had good gadgets (mp3, camera/video playback, bluetooth, etc..). The more I looked, the more I had to prioritize my needs.  I wanted a phone that had good clear connections and had MAN-BUTTONS!
1975	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this battery to replace the one in my Black and Decker cordless weed trimmer - and by the way, the original battery lasted 12 years and I have used the trimmer once or twice a week in growing season the whole time.  I got an "item shipped" email within an hour of placing the order and received the battery the next day, using the free shipping.  I let my trimmer charge and have used it twice with the new battery and I am able to trim around my entire yard and edge my sidewalks with no sign of the battery running out.  So far I am very pleased.
6205	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I'm starting school at Berkeley this fall. I have iPhone 4 which I use A LOT in college. However, it's impossible to charge my iPhone on campus. So I bought this portable battery. Then my phone last all day long!!! From 8:00am to 7:00pm, still have 60%. And the iTorch? I just use it to charge my phone for 30mins. It stills shows a full battery. I charge this iTorch once a week or every two weeks. It really holds a lot of juice.
The buttons work pretty good, but they aren't quite as sensitive.

Also, from manual the blue LED indicator should be displayed as follow:
Jerry

I use my CSK2 for work, play, and mix a little of both.
3195	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GOOD

3297	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone because the design and the sound quality. Before purchasing this phone, I used to have Motorola L7 SLVR which I was very dissapointed with the sound quality. SLVR looked good but KRZR is much better. And obviously KRZR is superior than RAZR.
6120	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I actually returned this because I needed the ability to charge more off of one charge.  This is 3 charges off of one charge.  I exchanged it for New Trent iGeek IMP99D/NT99D 9900mAh because that charges 5 times.  Still, this is a great charger
370	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 15 year old daughter who is taking a school trip to Mexico next month thinking it will probably come in handy since the battery on her 5C is doing good if it lasts for 8 hours.  It arrived quickly and I was definitely impressed with the build quality for the price. Her phone fit nice and snug and there was a positive click when it reached the plug on the bottom of the case. The top part of the case was a perfect fit as well and it snaps shut with a very firm grip on the phone, but it does seem like it will be a bit of a struggle to remove it.  For those that will leave it on their phone all of the time this is a moot point of course.  She plans on testing it this weekend to see how long the battery will last and trust me, she is a very heavy user. The 4200 mAh rating seems to be a bit of a stretch and in theory it should last almost 3 times longer the phone battery which I believe is rated at 1,507mAh.  I will update this review when I hear back from her and then again after her trip.  Oh yeah...she loves the shade of pink I got her.

or lug around my travel connectors is great.
It seems like these products are designed to last just past the warranty and die soon after.
I was able to charge my Droid Razr to 100% and still had 2 lights left on the charger.  So I could probably get close to another full charge of the Razr before needing to recharge this unit.  I don't do alot of traveling but always want to be prepared, I really could have used this last year when the power went out for a couple days, and the only way I could charge things was via my car charger.  This would have been so great to have on hand then.  I have numerous products from this company, so everyone in my family will have one in case of emergencies.

1016	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	a waste. a rip off. do not buy these.  they don't work at all.  as seen on tv, yea ok!

Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.
I spend a lot of time running errands and I love being able to use my cell phone while driving with minimum effort and without worry. I just need to remember to turn the bluetooth off when I'm home since Motorola Roadster Pros range can interfere with calls inside the home. Two clicks and problem solved.
would consume majority of your battery. With this you know youll have at

8338	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, Thank you.

4200	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I read the reviews, both the positive and the negatives, and decided to give Jawbone a shot.  I enjoyed my Jabra JX10 quite a bit for the 15 months that it worked, but to die 3 months out of warranty . . .  So you can consider this a head to head comparison between the Jabra and Jawbone units.


3835	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great!


7231	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My little girl took my old RAZR to the pool and trashed it.
After a few hours, when I figured everything would have cooled down, I started testing my devices.  One portable external drive still "sort of" works. I can see most of the file structure but copying attempts fail. The powered external hard drive mostly worked for a couple days and then quit. One portable hard drive never worked again. The optical drive still works, occasionally, but typically won't boot. Occasionally the printer works. The mice never worked again. And the keyboard was fine.  Everything's been tested on 3 different PC systems and 1 Linux system.


For its high quality, good price/performance, and ease of use and control, I give the H710 a "5".
9054	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	This is actually a pretty slim charger for the capacity and might be better for small pocket than some of the other chargers.  It is narrower, but slightly thicker and longer to balance out the internal capacity.  It has very solid construction that is typical of other New Trent products I have experience with.  The unit itself input charges from a micro USB connection which means you can use your phone charger to charge the charger (unless you are an Apple user that is!).  It has 4 battery gauge LEDs that come on and stay on during charging which is really nice.  The only output charging caveat, is that it powers off when connected to a low power device like my plantronics bluetooth headset.  This can be worked around in the two-port New Trent chargers by plugging a high power device into the other port, but since this charger only has one port, that's a no-go.  Make sure this is OK for your application.  The LED is not very bright, it's on par with a keychain light.  The laser pointer works fine, although activating/deactivating it can be a nuisance until you learn the button sequences required to operate all three functions: laser, light, and charger.  If you are looking for a narrower charger with a laser pointer, maybe for your computer bag, this might be for you.
- Very hold-able
Wilson manufactured the cradle up to its usual high standards and it looks good, so I'm very pleased there as well. The DC power adapter feels a bit cheesy, but that's really me being picky (btw, the DC adapter uses a non-standard USB cable to connect to the cradle which seems a bit strange, but it works). The adhesive tape dash mount option is not what I would choose to use, but is easily remedied (and probably with some items many of you already have from other installs). The antenna is a stubby one that attaches to the roof via magnet. If this is insufficient (e.g., you need more range) Wilson offers other antennas (such as their larger bumper- or mirror-mounted antennas).
Bottom line: It does the job but it isn't attractive and don't count on it staying on for long bu for the price, why not?
2671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It works as expected...and the product is as described. I wanted something that would work with either of my mp3 players that are of different sizes and this does exactly that...
2. Great design with adequate reading space unless you have vision problems, that is.
3573	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my service truck. Talk about taking the stress out of finding things. I personally don't use the voice feature at all since the radio is normally on. I picked this unit because it has a banner across the top with the name of the next street to turn on. I strongly recommend a rubber case for around the unit. I bought a tough skin for it. The suction cup works really well but occasionally it will come off (Florida Sun). I've used it on trips to find food and gas stations. It recalculates quickly when i decide to go my own way. Sometimes it takes a few minutes to pick up satellites initially, usually when I'm trying to pre-program a location at the house. I've never had it take more then a couple of minutes while in the Truck. After it finds the satellites i never have an issue. I find that the footages to next turn are a little off when it gets to the lower numbers. I've found using common sense works a little better then going buy strict footage which seems to be at the middle of the intersection or beyond. Fortunately the name of the street is in the banner. I brought this on our last trip to visit our son at in NC. Driving from the airport was a breeze since i had the address of the hotel already programed in. I love the touch screen and the way you can scroll around a map.
-large enough to hold my phone encased in the silicon cover.
Thank You
-NOTE: This is probably a limitaion of SKYPEs APP and not a failing of either the iPod or the BLT370!!!! Maybe there is a better phone app out there for iPod??


* Mount at least 12 inches from any other antenna.

small keyboard
5143	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Being that cellular Bluetooth is so common - I don't understand why home bluetooth phones are so hard to come by - but thank goodness Plantronics came up with a good one. I highly recommend this product to anyone who works from home, as I do. And the customer service is pretty good too; I thought my headset went bad (turned out to be an easily fixed connection issue), but they were ready to ship me out a new unit right away.
2937	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	These things may work decently, but the reason for using them is completely awful. Oh, and after about 2 weeks, I could only hear static through the headset while speaking, which would not happen when I used the same headset with my computer
7353	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I used to have this phone long time ago , I bought this for my uncle, but the only problem I had is its hard to hear when you call someone over the phone I cant hear them. its ok for the people like basic cell phone.
4767	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace my wife's Sony slider.  She really loved her RAZR and never warmed up to the slider.  I did a ton of research and this phone has great reviews from everyone.  I initiall ordered it from Cellular Blowout.  What a nightmare.  The order was cancelled, thank God.  I wised up and ordered through Amazon.  Fast and dependable as always.
2726	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	When I get a new expensive phone I want to ensure I have all the protection I need so I go crazy and buy all I think I need . Good product. Buy it.
7948	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Not adaptable for the Square credit card swipe but for head phone only. Need more description on the online information area.
So....not a good investment....find something ELSE!
I've used about 1/2 dozen other bluetooth headsets and this is one of my favorites.
The only real complaint I have is that the lights are a bit too bright for my taste.  Putting something over the puck solves that problem.  Other folks might like the "night light" effect.
My only complaint is that I would like to be able to turn off all the little LEDs for each connected device.  At night, my bedroom ceiling glows blue due all those LEDs.
Easy to install
3745	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Illumination of sockets was a pleasant surprise. Good build quality. Considering making it a permanent connection since it looks so nice.


945	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	ONE MORE UPDATE #2:  After glueing the rubber strips down for the third time last night, when I got up this morning and picked up my buds to use them, the rubber stripping was popped up again on one side. That was discouraging, but I might have been able to live with it, except that it would expose the inside wiring to all kinds of environmental debris and eventually shorten the life of the earbuds. The thing that finally made me decide to return them (with a heavy heart) was that the sound quality had deteriorated noticeably in the right earbud when I was doing my (low impact) workout this morning. It was crackling and popping and fading in and out, which it had never done before. I don't know if this is due to me trying to glue down the rubber stripping (I used the blunt end of a sewing needle to apply the glue, so it was a precision glue job, I'll tell you!), or if the headset itself was just falling apart, but that was the last straw. It's obvious that there is either an engineering, manufacturing, or quality problem with this product. So I would caution would-be buyers to consider this carefully before investing your money in these earbuds. Amazon was very good about sending me a return label, so they're packed up and ready to go to UPS tomorrow, but what a sad experience. I really thought I had found the perfect Bluetooth headphones!!! Let the buyer beware - it may have been that I just got a bad pair, but I read at least one other review that mentioned this very same problem with the rubber stripping underneath the "collar", so I know I was not the only one. That's really bad, that these earbuds went from five stars two days ago to one star today.
- Low-res, monochrome LCD screen (See customer images)
9870	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Decent screen protectors.
Overall though, very very cool to be able to leave my phone in my pocket, get in and start the car, and 10 seconds later with the push of a button, hear music from my phone as if it were built into the car.
4323	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Admittedly, I don't use a headphone as often as I used to because I got out of the habit. Driving a loud sports car made it pointless.  With the z9, I can make calls without having to repeat everything 3 times.  On the standard reduction level, wind, road and exhaust noise are very masked except while accelerating.  At the higher reduction level, even the noise from hard acceleration is masked.  Sure, it makes me sound digitized, but better that than shouting.  It works as it's supposed to.  It could be a bit more comfortable but it's pretty easy to put on and take off so I just wear it when I'm using it.  That's what the shirt clip is for.  Who wants to look like a blue LED flashing geek anyway.

Full buddy list loading for AIM and YIM.
To really make this thing work well I would recommend the following tips:


Quick click - this one is easy - it always turns the laser light on or off - although at first, I was mystified at why this red light kept coming on & off -

-Takes quite a while to recharge (I usually leave it charging over night).


4333	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works and lasts.
Cons:
199	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	great charger  works perfectly, product made well and made to last. if you need a charger for your driod x  this is the one to get

****Subaru owners****** - The "foot" of the barrier will hit where the middle seat's shoulder belt comes out of the car ceiling!!!  If your car has a ceiling-stored shoulder belt, there's a good chance it will interfere with the installation of this thing.  It still stays put, but the "foot" isn't angled, and it hits on an angled part of the ceiling.  Not as stable as I would have liked, but it stays put with monthly adjustments.
In short - I couldn't be happier with the case.  Yes, you would be wise to lock the keypad, but this is a great deal for the price.  Looks fantastic!!
Will continue using the standard wired headset for my computer, although it would have been nice to use the Plantronics 510.
3.) Comes with provisions to perma-mount it in your car.
6168	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this because my wife saw my other charger but didn't want a bulk one so i ordered the IMP52D and she loved it!

Signal sensitivity (much better than my other high end Nokia 6126, having a stub helps with signal reception vs those which attempt to hide the antenna)
I may try another unit in a few months, hoping that I just received a defective one or that a software upgrade may improve the radio range.
I can't knock it too much because the price was great and after all, I am listening to mp3s in a car, you can't expect perfect sound quality especially at this price point.
6714	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This desktop/small room cell phone signal booster amplifier kit came with everything necessary to install the exterior and interior antennas.  The installation was straightforward & easy. The easy to read, easy to follow, enclosed instructions give guidance on how to determine the best location for your external antenna. **
4. An A/C outlet micro-usb charger
Update: I have read that the ear hook is made of stiff plastic that cannot be bent. This is not entirely true. If you want a tighter and more secure fit then do the following. While holding the hook in the bent position you want, hold a hot hairdryer about two inches from it for about five seconds. The hook will stay in that bent position. Just be careful not to bend it too far or the hairdryer is too hot or too close to the hook. I did this with my hook and it fits much better, even with my glasses on.
This has military grade noise cancellation, something you will not find with the majority of other headsets. The only other thing that you may run across is when there is wind, it completely drowns out the ability to hear or for the other person to hear you, so you have to use your hand to protect from the wind when outside. Other headsets of lower quality seem to be able to handle the wind a little better, even though there is still a lot of noise and you have to wait till you're out of the wind or use your hand to protect the speaker.
I've never had a cigarette case before, but this was heavier than I expected.
-Tested 2.5 full charges on my iPhone 5...so right in line with expectations.
7358	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone a few days ago. I  Like it. I mean the intent of me buying the phone was to be a back up and it serves that purpose.


9103	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I really love this battery pack. So much so that I bought another one after holding the first one for a week.  It feels sturdy, it it looks very sleek, and its very compact.

9315	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great fit to the LCD of my D7000

Thats the end of my review.  For a personal backstory, read on.

pairing is easy, press big M button on left side till the blue light bacomes solid
4380	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my 12 yr old son, who wanted to carry his iPod around without damaging it or having to seal it up in a plastic case.  This holster works perfectly, and doubles as a small wallet, which is handy for when he goes out.  Very nice, would recommend.

6113	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice product. I always carry this around in case my battery ran out. This charge quickly and work really well

Some of the menus didn't make much sense,
3575	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a good basic GPS.  I did not need the expensive extras of most GPS units such as MP3 etc.  My son is a college junior and accepted an internship at a plant in a town we'd never been to.  The Garmin fit our needs exactly.  It has assisted him in learning the area.  I like the points of interest feature.  My wife and I visited him one Saturday and using the poi were shown several restaurants to choose from and antique stores to shop.  My son uses a cell phone instead of a land line.  We did not have a phone book to refer us to these stores.  And I did not have to buy a city map.  I'll report back once I verify which map version I have and comment on how Garmin handles an upgrade should it be necessary.
7.  The little boom microphone does not get rubbed into my cheek and performs nicely.  Mind you, I do not have a fat face.  Some may say that my head is fat, but I think they are just personal attacks by cruel, jealous people.  No fat faces, no problems with the boom mic.
8287	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Standard LX5400 vehicle charger was priced much lower than any other on-line or brick/mortar store, even with shipping added, and arrived promptly.
9601	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	We bought this device because I needed strong cell phone reception in my basement office. We wanted to get rid of the land line.

The battery has two ports on it: a regular USB port for charging a device off the battery, and a micro USB port to charge the battery itself. The charging cable is ingenious and saves a lot of space when packing. It is a retractable USB cable with a regular USB connection on one end, and a micro USB connection on the other end. Plugging the micro USB connection into the battery and the regular USB into the computer charges the battery. Switching the regular USB connection to the other port on the battery gives you a micro USB connection to charge your devices (most cellphones use micro USB nowadays). If your devices need another connection (mini USB, manufacturer specific), your USB cable for that device will plug into the regular USB port on this charger.
3758	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Good quality, easy to install.
On a side note, I have two Bluetooth cellphones and I can switch between the two automatically without any hassle.  Because of this ease of switching over I am considering getting the phone base so I can use this on my office line at home as well.  I know somebody who uses it and she has no problems with it.
4859	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the best bluetooth headset ever made. I owned two different sumsung models and the ear peice were uncomfortable plus the way you had to charge them was a big hassle.  The Motorola Bluetooth H710 is very comfortable, easy to charge and very reliable, there is no static noise in the background and the person at the other end can hear me loud and clear! I have purchased three sets for friends and relatives! I recommend that you buy directly from Amazon though because if the price sounds to good to be true, it's because it is, trust me! Fast and free shipping also!
6860	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Works great in old commemorative pocket watch I had put away years ago.  Batteries came packaged well, on time, and at a great price.
1796	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	this is probably one of the sleekest phones out there. only one problem the battery life is horrible, dies in about one day. and there arnt much apps. but who cares the phone looks hot! (the black one that is, not the silver)
2797	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery is for my super old Moto V3 phone that I am using as secondary phone. this is my 3rd battery on the phone since i bought it many years ago. (wow the phone is still working) anyway, it gave 6-7 days of stand by time. I am using the phone to recive SMS only. I am not really using it for calling much now.
8670	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great


5634	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love all of the iGO products!  They are more sturdy than others out there and they do hold up.  In fact, I haven't had one fail yet.  I love the ability to interchange tips.  Wonderful idea!  I would definitely recommend.

Pros: Extra battery that will recharge my my phone up to two and a half times from one charge on the battery. It accepts the standard USB and micro USB based on charging needs which is always a plus being these cables have become the de facto standard for charging cell phones.
816	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Mine lasted a few months. I keep my stuff well, and it wasn't damaged... twisted, sat on, anything like that. The wires looked good. At work today after using it for a bit on a full charge it suddenly went dead and if I try to recharge it, the red light comes on for a second and goes out. Tried multiple known good chargers. Its broken. All the other headsets I used in the past from LG worked until they were physically destroyed... broken wires, whatever.  Not this one.
I have a Treo 650 and thought the product would just be better executed.





9029	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I took this charger to CES 2013.  As anyone who's been to CES knows, a single charge on a phone doesn't last the whole day.  I bought this product right before I left to use with my iPhone 5 (also a recent purchase).  My first impression taking it out of the box was how small and light it was.  I was expecting something bulky and heavy.  My next impression was how nice it looked.  Now I never heard of NewTrent before this and bought this simply because of the price and Amazon reviews so my expectations weren't high.  I charged it up the night before and towards the afternoon my iPhone was getting low and I plugged it in.  Worked like a charm.  Walking around about an hour let it charge up enough that I was satisfied.  I met up with a friend who also was running low from his phone and I charged his too.  This repeated the next 3 days.
4494	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is a great headset, for many reasons.
As far as taking calls on these go, there is no obvious microphone on these, but they work great, just the same. My callers had no problems whatsoever hearing me on these, and I could hear them beautifully on them as well. I was told that the audio being received from these was loud, crisp, and clear, and the same seemed to be the case for me as well on the other end of the calls. I've also had no trouble using the operational buttons, and my phone found and paired with these headphones easily. The only thing that I didn't remember when I ordered these, though (completely my own fault), is that I won't be able to wear these to take calls while I'm driving, as traffic laws dictate that both ears cannot be covered and obstruct vital traffic sounds. Oh well. My bad.
Those are just small details though. Overall I am impressed.
5)  Battery life appears good. I recharge about every other day, but that's with heavy texting and internet usage.
556	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this for my sisters phone. She continually has calls dropped, so I got her this signal booster, and it hasn't made a bit of difference. I bought these before for my previous cell phones, and they really seemed to help. But apparently not so much anymore.
  My only other concern is getting an effective earbud case for this unit.  I have the Motorola case, but find the too small strap that holds (supposed to) the earbud secured inside comes loose easily (leather and teeny tiny bit of velcro).  My earbud has dropped from this case numerous times, and I am fortunate that I have been on carpet when it fell out (4 times so far)  Motorola or someone needs to create a better model.  My $ is going to them.
6397	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Wore the first one out with normal use. One of the tabs broke off. Bought a second one. For the price, I was OK with this. I recommend buying two from the beginning. I like the feel.
Great laser pointer and spot light led nice
With this nice little charger you not only get your typical USB charger cord but you also get an adapter for the Galaxy Tab and beyond that you get a very nice felt carrying bag to make not only keeping everything together but makes carrying everything so much easier.  Like other New Trent products it also comes with easy to read LED indicators showing how much battery is left on the charger in 25% increments.  Altogether I have to say I am very pleased with the iTorch and it served me well as I see it serving me well for much longer.

9468	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I use AT&T Cellular in the mountains of Southwestern Virginia.  The signal is spotty in many areas of the county/town.  I had to jump at the chance of trying this particular device for my iPhone 5.


7183	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thjis saved me a trip to the wireless store to buy a battery and the price was outstanding. Thank you

Overall I am extremely satisfied with the product when it comes to charging my iPhones.  I am hopeful that the IMP500 will be sufficient enough to charge the iPad 2 as well.  The only comment/suggestion I would add is that it would have been nice to have included an adapter for Apple devices so the existing cord that charges the IMP500 could be used.  It's not a huge deal but being able to pack just the adapters without the need for the extra cable would be a nice feature.

The contacts will always default to the mobile number and don't store a address.
The H710 has the best "user interface".  Love how flipping the little boom mike open and closed turns on and off the headset.  It's audio prompts are intuitive and pleasant.  The BT8040 and H710 both have good button/LED usage designs.  The BT8040 requires a 3-5 second button press to turn the phone on and off -- otherwise it is the user interface equal to the H710.  In comparison, the 510 has a less polished interface.  The power button is hard to use, and it constantly flashes a blue light when on, which grabs the attention of those around you -- a feature that I find quite annoying. The interface of the BT8040 is just as good, with the exception that on and off requires a 3-5 second button press -- less elegant than the H710's approach.  The 510 has a big flaw in its user interface: a blue light flashes all the time it is on.  Combined with its large size, the 510 annoyingly draws the attention of those around you.

This is the first phone that was an mp3 player, a camera and a camcorder all in one (for me) so I'm enjoying taking pictures and listening to music very much.
Using an averaging RF meter held near my head, with the phone in the Weboost cradle, the cell RF signal on my meter drops over 95%... as its diverted to the roof top antenna, where the RF signal does not penetrate back in the car.  So if u are concerned about excessive RF exposure, or just the cautious type, I would recommend this product specially if you use your phone a lot in the car.... then, of course, the signal improvement is very significant.... clearly a win / win product.  I am surprised the company does not even mention this added safety benefit.
5269	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my daughter and when I asked her, she said this: "This works great. It's awesome. A life saver. I use it all the time. When I'm in the car and I'm down to one bar, I have an extra one before I get out."
The bad news is that the cable from the unit to the antennae is supposed to go through the car door opening--with the door closing on it every time.  The directions do state that you can loosen a seal around your door and thread it through that--but I like that arrangement even less.  Another reviewer wrote that she puts the antennae on her back window ledge--which is the arrangement I will use in the future.
- Finger magnet. It's almost impossible not to have your fingerprints on the phone.


Although both products are designed to keep your iPhone dry they differ considerably in construction.  Each has its merits and I'll run through a few of them.

9370	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I live in upper Westchester county, NY and am surrounded by cell phone dead zones.  With this device + the Verizon network, I can stay on calls throughout the entire length of the dead zone without losing my connection.  Really happy with this purchase.
2539	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Product worked exactly as described. It fit my phone perfectly and went on with very little effort. This case gives me the right amount of protection while not destroying my pocket when I try to remove it.
Voice call quality is quite good. The speakers are also quite good but they're awkwardly located on the back.
3516	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	As usual, Otterbox continues to exceed my expectations. I continue to purchase them for you family so I don't have to replace their phones!
4566	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been an AT&T (SWBell, then AT&T, then Cingular (forced me to use a Cingular SIM card, not an ATT one), now AT&T) customer for almost 10 years now (yeup, same number).


1) I'm not sure if this is a problem with the phone or with the dog tog,  but when the phone is in my back pocket, I get no reception unless I also flip the dog tag to my back. This may also be because I am made of steel.
I haven't used the second earpiece to listen to music, so I can't comment n sound quality compared to other headphones. But I really don't care; that's why I have other headphones! :-)
In order to charge anything Apple, you have to use the cable that came with the Apple device. (Not a terrible thing, you have it already)
4716	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	This review is for Avlon Affirm Moisture Plus Conditioning Relaxer.  I have used the 20 single applications, but the same product.  I learned about the product through a hair growth book by Cathy House (available on Amazon). I have used the product on soft, thin to thick African-American hair which has been damaged by salons and some due to health issues. My opinion is that the product is excellent. It provides a measuring tool to allow the user to determine the strength to mix for mild to coarse hair; each relaxer base is premeasured and in individual containers; and a bottle of activator; also the 20 box contained a bottle of protectant to reduce the chance of overlapping. My experience is that the product has not produced burning or scabbing or over-processing or breakage.  After relaxing, the hair does not feel dry or brittle. I am very satisfied with the products and have used for over two years.

4935	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I got it so I could fit my headphone jack into my iPod case and in that regard it functions excellently.
8403	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	This thing is CHEAP.  Out of the box, one of the arms that holds the device was broken.  The suction cup does not work, no matter where I use it and how many times I clean the area.  Overall, it is heavy, and feels like cheap plastic.  STAY AWAY!

4652	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Thank You


the sound is good, but it's kinda too tight like the grey one


I ever that I was not paid to provide a rave review with cash, prizes, or merchandise. I bought these with my own money for my personal use.  The fake reviews that permeate the ethically challenged people who post electronic junk reviews is making it difficult to trust any reviews posted on Amazon, which does mean that the rest of us need to post honest reviews.
998	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't do anything, unless it actually made my signal worse. Good thing it was so inexpensive.
I had SE K850i prior to N82. Camera experience: SE loses big time. I finally have no need for my point and shoot camera and am currently selling it. N82: Great photos, nice design, very nice audio quality: both from external speakers and using headphones. Wi-fi works flawlessly. So far it's working perfectly. No restarts or glitches whatsoever. Great phone! Thank you Amazon!
I have worn the headset around the house and my office while my phone was plugged into the PC charging and syncing.  That was a very good experience.  I also tried the same while I cut the grass.  That was a great experience as I usually have wires that get trapped, etc.
I had this charger before and it seem to last pretty good 3 years fits most phones except Iphone and Galaxy 5  but that phone can still use it in the right side of the portal it will Judy charge it a bit slower. When this charger goes it tends to loose it's fit firmly in usb and has a short.
 * if the IMP52D is both being charged and charging a device -

8862	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great portable external battery!  Perfect size to fit in a pocket or in a backpack while traveling, hiking, sporting events, and shopping.  I don't like shopping but it keeps my phone charged while waiting for the others to finish shopping.  I can charge my Samsung Galaxy III phone from completely dead to full charge and then have enough power to charge up my Nexus 7 tablet to 3/4 power.  Haven't really used the laser pointer and flashlight option, but it's a nice add on to the external battery pack.  You can use the phone/tablet while charging, but it's best to leave it alone and connect it to the charger, you'll be able to get more charging ability on the external battery.
Another cool feature is that it goes into standby mode when it loses Bluetooth connection with your phone. This is awesome since my husband often forgets to turn his speakers off. It will also automatically turn back on when it detects motion, like the car door opening and closing.


5772	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This worked for me while I had the phone.  It is past tense now as a phone (and possibly a company).
*Top notch reception

5025	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, great price, fast shipping, hope to buy from this seller again...

Lastly, the incoming voice quality is good enough for me. I mounted the LiquidAUX on the lower portion of the center stack, just above the cup holders and gear shift selector. It points towards me. I mention this to give you an indication of the mic's orientation. My voice is also a projecting one, so it helps my situation. I believe that coupled with the lower mount (decreased road and ambient noise) and my voice, people hear me fine. Again, this solution isn't aimed at voice calls in my opinion, and I would pay an extra $20 for a wireless mic that I can clip on my visor for a more robust voice call experience.

The only issue I have is if I used a regular usb cable, it would only charge some of my devices at usb speeds. Since there is the include cables, shorting adaptor and case though, I don't see that being a big issue since the bag makes it easy to keep the "right" cable with the charger.
5500	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Makes my work outs a lot easier! Stays inside the case and is easy to wear! Glad I got this!
4314	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This is the first BT ear piece I have had that actually works the way it should.  Very light, fits in the ear well and after a couple of days I almost forgot I have it on.  Some people complain about the unusually long button hold to end a call, but I have not had a problem with it.  Battery life is excellent.  Not as good in the wind as I had hoped but this is true of most BT ear pieces I have tried.  In the car works like a champ.

All that said, while it may not be the most aesthetically pleasing Bluetooth headset, it is not the ugliest either.  It is interesting to note the design differences in the newer Jawbone model that Aliph just released, however.  They've presented a much more attractive version with a sleeker, less obtrusive style, seemingly proving that the manufacturer recognizes the customer's desire, frivolous though we may be, for a headset that is pleasing to the eye.
1. Messaging
Now the bad.  This headset wouldn't be allowed in Guantanamo Bay.  It is pure torture to wear.  The various combinations of ear bud and ear loop just gives you more ways to inflict pain on your ears.  I can't wear the headset for more than about 10-15 minutes, and sometimes end calls due to the uncomfortable feeling.

5011	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	GREAT

- Loud ringer

2. The led flashlight could be stronger.
Even though this is my first Bluetooth headset, overall the Pros outweigh the Cons and I'd definitely recommend this headset!
5279	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	good thanks
-Charger plugin is unique, I cannot share it with other devices
9506	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	We had no signal in the house and only a couple of bars outside.  Now we have 3 -4 bars in the house.  This product is a life saver. We found the instruction thorough and the instillation relatively easy. I would highly recommend this product!
5340	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My daughter needed another charger, and this is exactly what she needed. It works well, I hope she doesn't need another one. If so Amazon here we come.
The noise canceling feature seems to work well and I have noticed an improvement in the accuracy of using the voice dialing on my Blackberry.
-Video quality is poor.

6950	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Purchased from "Eforcity"
5071	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I used this product with my the HTC touch cruise and worked perfectly well. I could transfer all my waypoints from a previous Garmin product in seconds using the latest Mapsource version. Just plugged the 2.0 GB plug and play SD card and the software was ready to use in seconds. Garmin also offers free traffic and weather updates with this product!
so as a external battery charger its great, since it does it main purpose just fine and all the other stuff like the laser light and flashlight is a bonus which is good but that also brings it own small annoyances.
I purchased this booster some time ago, Oct 2009. Upon installation, I did not see any improvement. I contacted Wi-Ex and after a few days of bitching, they sent me a new system. The new system was a bit better but still did not do what they claim it to do. I've continued to use this booster for 8 months total now and here is my analysis.
Don't waste money on this one, I'm really regret now for given up my previous choices (jabra & plantronics).

Once home, I started looking and there are tons of options out there, but I kept coming across one company in particular - - New Trent.  So, I looked at their website and their Facebook page and signed up for their Newsletter.  A link to it can be found on their website at [...]  During my search for my battery charger I received a discount offer from NewTrent and decided "what the heck, it sure looks like they actively search out and want new customers".

In 10 years, this is one of the best phones I've owned.  I like it better than our Windows Mobile 5.0 Blackjack 1 we use at work.  Battery life is great with my regular usage and I specifically wanted this phone because it is almost as thin as my SLVR/RAZR.  I've seen the Treo and HTC's and others but those things are as thick and heavy as the cell phones back in the 90's.  I personally wanted Windows Mobile software for all of the many apps, as opposed to the new Blackberry devices (Curve or Pearl) - plus the fact we use a Microsoft Exchange server that directly pushes to a Windows Mobile 6.0 smartphone.

650 there is none
Part of the phones programing is an auto fill in feature when you are texting. It starts to guess the word you are trying to type as you are typing it. This was very counter productive and caused me to have way more errors than usual. I wasn't alone on this one, I have had friends that use the same phone and I get some of the weirdest text that make you go "huh?".

off speaker phone. It is loud and clear. sometimes even
3371	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	don't expect wonders, the resolution will still be 480 but it will take advantage of progressive scan. It is a must if you own a HD TV.

7555	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I wear this on the belt loop and the loop for the belt just got torned and ripped in just 2-months. Not worth the money.
This radio is not waterproof by the way.  It is water resistant JIS 4.  I put the radio in a zip bag and use it that way.  see below for JIS Stds.
135	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	There isn't much to say about this charger.  Its an official OEM charger for the Galaxy S2.  It fits and works perfectly.  Now I don't have to constantly transfer my USB charger from house to car and back all the time.  Its a nice convenience.
After initially installing the MPT4 software it did an update but when I started the program it could not find my new KRZR K1. The software worked fine with my  wife's Razor V3. After a few tries I realized the program would update itself everytime I turned it on till it finally reached the latest version 4.1.2. After that it would sync the KRZR with my PC with no problem whatsoever!
 - light weight

Personally, I can't think of a negative thing about it. It's not a laptop computer, but I think it's the best cell phone on the market. My cousin has the blackberry and he's jealous of me and my Dash.
the headphones that come with the unit aren't very good--pretty tinny sounding with not a lot of bass, but I bought this specifically because you can use your own headphones, so not a problem for me. They're totally fine for talking on the phone, and they do have short cords, which is kinda nice.


8162	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I really like this product, but there are a couple problems.  Where do you carry it, do you leave it plugged in?  If you plug and unplug say, daily, you'll wear out the connection on the phone.  Realistically, there should be a cell phone made to look like this, with a handy-dandy clip on the top for your belt loop.  Or, maybe a wireless model, like a Bluetooth.  Lastly and unfortunately, there's the doofus factor.  I'm wearing my cell on my belt, my Novophone on another loop, there is a wire loop falling aroung mid-thigh, and I unsnap, hold it to my ear, and say, "Hello."  At this point, it looks like just another nerd gadget.  It works well, but I'm afraid it's one of those inventions that just didn't make it.  If someone makes a cell that looks like this, it's mine in a heartbeat, but until then, to the garage sale.
Is it comfortable?  It depends.  I had to wear the headset for 9 straight hours (my choice) and it did feel uncomfortable after about a hour and a half.  However, it was due because the back part of the headset slide down, so I lifted it up and no more pain.
8754	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	yes it's big number. letter are hard to read old tech. phone, black & white, no color. not easy to use. too much money for the junck.




I ordered and received a new case&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samsung-Galaxy-Note-II-2-N7100-I605-L900-I317-T889-Tmobile-All-Version-Reiko-Black-Leather-Pouch-Case-Cover-with-Belt-Clip-Holster-and-Loops/dp/B009RFC4IU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samsung Galaxy Note II 2 N7100 I605 L900 I317 T889 Tmobile All Version Reiko Black Leather Pouch Case Cover with Belt Clip Holster and Loops</a>. My Galaxy Note 2 with Zerolemon battery fits nugly within this case and the magnetic holder just closes. It takes a bit of effort to extract the phone from the case, but I think it will work fine once the faux leather expands a bit. In terms of construction, the clip mechanism appears to be strong and durable. For belt use, there are actually 3 loop sections; I would be very surprised if they tore off with normal use. If there is any weakness (TBD), it might be in the stitched elastic sections that expand to accommodate wider phones. Time will tell...
I have always expect great products from Plantronics, but not this time..



5301	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	after she lost hers. I was surprised I could still find one and it works for both syncing and charging.

Oh, and the price is definitely right.  For under $50 how can you complain about solid performance and good ergonomics?  Sexy isn't required at this price.
5. Again, while on mute, the headset reminds you that you're on mute by beeping every 10 or 20 seconds. The beeps are just too long (2 beeps that lasts almost 2 seconds) that I miss the conversation from other parties. In case you wonder why it matters, I use the headset to join conference call.
7059	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I ordered the wrong battery.  I can't actually test the battery.  It arrived quickly.  Didn't bother to send it back, it's inexpensive, not worth the bother.
I charged up the WEP200 with the enclosed case that doubles as a wall or desktop charger, fitted the appropriate ear gel (3 are enclosed), and paired it with my LG VX8100 Phone. Super-light in weight at only 9 grams (with ear gel attached), The WEP 200 is comfortable and almost un-noticeable.
The third one does work, but only intermittently.  If I connect it, and leave the cord fully retracted, it does not charge.  However, if I pull out the cord almost all of the way, it seems to make the connection and charge the phone.
4254	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	thanks everything perfect
4473	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great item.
3567	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Just as described. Fast shipping. Thanks
2027	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I've spent the last two weeks ordering and returning bluetooth headsets.  Finally, after going through quite a few models (Motorola H350, Motorola H500, the Plantronics 655, the NX6000), I found a GREAT one.  I was willing to pay up to $150 for a headset that was comfortable, easy to use, and -- most importantly -- that my callers didn't complain about.  This headset has great sound quality on both ends, and the setup and buttons are very easy to use.  The boom folds out, and the headset turns on.  You fold it back, and the headset turns off.  Several of the headsets I tried had TERRIBLE buttons -- small and hard to work without looking in a mirror.  These are great.


Skype experience:
1270	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	It is ultra-easy to use, works great.  I get plenty of volume, folks hear me great and that's that.

8110	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I've been buying and trying different blutetooth stereo headsets supporting the A2DP profile, in search of the perfect one.  The form factor on this one is just about the best.  The dogtag chain relieves strain from the earbuds and can be hidden discreetly under your shirt.  The earbuds are designed to loop behind your neck, which is at first a bit odd, but makes a lot of sense.  The headset profile sounds pretty good and the A2DP profile is good but not excellent-- the bass is rather weak.  I pair with the Sony TMR-BT8iP on my iphone to connect to the A2DP profile.
1383	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I researched the AT&T service, so I knew what I was buying.
Too small: this size is NOT big enough for an iPhone 4S. You CAN stuff the iPhone 4S in--if you really HAD to--but I doubt you'd want to long-term. It's not a good fit. Get something bigger.
Pros:
9550	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The packaging for this indicates the ability to boost signals up to 1500 feet. I purchased this for use in my home and found that it would not work for my application.  I called Wilson Electronics for technical assistance. They were very good at helping me troubleshoot my issues. Ultimately, we determined it would not work for me and I returned it.

5889	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The iTorch from New Trent is a 5200 ma Rechargeable External Battery thats meant to give your USB charged phone or electronic device a boost while away from home.
but I gave this to my little sister, and she really loves it!
1710	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	The phone will not turn on does that mean it has to get sim card?  Usually you buy a phone It can be turned on.  It is charged.  I follow instructions.
1115	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Just what I needed.  Be very careful about polarity, the wires are not marked!  Otherwise I would give it 5 starts.

9639	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great deal; Works just like name brands that cost much more
SPEAKERS: Considering this unit has two speakers and is an upgrade from the N80, the sounds isn't quite as clear, good or powerful as that of an N80. There is an equalizer, boost & surround feature, none of which improve the sound. The sound is good, but not what it should be and is an obvious step down from the N80. That 'said,' the N82 offers a 3.5mm jack. The headset sound is stellar.


The battery is approximately the size a small closed flip phone and slightly heavier.
Like the KE850 Prada phone, this thing is a work of art; it's got an attractive brushed aluminum battery door, aluminum buttons for the camera and image stabilizer/unlock key, and chrome accents. The case is also well-constructed and the fit and finish is very good. It's not that compact, but for what it is, it's reasonably small, about the same size and thickness as an HTC Touch, TYTAN, Tilt, LG VU, or T-Mobile Wing.
2991	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	After my 2-year contract expired, I really wanted to buy an unlocked phone and choose my own service plan. I bought this one because it looked very slick and small. I just got it connected with AT&T service and it's been working fine.

626	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	The ansmann charger simply takes the guesswork out of charging the battery. You simply plug it in, stick the batteries into it no matter what their current charge level is, and it refreshes it neatly and cleanly.

2312	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I previously owned a Nokia 6230 for nearly two years and was very happy with it. A month ago however the membrane beneath the keypad began malfunctioning and I decided it was time to move on. After spending some time researching and bargain-hunting, I settled on the D807 as a promising, and having found it for free after renewing my contract with Cingular here on Amazon, decided to take the plunge.
The leather quality is good and the craft is fine, but there are 'Fatal' design flaws:

_*Conclusions:*_ Dependable, Small, Light weight, Easy to carry...Love the size and feel. As always, love the little pouches New Trent  supplies for their chargers.  Would definitely carry for use with the camera, iPod Touch and iPhone 4S. If my daughter sees it, know she will make love to it for the laser light usage. In a pinch would carry for iPad3 and iPad Mini usage.

5119	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	Rubber tip flew off, I thought this was a good product. Installed just the way it should have been. Still don't see how it happened..
8989	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This product is great for an on the go charger.  It is compact and works.  Easy to use, just plug in and charge.  The pointer light is not needed.  I would certainly recommend this product

One minor note of caution - use the USB/Micro cord that ships with the unit for best results. Beyond that, you can't go wrong with the iTorch for backup power. 5/5
I would say this is a fantastic device for improving cell phone reception in urban areas.
1000	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	They don't work...
it's not an issue.
d) the connector doubles as an earloop. Although they give you other earloops for changing out, that only works for the mono earbud. If you use the stereo headphone you are stuck with this single earloop.
4584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	it is exactly what was described would gladly buy it again if I needed it, am very happy with it

6753	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great price.
full keyboard for quick texting
2325	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this phone to have for my apartment. As much as I love my iphone, I miss the old flip phones. You could tuck them in your pocket with no hassle. They were great. The seller sold it cheap and it is in good shape.

8092	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I bought this bluetooth device a few years ago and it is still going strong.
3815	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	nokia n95 is complet phone it is smart and it is very strong to be conect with the network it is that phone I need
Verizon has alot of CDMA handoffs that are strictly cell to cell.  CDMA was designed so that a soft handoff could be made using both cells, and a 3rd to ensure no dropped data or calls, but I have not seen that feature used and experienced calls where one side was dead or where alot of cutouts happened in the mountains.  Now I have 4 bars/4 100% of the time - before it would drop to 1, 2, 3, or 4.  My vehicle telematics system is on ATT and shows its signal strength on the display when using it - seldom does att achieve even 2 bars here, and their antenna is external built into the car!  The ATT network has several times been unavailable for car data which seems to correspond to people who have iphones on verizon vs ATT - same phone, but terrible experiences w/ ATT.  It is unfortunate you do not have 2 real options with att and verizon due to ATT's weaker signal.  When cellular was first planned it was a duopoly with 2 options.  Now with PCS competition and confusion as to roaming on pcs you end up with one strong carrier nationwide.  Original analog cellular phones could be moved between carriers but today the phone is almost disposable since verizon and att chose incompatible digital systems.

Also, I have called tech support for this company many times when making product selection and support in the past.  It's rare u find a company that has USA trained technicians that pick up the phone when u call, and offer excellent support and product selection advise.  In all cases, the companies staff exceeded my expectations in both educating me and assisting me on what products fit my application best.
Distance is quoted as  up to 30 feet / Some phone combinations have distance issues if the headset and phone are not on the same side of your body.

Ok.  I have returned my phone(s) yes, plural!!  Let me explain why.
109	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	it works good but after few weeks it just stop working. the light just on but not charging



2 Second Hold Click - also pretty easy, it turns the IMP52D battery pack on & off -
- Not practical.  Putting it into your pocket without disassembling it first would destroy it.
6.  You can't reprogram the center button, always takes you to Cingular's website which costs you $$$.  Bad idea.  You can, however, reprogram the joystick.
As far as product improvements there is nothing really major but would love to see the following.

Little to expensive
1584	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	O.K. I've only had it two days, but for overall performance it beats the Motorola HS820 and HS850 I had before this! The biggest difference is the volume; both of my Motorola's were "on the ear", not "in the ear" like the Plantronics and the volume on this one is loud enough for the hard of hearing. Here's the quick pros and cons:

6703	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I got this product months ago but had to wait until we moved to review it; our previous house had excellent cell coverage throughout.  Our new house, however, is a split-level with the living room (where we do most of our, you know, living)on a lower level.  Cell coverage down there is 1-2 bars with occasional dropped calls if you move around.



Heavy duty
2577	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	First off, this does not even warrant ONE STAR.  This phone is absolute trash. It might look great but in reality it is a users nightmare.  The phone's biggest problem is the 'touch' buttons on the front. Adjusting the sensitivity will not solve the problem. Picking up the phone and placing it to your ear is liable to cause any number of annoying pushes on the keypad.  You might mute the call, hang up, or who knows what else.  Like other users, the cool factor wore off in about 3 days when I realized what I was in for.  Now, many months later, if you just touch the call button ONE TIME it starts calling the last person on your list.  Put the phone in your pocket? FORGET ABOUT IT! The phone will dial at random.....it should come with extra minutes from VZ because you will sure enough burn through them with all the 'accidental' calls.  It's ridiculous to have to treat this phone like this so that you don't accidentally dial a call. It is by far, the worst phone I've ever used.  I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. If you've recently bought the phone and are still within the return window, RETURN IT!
You should try the ProClip mounts. They are the best. They are made specific to match your device and car. You buy the device holder and then the car mount that is made specifically for your vehicle. They are wonderful. I bought a set for my iPhone 3G. I Love my ProClipUSA mount.
8824	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	This battery did exactly what I needed it to do.  I ran  a GPS app on my phone for 10 hours and it kept the phone charged.
2745	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Worked great, as advertised.  Would recommend to a friend.



price from competitors. Two things I did not like were that it takes long
1625	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	After buying and trying a Blue Ant from Amazon and finding it would not fit in my ear and continually fell off my ear, I returned it.  I read the reviews about the 510 and one of the comments about wearing glasses and using this headset.  Now I have this and I love it!  With a choice of 3 ear buds, I have found one that fits and is comfortable.  I have no problem wearing this headset and my glasses.  The unit is light and comfortable, the incoming and outgoing sound is great.  I hear everyone clearly and they are impressed that I am speaking on a headset and not directly into the phone.  Highly recommend this headset.
2. The led flashlight could be stronger.
4313	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this headset!  I forward my office line to my cell phone (blackberry) when I leave. People are surprised when I tell them that I am on my cell phone. They say it sounds like I am on my landline in my office.  The fit is fabulous as is the sound!  I purchased this headset after I purchased the jawbone.  I returned the jawbone because it was to frustrating trying to figure out how to get it to stay on my ear. I didn't think I would find another headset with such clarity in the sound as the jawbone.  I did!  The Blueant Z9 sound is just as good as the jawbone.  I highly recommend this headset!
everything else is fine with the phone.
3763	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	I like this as it has the 2 USB ports and 2 power outlets. I have two USB power adapters now I can charge 6 items from this one unit! Mounts easy and is fused!
7871	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	I received the item pictured but it doesn't work at all! No sound comes through it at all, even if you use the Apple headphones with it!  Don't bother wasting your money on it.
2424	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	2.0	it works with LG VX8600, but not with Motorola V3M from Verizon. At first my LG vx8600 is having hard time finding this device, but once it creates the profile, connect is pretty easy. If the volumn is loud, it has too much feedback for the other end. so the volumn has to be small, kinda bad for driving with a lot of road noise. charger and box quality feel quite cheap. THis is my first Bluetooth headset, so I don't know how it perform compare to others. it is a mediocore performer in my opinion.
1095	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	My wife uses this at work and had been using this for a year and it still works. I normally buy every 3 months because she breaks them. This is the only one that lasted more than 3 months.
- Excellent Voice quality for incoming and outgoing calls.
5032	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	NEG	1.0	1. Product is coming from HongKong, that was not mentioned  it will take almost a month to reach US
Well, this phone doesn't disapoint. There's external music controls and an external volume control. You can turn it up loud enough to annoy the people next door if you really try. There's also a headphone jack that, thankfully, allows for normal headphones to be used. I have a neat little set I got on a Delta flight, and they work just fine.
671	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	Cleans easy and never looses stickyness. Good in all weather conditions!
-There will be a lot of new sharp looking phones with features superior to the RAZR coming out this fall.
8583	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	5.0	I love this little accessory, wish I knew about it several years ago (when I first got the BB Pearl).  If you are like me and love the lastest accessory you will love this for your BlackBerry.

We gave him a really good stereo set that he uses at home and to listen books and music but he uses the lower priced ones while he is on the road. This Jabra is reasonable quality and performance for the money.
Pros:
This adapter is very flexible so it's not like you have a rigid wire sticking out of the bottom of your iPhone.  i wish the connector body was longer so I didn't have to grasp the skinny cord to pull the adapter out of the phone.  But it's better to have this inexpensive adapter fail than to damage the $30 earbuds.
I used to have a Motorola over the ear BT set, and this totally blows it out of the water, both in comfort and quality.  I'm no longer asking my callers to repeat what they're saying, or rolling up my windows and turning off the music just because I'm on a call.

If you are in any way using this phone as anything more than just pulling an email account and occasional surfing, this phone is not for you. In addition to Microsoft themselves recommending 64MB of RAM and the fact that EVERY PDA and phone for the past year and a half has at LEAST 64 MB of RAM, Palm foolishly decided to go with HALF that number -- the same 32 MB of RAM that was available to users in their Treo 600 released in 2002!!! This was greed. With Windows Mobile this even more of a problem because it was built to multitask -- keep your applications open in the background and called to the front on request. Opening and closing bulky applications is SLOW in Windows Mobile. With the 700w you get about 14MB of RAM to run applications before you put in the necessary minimal add ons, which will reduce your memory by at least 1-2 MB. But the real problem are memory leaks in WM 5 which will reduce that number even more. Add the fact that the 700w will QUIT applications when you get to the 5MB level, this will mean that your device will not multitask and you might have 2 apps open at the same time, maybe even 3 if they are not memory intensive. If you have open your email program and may have surfed using Pocket IE recently then opening your contact manager like PocketInformant will take you at least 5-10 seconds. You will hate that rotating colored ball. THIS CANNOT BE CHANGED as there are no RAM upgrades. I need to reset the phone at least once a day to clear the RAM.
338	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	Battery fits tight, this is good. Back cover doesn't fit nearly as well. My S5 keeps showing the error that I need to secure the back cover. It only does this on a restart of the phone so it isn't that annoying but the back cover could be a little more substantial. I believe that this would assist this issue.
excitement. The device arrived partially charged at a little under half

Just keep it and use it when you need to. Great as a back-up to another card or for emergency use.

5972	Cell_Phones_and_Accessories_5	POS	4.0	first one I got.. died out within the 10th charge.. but it was under warranty and got replaced with another new one.
