Overall this monitor looks like a great deal for those needing a 30" high resolution monitor.
1603	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	with all due respect to the author, this was one of those books that i desperately wanted to like, but found myself continually frustrated with. to me it's one of those books that tries too hard to be important, gritty and 'hip.'  those are all noble ambitions, i guess, but it's difficult to pull off without coming across as haughty and pretentious, which 'bad traffic,' unfortunately, struck me as being.
9740	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works, what can I say
3941	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
DO NOT buy this worthless garbage.
8463	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Briefly, the FM and AM reception are very good for the Grundig YB 400PE radio. SW is decent and SSB is fair, at best. The controls and display for the Grundig are good, too: ergonomically, the choices made by Grundig were sound and better than much of the competition. Which is to say, the buttons and controls are easy to master in comparison to similar Kaito and Sony models. The Sony ICF-SW7600GR is a better unit, I have to say, but the audio on the Grundig is much preferable to the Sony. Overall, I would take the Sony, but the Grundig is a good portable radio and I would not be disappointed if I were on a desert island with just a Grundig Yacht Boy 400PE as company. Well done.
8739	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've owned the camera for one week and it has worked very good so far. I agree with the other customers about the manual... it would be a lot better if it had a section for each language, not three languages together in one  page. But the camera is very easy to use, takes excellent pictures and has  many nice features. With a tripod, you can take great pictures at night  without the flash! The software is also very easy to use. Although it's not  documented in the manual, the camera comes with a TWAIN driver, so you can  choose to download the photos with the bundled application or with your  favorite photo editing software.
Sorry this is not a full review and perhaps this is a unique hardware failure but if it happens to one person surely it will happen again.

But to be honest it is big enough
4471	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Been using maxwell HP for years they are great to travel with and extremely comfortable. I am quite fussy about sound quality and forvtravel there just fine . Like the fact you can size them to your personal fit .
717	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I used it to mount a 32" LCD TV to the wall... about 28LBS.  I installed it in less than 1/2 hour and am very happy with the results.
581	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Could offer a little more in flexibility of installation, but once in place the set can be placed in just the right position repeatedly.
7905	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great power strip.  I use it in my office and there is enough room between each plug that it doesn't matter how big the plug next to it is, it does not interfere.
2461	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	100% reliable and excellent product

3480	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This cable is fine, except for the fact that there is no rigid construction to keep the male end from bending. I dropped my nexus 7 from a height of 1 foot onto my bed and it bent about 45. Your best bet is the official nexus 7 charger, but beware, the USB and the cable have almost entirely seperated on the cable that came with my Nexus 7.
7578	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The surge protector is a nice addition to my desk, but no color-coded stickers (for the items plugged into the protector) were in the package and I'd really like to receive them. Now, although I can plug in 6 gadgets, I still don't know which plug goes with which device. What's the purpose of a color-coded socket if you can't use it?
For years TV reception was horrible until we got cable.
9970	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great during Hurricane Irma. NOAA came in crystal clear and emergency bands were indispensable.
870	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great value
Setup of this device is about as easy as you can get in an networking device.  If you have ever wrestled with the vague vagaries of wireless network configuration settings on a device, have no fear; this is about as much of a plug-and-play networking device as you can get.  The box comes with two identical adapters, two 4-foot long Ethernet cables, a single-sheet 3-step "Quick Installation Guide", and a CD that contains an additional "User Manual" PDF file that you can save or print out.  The included CD contains nothing more than the 13-page "User Manual", but the only additional information that it provides over what the printed "Quick Installation Guide" and box descriptions contain are an "FCC Statement" and a "Limited 1-Year Product Warranty".

If you are shopping for an eReader I think either way you go, Nook, Kindle, Sony, etc. eReaders are fun and take reading to the next level. Happy reading!
2615	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I connected my iPad 3 and after a few second the iPad began to sound like you connect and disconnect several times so in order to avoid problem with the battery I prefer discard the charger.
2570	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great for my phone car charger.  Me and my friends like to charge our phone where ever we are in the car and the light is pretty cool.

I just found last day it has a recipe App with more than 17,000 recipes. It has pictures for most of the products.
1373	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got the Nook Tablet for Christmas last year. Since then, I have memorized the use of my Nook inside-out, and know all the Pro's and Con's.
4124	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed this card to update my maps in my Garmin because there was not enough room on the Garmin to fit all the new maps.  This card worked fine.
If you are looking for an action packed novel that will leave you wanting to read more from an author, THIS IS IT!
5980	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great for the wife to record on.
116	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
8721	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought the camera mid-June, and by late June was covering a national convention requiring daily uploads to webpages.  Got rave reviews of the images shared.  The USB connection is easy and fast.  I found it handled  indoor shots without flash with outstanding resolution.
3) The device itself is actually smaller than it appears in the pictures. For me, that's good because it takes up less space. The footprint is roughly the size of a salad plate.
1646	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Going to buy the next in the series! Interesting characters and a good supernatural element excited to see what happens next.
If you're looking for a relatively inexpensive, but highly appreciated gift for a talk radio fan, this is it.  If you're looking for a cool radio for a young person, this probably ain't it.  If you're into talk radio, or you want to have some fun with AM DX-ing, then get one for yourself.
The Rio is a lot like an  IBM ThinkPad.  It's perhaps not the sexiest device on the market, and it's  a little bit more costly than some other options, but it does everything a  bit better than the competition and will last (making that bit more you  spent up-front more than worthwhile).

8662	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you need a camera that takes higher quality, and higher resolution photos in all kinds of light, you will need this camera.  The 3Com HomeConnect has remarkable low-light capability.  I use it as a "weather cam."  It is pointed out the window of my office in Edinburgh, Indiana where it adapts well to everything from bright sunlight to ambient street lighting at night.  Unlike most Webcams, this one features a resolution as high as 640x480.  I also like the long, detachable USB cord.  Another plus is the easy setup  utility.  Basically, all you do is put the CD in the drive and it tells you  onscreen what to do next.  It's so simple!  Just don't plug the camera into  the USB port before the program instructs you to do so.  It's not the least  expensive camera on the market, but the extra price gets you a much better  camera than the average Webcam.
-Decent battery life, although not as long as the manufacturer claims.

5246	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	happy with it
You may need to be a little tech savvy to get it working. Not everything works perfectly as the instructions say, but once you get it, it seems to work well so far. The purpose for us doing this, was to prevent us from having to move the printer from one computer to another especially if a computer goes down. Now, we don't have to.


2684	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great stays in the outlet the blue indicator light works. works with iphones can mix & match which cords you want to use
4047	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelent
3442	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fit my note 3 great
1084	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought 64GB microSD card for my Samsung Galaxy Note, since internal memory is only 16GB. So far the memory is working pretty good, descent speed, enough capacity to store all my music and books. I had to format the memory inside my phone in order for the phone to recognize it. Would recommend this MicroSD card to anyone who has a need for high-capacity memory
I kind of enjoyed the book, it was creepy without being terrifying, and it was very easy to read, to breeze through.  I would not give it 5 stars, because lead character Nightingale is sort of a piece of flotsam, he does not take charge, he floats in the current of what is going on, a bit too much for my taste, and the horror is scary, but in a jejune way.
- Looks nice on the inside and outside
8065	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	little bit shorter than i thought. it feels like it's about 4-5 feet, although i have no precise measurement. but the whole cable itself works really well and is in good condition.
9257	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it is easy to use and I like the way the backing on the tape comes off easily - it is slit down the middle and you just fold the tape and take off the backing - so customer friendly.
8072	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just wish I had purchased one that was longer.  My problem alone.  It does what I expect it to do. Just wish someone, like my wife, had said "Did you measure how long it needs to be to reach from a to b before you ordered it?"  It now drapes across the printer.  Not pretty but all works fine.  Ain't broke, not fixin' it.
7471	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cord is durable, no tangles, great length, color, and exactly what I'm looking for in an extension cord. I bought 2 more. I like the 3-prong versatility. Nothing bad to say about the product.
9927	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I have used Amazon to purchase any item,what a surprise great deal great price! Well packed and very fast shipping. I will use this service again!
I will be buying LOTS of these as gifts, and I'm going to root them all!  This is a perfect device for hackers and regular ebook readers too!

7803	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I need an extension cord in my apartment and had gone through 2 extension cords a defective one I purchased through Amazon and one from the store both messed up or had slots not working. This extension cord I fell in love with b/c it comes with tabbed like stickers to put on the appliance your gonna connect in order to match it and know what you are disconnecting. I liked this because sometimes I need to disconnect something and instead of finding the right cable to disconnect the color labels tell me! In addition it has phone outlets on the extension cord which I did not use but I thought was nice. And there is a power button that turns everything on and off. There is also a button that protects it from over heating that shuts it off and you can reset it at the bottom. Great product for me sturddy and efficient.
5617	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
4591	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Only tape adapter that works silently and doesn't eject on a 2001 prius.
If, like most people, you've got your computer jammed into a corner in a busy room, you don't have the soundspace to set up a truly extraordinary auditory experience.  If you've got a lot of people living with you, anything more than 10 watts is discourteous, anyway.  Unless you have a room that you can dedicate to the computer, and that's relatively isolated from others, it's extremely unlikely you would actually be able to use more than this system offers.
my TV so I had to add a bunch (5 each for each of the four corners).  If not, you could screw into your picture area.
They're tough - in four years I've never had any wear out or fall apart, and some of them get pulled apart over and over when I need to lengthen or shorten a cord. My iPod dock, for instance: some days I put it on the kitchen counter, next to an outlet, while I'm cooking, and I use a tie to shorten the cord. Other times I bring it into a room with me as I work, and I take the tie off so that I can plug the cord in further from an outlet. I've never had a problem despite all the wrapping and unwrapping of cords.
7262	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!

211	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great little photo book.  I love the vintage look.  Great for the price!

2728	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice construction and nice labeling so you don't use it for the wrong thing.  It does the job and for only three bucks, you can't go wrong.

3847	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've spent a lot of money on hi end cables thinking they would make a huge difference on my tv viewing experience. My old cables were thick and difficult to roll up or adjust. I needed another cable for an addition to my entertainment center and decided I'd try out one of less expensive cables.  Not only was it a nice solidly made wire but it was also flexible which was a nice surprised after dealing with bulky cables. Will definitely look into replacing all my cables with more of these not only because of flexibility but also due to great picture quality.
6414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I can download porn at speeds so fast it gives my dingus whiplash. I need 7 more words and I'm done.
So generally, just Beware - the monitor definitely has quality issues.
6939	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed at the time, I 'm not sure it's going to handle 3 couputers, I 'll know soon, Thanks for your help.  Ralph

5810	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Tried others and have not found better than Allsop. Trusted them for years and they are like a rock in this area.

8247	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a basic sound card.  Nothing fancy.  The thing that seperates it from the rest is that Creative is a huge company and has drivers available for all Windows (the Linux/BSD world probably supports this thing, I haven't checked).  This is as close to plug and play as you can get.
1120	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and, after updating firmware to get rid of ghosting issues, great image quality.
2874	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cheap (as in inexpensive) and met my needs.  Allowed me to turn my Surface Pro 3 into a low-cost karaoke machine.  Power plugs right into the USB charge port on the Surface Pro's power adapter.


Here's a few on the Nook:  1- It keeps the book title, time, and battery charge visible while reading.  2-It starts up just a bit faster than the Kindle.  3-You can use your own photos for the screen saver and wallpaper.  4-it recognizes the table of contents in PDF books.  5-it reads EPUB file types (meaning you can buy books from Borders.com too and read them)
3365	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product does NOT deserve the 2 stars the other reviewers gave it.  One reviewer got the wrong product, apparently (which has to do with the seller), while the other doesn't seem to realize that the USB port is for charging peripherals, NOT a computer.
Excellent choice if you don't want to get the highly expensive cable shields and very reliable. Great choice and Great Buy!
3410	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This little MicroSD is perfect for my Galaxy S4 with all of the bloatware.  I would recommend this product to anyone who has a Galaxy phone.. SO MUCH SPACE
5423	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cleaner has more brushes, therefore a cleaner CD, and DVD player. I use it on both and am happy with the results.
The lows are good, the highs are good, and the ear cushions are very comfy, even for my large head, for extended periods.  The cushions I find to hold in heat from my ears and cause sweating (sorry if that's gross, but you need to know this stuff to be informed). I've always had that problem with all cushioned headphones since many, many ages ago, and so is not a problem with just these headphones, but the Advents cause it sooner than others I have owned - they make a very airtight seal around your ears.



2348	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this all the time at work Powers my phone and the GPS unit at the same time
3476	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It looks just like the real thing, however it does not hook into the port as well as the original one. Not a big issue considering the price.
works well
B&N wants your credit card to download FREE apps -  ain't gonna happen
5600	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	These really suck as a cable tie if you are constantly using them or expect them to hold cables being moved a lot (Ex. Work Travel). Only the very end of the cable tie has velcro on it, there is no way to attach the wrapped under end to the cable, thus it constantly slips out of its wrap. I took a chance on these to replace my monoprice hook and loop ties and regret it. Don't make the same mistake.
7163	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There is not much to say! The Belkin USB Cable works and is priced right on Amazon when compared to the "Big Box" stores. If you have a need for this item, get it. You can't go wrong.
941	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great card.  However, Samsung galaxy users beware that the new operating system will not let you download most apps to an external card.  It is not the fault of this card, but a Samsung operating system deficiency.
  Its very annoying.
Happy labeling to all!

4602	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Okay
9880	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent all-purpose label maker, & this tape works great in it, not much else to say, except it does the job & the labels work.
6578	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I work in IT and I manage my company's network, including a wireless network. I also have kept a network in my own home for over ten years. Suffice it to say I have a bit of experience with networking equipment.
Some bullet points about this e-reader, some of which stand it apart from competitors like the current Kindle:

Put on CM 10.2.2 (Android 4.2.2) last week.  I've got to say, it's nice.  Fonts are small, though one could choose dpi if they had visual issues (google this).  Netflix works, and the UI is really quite nice - pretty much no need for Button Savior, battery life is same as CM7.  In general I like it better than CM7.  My major hardware dislikes are headphone jack requires a little wiggling sometimes, no BT, no GPS.  Seems to charge fine with a normal cable.
My home was hit by lightning on July 2, 2004 during a severe lightning storm. Both of my garage door openers were destroyed during the strike and they were on separate NET3 power line surge protectors made by APC.
2394	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There are just things that you need. This is one of them. By using Amazon & Prime I get more choices, a better selection, and don't have to run around wasting time and more money

It's not a huge problem, but has put a little wrinkle into turning the Kindle on and off.  A similar issue exists with the volume up button on the right.  It isn't as much of a problem as you just have to press down and not slide a switch.  All the other buttons and controls are accessible.


93	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is a shame that Barnes and Noble didn't make theirs as well as this one
Memory Expansion
Delivery was pretty quick, too.
1497	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had my nook wifi for several months now and I must say that I absolutely love it. I was an English major in college and I read tons of books so for a long time I went back and forth between the kindle and the nook. I love amazon, but the nook appealed to me more. I finally bought the nook just after I graduated because I had some leftover graduation money and I am so glad I did. The only thing I might have done differently would be to have paid the extra fifty dollars for the free 3g. I don't really use the web browser, but it would be nice to have since I don't get web on my phone. Anyway, the browser is actually not that bad, if you view a regular web page you have to pan side to side to see the whole thing, so for emails I just use the mobile version of yahoo and gmail since I just have to scroll up and down. The browser works well for basics, like email, checking movie times, and a quick wikipedia search.
2977	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, we had no issues using it, easy to set up so we really didn't need instructions. The instruction sheet included with this unit was not much help, if we did need it. Though for the price, I am certainly not complaining.
Pros:
3319	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Never disappointed, 5 stars
I would add that these are recommended in the Nakamichi owner's manual. Go figure.
Will use Technology Galaxy again.

3997	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelent-
4881	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought the lens cleaner for a friend and she says that she likes it a lot. She is very happy with it.
4248	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Did what it was suppose too
TIP: The radio has a ground screw on the back which I'm guessing most people don't use. After hooking up a long wire outdoor antenna, I noticed that what really helped AM DX reception was the ground!
7492	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works fine under Windows ME, 2000, and XP, because you don't need drivers, I read a bad review for this item, and let me tell to the autor: or you have an old windows version(98 or 95) or you need to contact support, but not for this device, you need suport for the CF card developer, because this its just an adapter.
Of the 16GB of storage, you can only place your own items in 1GB.  The rest is for B&N-purchased content.  1GB is not enough for a music collection, or any significant amount of video.  A 32GB Class 4 micro-SD card was also in her stocking, having read about this ahead of time.
The read speed is great.
5263	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The GE Superadio III used to be a great radio.  I bought my first one seven years ago and it worked so well that I bought another.  I have recently purchased two more as gifts and they are not the same radio.  Side-by-side they look the same (except for the numbers on the tuning dial).  Inside they have dissimilar circuit boards.  The real difference is the two new radios are unable to tune stations nearly as well as the older radios.  I would recommend not purchasing this radio.
8817	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My son has always got his Note 3 in and out of his pocket. He works around chemicals and water.  I bought this because it has a place for money...he just lost a wallet...and it protects the phone.  He is thrilled with it.  In fact several friends have asked where to get one.  I was one of my best purchases and the seller was very good about getting it shipped overnight to me.  Thank you Anker...I'll be back!
5452	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great buy if you need to run the wire from one room to another.  The brand is good and the quality is there.
5203	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased these speakers about a year ago. If you'd like to know what your likely useable time is with these speakers feel free to use this example. I'm on Amazon right now buying replacements (ANOTHER BRAND) for these that have completely failed. They worked fine at first, then got fuzzier. One quit completely tonight, no power..nothing. The other still "works" with lots of fuzz. I find myself re-tuning the signal a lot. Time for a replacement. If you intent to use wireless speakers spend some extra bones and get a different brand. I'm trying the Acoustic Research AW-871s now. They supposedly have better range. Don't settle for cheap unless you have to. You'll probably be replacing them in a year if your patience lasts that long! Don't say we didn't warn you!

319	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It met expectations
9904	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.  It works the way it supposed to and I haven't had any problems with it. Great product
9414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Made by Brother for the Brother label maker.  No problems.
This book was given to me by the author in return for my honest review.  I have received no other compensation.
1368	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like it.
3022	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This goes great with my ACER netbook.  I use it a lot to import things from other computers.  It makes things so much more convenient.
* The RJ45 connectors were intact and undamaged
I bought the Nook Simple Touch to replace it, and am very satisfied with my purchase.
1802	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I won't lie i didn't love the beginning and it took me a while to go back because the beginning turned me off a few times but once i let the story fill me i couldn't get enough i have read this one at least three times not skipping any part like they are all new love it.
This story developed at a quick pace. There were plenty of twists and turns and even a couple hairpin turns that caused my breath to catch in my throat. The mystery kept me guessing. The romance was interesting and believable to me. The conclusion left me feeling satisfied yet interested in learning more about Val Virgo. I particularly enjoyed the flavor added by the Winnipeg setting. I could see the great, white north, and I've never even been there.
Cons
724	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I'd never bought one of these, mainly due to the high prices in the retail stores.  I hadn't looked online much, and hadn't really needed a monitor mounting device until recently.


2943	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	having bit of trouble with win 8 but well worth money.
9182	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I don't know about the rest of you but I have been researching products to allow me to play music for about 2 months and I've had a hard time making a decision.  I've looked a mp3, minidisc, and regular cd players.  I finally chose to jump in and buy this mainly because I didn't want the mp3 craze to pass me by :^).  Here's what I think:
the reviews and based on price and reviews I decided on this one.  I installed this cleaner into the player and followed
3119	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a mic to record my commentary for gameplay videos. This works great! Despite the fact that when you plug it into your ipod touch your speakers turn off, it is amazing. This is small but as they say, Good things come in small packages. It is quite clear but this varies on how close it is to your mouth and what device you are using to record with. When I use it to record audio on my Blackberry Phone the audio has a lot more static than when I record with my iPod Touch. Over all, I would really recommend this product. If you are leaning towards getting it but you are a bit indecisive, I would say go for it. The price that it is being sold for is almost the same price as a pack of gum and this would probably last you longer than the gum haha.

1/2-inch is our most used size.
1059	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It really works with Samsung's Newest Tablet.  But first you should reformat the card to fat32.  The tablet itself doesn't seem to be able to make this process. I formated it with my Galaxy S2 and then inserted it into the tablet.  Hope it helps other people.
3251	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
6166	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love these 8 hour tapes. I still tape a lot of TV shows because I'm asleep when the prime time shows are on. I love to fast forward through the commercials. It's great.
Go try a Logitech Quickcam Pro 4000 or an Intel CS430 and you'll see what a good web cam is capable of.
i am able to see formulas in small font but then the rest of text is unreadable.
6955	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed an extension for my wired mouse and this extension was the answer, works great, plug in and go!!
Be careful to match the headset to the actual radio you have purchased. This headset does not work with all radios.

511	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am using this with a 40 inch Samsung smart tv.  The extended bars were not needed.  This is very easy to mount to a wall stud with just two bolts.  Many bolts are provided to fit with your television.  It is very sturdy and able to be positioned in many different ways.  Highly recommended.
3028	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I would have loved to use this but it asked me for a Key Number that I was never able to get from anyone.  If it weren't for that I feel it was a decent product - just didn't have all I needed to make it work, so it was a disappointment to me.
(1)  Sounds best when both bass and treble are at halfway on (that is, if the control were numbered from 1 to 10, it would be at 5).
5101	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great reception, easy to use and good sound for a one speaker radio.
7298	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This serial cable worked great for my ham radio application.  I had another one and it didn't work for some reason. You can't beat this for the price and very sturdy construction.
7915	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just as specified and ordered
297	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I received the initial version of this book which was out of date. This book is updated to the current and has many good factual pieces of information. I would not recommend that he change the cover of the book from Ver 1 to an updated version as it can be confusing. I would recommend purchasing this book but for the author, I would suggest you delve into some of the apps more in depth and subjects as the Labs-what they are and why they can be so helpful.
1917	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Liked:
The GPS III+ is perfect for any outdoor activity you throw at it  and is great for driving too. There is an optional set of maps called  MapSource maps you can download on the gps from your computer to add more  detailed information on the gps. Keep in mind however, if you do buy the  mapsource map set, you won't be able to store much on the gps because of  limited memory space. (usually only holds about one large city at a time).  If you primarily want a gps for driving purposes, get the Emap GPS which  can store MUCH more information and is made primarily for  driving.

1974	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good for what it is. The owner manual excerpt. Tons of stuff on a laminated card.

7882	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great cables that are the perfect length and work exactly as I expected them to work. Amazon always has the best cables for the best price.
318	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Only issue so far is the hinges are firm, but that is probably by design (so the tv doesn't swing from where you want it). Overall a fantastic product - that 2' extension really gets it far from the wall and much closer to my desk (using a 40" 4K tv as a computer monitor).
851	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It didn't work with my phone.  Be sure to check the list of supported devices on the Slimport website before you buy this.
After the first use of this system there was a noticeable difference.. IE: It actually had a picture again.
5808	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to maintain peak performance of your CD players and or recorder.  Simply follow the instructions and experience like new performance.
1162	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great product
That's how these headphones sound out of the box.
Beyond that, the Sony does have the  ability to download files via a cable. Unfortunately, this was developed  before any good compression had standardized and transfered files end up  being enormous. I'd wait unitl this linking is either infra-red or the  recording ability is on your Palm.
2122	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	She likes to read herself to sleep and I like to keep electricity costs down - this was the perfect solution for us. Plus, it's pink. Win-win.
9865	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product at a fair price.  Worked well with my tape machine also a Brothers product.  I happy with it.

7119	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Dead on arrival. Did not work and ended up returning this. Purchased a cable off Monoprice which did the job.
9937	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been using the P-Touch PT-80 for over a year and just ran out of tape. The product works great for labeling files, wires, or anything else.
-  Apple App Store, $0.99 and $0.99, plus free, ad-supported versions available.
I would add that these are recommended in the Nakamichi owner's manual. Go figure.
8248	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This RCA VH920 video switcher device is a very convenient and cost effective way of accommodating multiple video devices (including VCRs, DVD player, LaserDisc Player, DSS satellite system, and 2 additional devices  like a video game system, video camera, etc.) to a television.  If you  don't have a Home Theater system setup that incorporates the features of  the VH920, then this is the thing you need -- no more manually switching  cables and hoping you got the setup right - this does it simply and  elegantly.  The fact that it supports S-VHS devices is a super benefit as  you know that S-VHS provides superior picture quality.  And you don't have  to have RCA/ProScan video equipment for it to work, it has a 'learn'  feature that uses your equipment's remote control to integrate your device  into the switcher's setup.  I bought this device from Amazon and have been  extremely pleased with the results.
Ok, so what you have all been waiting for: The Good
5036	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the mp3 player. very easy to use, BUT the voice recorder is the bonus.. instantly you can record a conversation at the tip of your fingers...
The tapes I opened so far are as fresh and new as when I opened a new tape 10 years ago.  High quality recording tape.  I agree that the images aren't as good as DVD's but they really aren't that bad.
3945	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
4948	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I spent $19.00 for a piece of junk. Instructions says it'll run for 30 seconds. Mine runs three seconds. Don't waste your money.
5175	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Despite several attempts (including changing locations) I was unable to get a strong enough dial tone for my fax.

7917	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fits my needs perfectly and is pretty color to boot, what is not to love!


6313	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cable. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a good, cheap patch cable. I bought them to replace some home made cables, and they work perfectly.

I checked the charging current.
4128	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was not happy that I needed a micro card for my nuvi - I get lifetime maps but nowhere to put them, lol. and the card available through garmin cost three times the price of this one!! I was happy to find this at such a great price. It arrived quickly and works great. Thanks for saving my nuvi Kingston!! :)

7420	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Even with shipping, these cassettes are about a dollar a piece, just an outstanding value, and I never left the comfort of my house, thanks to Amazon and their fine group of business's, I'm totally satisfied.  In this day of higher fuel costs I enjoy the option of shopping online and trust Amazon to do the work for me while I save a few dollars on gas, just seems like a good economic decision.  Jeffco
2035	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The light was good and strong. Cast the perfect level of light. On off switch. However it is cheap. A cheap USB connector. Doesn't support the weight of the light. Caused shorts and my USB ports would go dead and I would have to restart my computer. The connector from the stress split. Didn't work for more than 5 minutes after several feeble attempts to get it sorted. Don't buy. Enough other lights to chose from.

1542	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I read a lot and the glowlight turns on after just holding the Nook button down for 2 seconds. So this is very easy to turn on in the dark. I chose this over Kindle due to being able to use epub's and pdf's. I like the new Kindle e-ink better but I must have epub. Nook is an excellent compromise and you have the added benefit of rooting it and installing the Kindle android app to read any kindle purchases anyway.
517	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to setup, simple instructions, has all the mounting hardware and fits a huge different variety of TV's with great support.

fourouttafive.
I used this remote speaker mic for 5 days while snowboarding.  I wore it on the strap of the backpack where it was exposed to snow and cold constantly.  I'm not the best snowboarder so I was in the snow all over the place.  The mic isn't labeled as water proof or even weather resistant but it definitely got wet and still works like a charm.  The clip was strong enough and never fell off of the strap even after all of my spills.  I love this thing and want to use it every chance I get.
5662	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is very good: high quality, good service, and fast ship. It is sutable with my think before I got it.
962	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product for a low price.


I labeled my brother CX4800 computer printer with the info for the generic ink cartridges - Amazon!
4044	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
7000	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works perfect to plug our external hard drive into out HDTV so the hard drive isn't hanging from the back of the TV. We watch 1080 HD movies through it every weekend!! And the price is excellent too!!! Way cheaper than the cable I found in the electronic stores!! Highly recommend!
9399	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect for my labeller! I label everything in my home office so these are something I use often. I love the white and clear tape.
2049	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got one of these lights last year to use with my Kindle - the flexible neck holds up well, the clip is strong, the batteries last a long time, and the light is plenty bright enough for reading in a dark room.  I carry it with me in my purse.  My kids kept borrowing it - so this year for Christmas, everyone got their own! It's especially handy for the kids on long car rides...
That said, I was sort of surprised to see this pop up as something recommended by Amazon today. The newer version is faster, has a higher resolution screen, is lighter despite same screen size, and has bluetooth. (Still no camera or GPS). B&N also is now allowing access to the Google Play Store. It is available on the newer version but I don't know if they updated the software for this one to allow access. I suspect they didn't but this would be something to check on if considering purchasing.
Bondi is the software system that allows you to "read" the magazines. Searching is not a major problem. Simple searches produce very good results. Do a search for Grahan Wilson or a playmate and the returned information is excellent. Try looking for a dimly remembered story and returns may not be very good. I have no more problems using the Bondi reader than I have with the reader for the New Yorker or National Geographic and the search results are compatible. I have had the Playboy 50s through two PCs and the change from Windows to VISTA. Bondi supported their reader with a download that installed with no problems. The Playboy 60s had an updated version that installed over the old one without problems. Bondi has more than Playboy under their system. If that is your reason for not buying, you cannot buy any product like this.

1757	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great book. I loved the story and flow of the story. I read the whole series and enjoyed the books very much. Characters are interesting and blend together great. I would highly recommend books
304	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to know more about the Chromebook, but couldn't find much information written about it. This book contains everything I wanted to know about what a Chromebook is, and clearly explains what it can and can't do. It points out the similarities and differences between Chrome and other operating systems, discusses using the Cloud, identifies why some things won't work and explains ways to get around the limitations. I found the book informative and very helpful.
2787	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	More expensive than others but this is the best design.  This is the third one I've gotten and they all work perfectly.  First one is over a year old.
4062	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works Great. Easy Install.
5374	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok it looks cheap, but if you like a lot of pressure and water, this is the one for you.

In other words the cord is pinched when the phones are folded up and this is a terrible design.  After only about a month, one of the wires split and I lost the right headphone completely.  And forget about trying to fix it as it is virtually impossible to remove and repair the wire without destroying the casing.
4014	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excelente
1)  Great AM reception.  Even during the day it's not difficult to pick up stations up to a couple of hundred miles away.  At night, it can be several hundred miles.  This radio has an 8" ferrite antenna, and when you hook up an external antenna like the C Crane Twin Ferrite, it really gets good.

9533	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use a lot of labels. These arer great/
6497	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived promptly and a quality product. It is the exact cable I needed.  I will shop AmaMax in the future.
8788	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked perfect with Motorola MH series Talkabout.
I RETURNED this product because I was afraid as the package warns that I could scratch my discs. I would not have ordered if anyone had mentioned this information on the website so I could evaluate the risks and make a wise buying decision.
At this price point, the Superradio III blows away the competition.
7408	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This 10 pack of audio tapes will work well for recording sermons on an old recording system.  Price was right.
3326	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
I recommend it.
6) The Kindle battery lasts longer, but the nook is fine with the Wi-Fi turned off - about 10 hours.  The nook battery is user-replaceable and costs just $29, unlike the Kindle
Also you get a lot of free cloud storage from Google as well.
- if fully discharged, problems recharging
It's getting a bit long in the tooth, being over a year old as of Feb 2001.  There is no good competition to drive an even better model.  The shortcomings have been cataloged:  bad battery life, user interface that is expert friendly, but not necessarily novice friendly; a bit bulky.
9812	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fits in the machine perfectly - just drop it in the space and it automatically starts right up and you can continue whatever it was that you were working on - no muss no fuss
I still have not found one thing to complain about.
Unfortunately, the Rio is not without faults. In  fact, I have a hard time recommending it. 32 meg is definitely NOT enough.  I got a Flash card, and have started having varying problems, first with my  memory being unusable, and then having small chunks become corrupted. Am  now having problems with the player intermittently stopping on its own and  freezing up so I have to remove the battery. Oh, should mention that the  first Rio I got had a broken battery compartment and was returned. Am still  waiting on my rebates. HATE not being able to use it on Windows NT, and not  having USB. And the headsets that come with it are worthless for many  people. Personally, I'm not sure I even want to try the later Rio models,  as I've had so much trouble with this one in only a few months of owning  it.
4276	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This usb cable did not work at all for my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 and some few other phones as well...
Anyway, books are still cheaper on Amazon.
9294	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The black letters contrast with the green backround well enough to be easily seen in fair to good light. The tape adheres well, as you would expect from this manufacturer.
6881	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great does whats described sorry cant think of anything else to say except I hate that we have to do this in twenty or more words totally excessive
I highly recommend for a small digital camera like my Toshiba PDRM1.  Dimensions of my camera: 4-3/4" long by 3-1/4" high by 1-1/2" deep.  This camera is a perfect fit for this particular bag.
After running this board for past few days I'm  glad I bought it.  The drivers are more stable than anything NVIDIA can  code and the image quality is quite excellent.  3dfx recommends that you  have a Pentium II 266MHz system as the minimum with an available AGP slot.  Even with Voodoo 4 and 5 on the horizon the 3500 is a dynamite card that's  guaranteed last for quite some to come.
7334	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Brilliant value product
2476	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	useful charger

1077	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it works perfectly on my transformer prime tablet with no issues or no setup required.  I just plugged it in to the micro sd slot and turned on my transformer and it saw it right away.
1743	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works great and it came just on time.
415	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Strong, E A S Y to install, fits any flat screen bolt configuration and they give you at least 15 different screws so no hunting through the hardware section at LOWES!
The suvivors believe there is fallout from the attack and that they are the only survivors so they stay hidden for 3 years until they are too low on supplies to survive. They come out of their shelter to find that are surrounded by vicious shifter animals that will shred them to pieces if caught.
4747	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely the best cure for older CD players!
One last item-- Do you think a  16MB memory card will be too small for your needs?  Olympus, through their  website, is offering an inexpensive upgrade through the end of December  that will allow the camera to use the new 32MB memory cards.
587	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Holds the TV fine and the articulation is great.  We use it in a downstairs bedroom where we can move it to be seen from the bed or the treadmill.  Has cable mgmt as well.
2000	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good for someone already familiar with the D300....not a product to pick up and try to understand how the camera works.


The picture quality is great.  The flash,  however, should only be used up to 10' - any further and your pictures come  out too dark.  Nikon USA has a web page with the latest firmware available  for download - which I recommend.
I'm very pleased because I really like good function at a great price, and this cover is just that.
As a teenager, I enjoyed many novels of the occult. Books by Dennis Wheatley come to mind as representative favorites of my youth, though such pretty much never transit my bookshelf now. However, I recall that the sale of one's soul to the devil is a standard concept of the genre, so nothing in the first three-quarters of NIGHTFALL promised to elevate this thriller above three, perhaps four, stars. That is, until the last couple of chapters, when Nightingale's special talents as a hostage negotiator delivered the book into five-star range with a riveting conclusion.
4704	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been recording on Audio Cassettes for several years now.  There is something in music that doesn't digitize right, something is edited out.  I don't have a term for it, but I can hear it and feel it.  The music from a Cassette is more alive and vibrant.  Maxell XLII are the best tapes I've found.
8702	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I received these in perfect condition. They are used with a mini-cassette recorder. I have trouble with good sound from the cassette recorder, so I don't know if I have the correct type of cassettes or the recorder is of poor quality.
Worked good for a few weeks, but the plastic was too soft to hold, and it ended up breaking through. In the end, I'm just going to use the unit at home, but while it was still portable, it was really nice. I'm giving it a 4/5 because for what it's supposed to do, it works great.
4020	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Easy to use.

8953	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used this to hook up wired router for 2nd computer.  It is a quality product.
3029	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wont write a Novel here on a CD/DVD RW Burner. My Internal Drive on my PC busted and I was just looking for something to Burn Music and Movies with. So....I did some research, read some reviews and combine that with the Price...this Baby does the trick ! It's Not super fast by any means...but its Not Turtle Speed either. So if you are in the Hunt for a basic, every day Burner and Not looking to drop a Boat Load of Cash....then I would definitely Reco this Unit.
LABELED AS TO CONTENT.  PRINTED AND PLACED THE MODEL AND SERIAL NUMBERS OF MY COMPUTERS, PRINTERS AND EXTERNAL HDD'S WHERE THEY CAN BE EASILY SEEN.  EVERY PRINTER HAS A DIFFERENT PLACEMENT FOR LAY OUT TO BE COPIED. THIS INFOIS LABELED ON THE FRONT OF THE PAPER DRAWER. ALL SEVEN OF MY TWO DRAWERFILLING CABINETS ARE LABELED WITH THESE LABELS
9387	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Served the purpose.
3511	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job. With this, I am able to essentially double the hard drive space of my surface pro 2! I couldn't be more pleased.
4729	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with purchase.

2426	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great buy!  Works great at an amazing price.
9800	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Pricey, but the print holds well, even outdoors in a New England winter. also the cement is durable. Easy to use.
7265	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Instant & Accurate
8031	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like that I can get colors so I know who's plug is whose. works as it should and looks good
9056	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
192	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It came on time which I love! I thought it would be set up like my other one but it's not and that's cool to! I really like the set up.
So the bottom-line here is buyer beware.  If you're into frustration, then this is the device for you.  If not, I would certainly look elsewhere for an inexpensive print server.
9892	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I read a lot of reviews and watched a few YouTube videos about this radio before purchasing one. I took both the good and bad with a grain of salt. I didn't expect the GREATEST CB RADIO EVER but I wasn't wanting a piece of junk either. I can say I am more than happy with this little CB. Using the rechargeable battery pack and the rubber ducky antenna, I can get a mile or two for range on a good day. Using the magnetic antenna I mounted on my truck and the power adapter for the cig lighter, I can get a good 4 or 5 miles. Truckers come in clear and they all say I'm broadcasting clearly as well. I do have to turn the squelch knob up a ways in town but I can turn it back down quite a bit on the interstate. The build quality seems sturdy and I have had no issues with the power adapter staying plugged in which is contrary to some reviews. More than happy with this purchase!
1262	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great and simple eBook reader. It's light enough that I can hold it in one hand when reading, it's small enough that it's easy to take with me, the battery life is long enough that I forgot where I put the charger, and the screen lets me read for hours on end without eye strain. It does one thing and does it well. Get a tablet computer (I am partial to the Toshiba Thrive) if you want to play games, do email, browse the web, do video conferencing, etc.
1518	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked in my Nook, however I had to put it in my pc to format it before I could get it to work.
According to design my answer is no.  The third-generation Amazon Kindle is lighter, thinner, and simply feels a little better to hold in your hand. It also offers double the battery life, more internal memory (4GB versus 2GB). But the new upgrades has given some new features to nook that are not available in kindle. Nook should definitely remain under consideration when you're shopping for e-ink e-book readers. The decision may come down to a personal preference, such as how you feel about the color navigation screen versus the hard keyboard found on the Kindle.

9966	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great deal and bought with discount from Amazon warehouse, think return or damaged box, but contents were interact. You won't get as much options and with many versatile con for figurations at such a price. Of course, invest in a good antenna, more important than cb itself

1909	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Protects the nook very well and for a great price.
241	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent!
7799	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just as expected - Could care less about color, but the cables are quality and hold up well.
575	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Took a bit of work, but used this to fit an older vizio 32" monitor to the wall to use as a compute monitor. Stable and like the ability to move the tv to different angles. The vizio was older and did not have the standard holes, this product fit and holds the tv very stable.
9279	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, it does what its suppose to do.
2496	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
7331	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Maxell manufactures excellent 90 minute cassette tapes for all purpose general recording. As long as you have the right kind of equipment, these tapes record the sounds of record albums, radio shows, CD-Rs, people talking and more. These tapes have 90 minutes worth of blank recording tapes on them so there are 45 blank minutes for recording on each side. The features of this tape, as one reviewer correctly notes, make it good for recording lectures and music using standard, less expensive home stereo equipment. The tape playback will work well in any basic tape deck including the one in your car.
4619	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this product was wonderful,i have cd player in my basement which quit playing cd and i used it once and thsat is all it took the lens was clean and have not had any troubles since
7355	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable is NOT available in any store in our area so BIG thanks to Amazon for making unusual items like this readily available to everyone everywhere. Keyboard cables are too short and this was exactly what I wanted. Being tipical Belkin quality is obvious immediately & it works perfect. Does not have that flatspot to plug into tower like the keyboard does so I marked the missing pin space with a majic marker on the cord to make finding the proper alignment easy to find when you want to plug it in again.
3089	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just got my mini mic and my Chill Pill Rapcap in the mail today.
8155	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Some days it is better to just buy a good cable like this instead of putting your own ends on a bulk cable. Very reasonably priced and a quality product.
This 6ft. cord took all the strain off the connectors, kept the mouse on the pullout and kitty found much better toys to play with!!
Anytime I have had any problem, a simple re-boot fixes it.


6340	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Patch cord was well constructed. Perfect in patch panels and in home networks. Rubber coating looks to be very durable.
1731	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed this iClicker for a college class and it works just like its suppose to. I've used it for a couple different classes now too and I haven't had any problems with it at all. After a year I've only had to change the batteries once since the batteries it comes with are a cheap off-brand set,  of course. There's a newer version of the iClicker that has a little screen on it but they both do the same exact thing, so if you're trying to save some money you'll be fine with just going with this one. Its only a few dollars cheaper than the same version found on the iClicker website but I also got free shipping so I figured to just get it from Amazon. Don't worry about it being fake or a knockoff, its a genuine iClicker product, and you just have to register it on the website to begin using it.

3246	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I don't know what I was thinking buying this piece of junk.  I guess you get what you pay for.  Invest in quality and stay away from this thing.  Seriously.
Pros
4050	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	AWESOME SAUCE.  Running a 3000 lumen 1080p 3D projector with no degradation.  LOVE the ability to have source and projector apart
4841	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this product to clean the lens in my truck cd player and also laptop. Folled simple directions and it didn't work, disappointed, have to look for an alternative lens cleaner.


8291	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was looking to buy binoculars for my husband but didn't want to spend a lot of money. These are great for the price. The viewing quality is really clear and they're not too heavy to carry.
5929	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good cables just what the doctor ordered
3804	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this AC charger for my GPS so that I could charge it in the house when I get home from a trip instead of leaving it in the car to charge.  I would recomend this to anyone.

1164	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. I love the e-ink screen, its so much easier to read on than my ipad.

5599	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	As others have noted, there is only a small amount of velcro to hold.
What I like:
4478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great quality at a little price!
Robert C. Ross
2270	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	bought these for a photo shoot...
Be sure computer already can print to printer when connected with cable, so you know your computer has the right printer drivers installed.
4824	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Fouled inside one of my VCRs. Definitely not a quality product.
Overall, I've not saved any money whatsoever buying this thing, and I've bough NOTHING but hassle. I will never, ever again buy anything from this Yamakasi. Absolutely, positively nothing, ever.

4434	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There's nothing at all wrong with these tapes.  If you're still using a VCR, you better stock up on these while you can, as one day very soon you won't find them anyplace.  Yes, I was afraid to order due to not knowing if they became brittle/old stored in the warehouse (BTW, I ordered mine direct from Amazon, not a third party seller).
7771	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got it cheap just cause it was "pink".  You will not be disappointed.
7096	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A good quality cable at a reasonable price.  Works as advertised.
1804	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great reading...I didn't want to put it down.
6183	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Dont waste the money.
6272	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item as described and works very well.
3520	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
8537	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	THANKS
8048	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Fast Ethernet cable built to last.  Bought this as an extra cable in case I needed it.  Works like a charm and is a great asset to have.  You can never have too many cables.
-Lots of Free Classic Books and Classic Books available for 99 cents
It has been dropped dozens of times



4159	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very good purchase on a reliable product! I needed a little more memory for my cell phone, it was the size I wanted for an excellent price! Definitely would recommend!

Plug the USB cable into the print server, and plug in the print server.
With a little research I was able to find out how to root my Nook Touch (voids your warranty). Now when I turn on the Nook, it gives me a dual boot screen (sort of). I can go to the Android desktop or the the Nook screen. Using the Android desktop which included the Android market I downloaded the Kindle reading app. I ran that app, logged into my Kindle account and now have all my Kindle book available on my Nook Touch. The only thing missing is text to speech but I didn't use that feature anyway. Yes it has a web browser, email and all the other Android apps available but most look pretty drab on a monochrome device. That isn't why I did this. I wanted a device to read my Nook Books and Kindle books.
691	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This mount is excellent. It is very well built and sturdy. I used it to mount a 32" TV and it fit the need perfectly. The price was also very good and much, much cheaper than what an inferior mount would cost in a retail store. I would definitely recommend.
6520	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It does what it's meant to do.  I only wish it were a bit shorter.  Been using it for two years with no problems.
7347	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I needed to work on an old computer and needed more PS2 link.  Works as expected as an extension cable.
Installation isn't too bad. But you do need 2 people for this.
2581	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This meets the need but is a pain in the butt - I would have been more serious without this stupid minimum.

6069	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.  Us it to connect the All-in-one printer as a fax to the telephone jack.
444	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent service, I am very pleased.


Fortunately you can read this delightful adventure by daylight or lamplight, unlike the magical Book of Dreams that holds the bones of the main story and can only be read by starlight.  Marlowe is a first rate storyteller who intertwines adventure and fantasy with thought provoking revelations. Sprinkled judiciously throughout the book are brief supporting stories which will equally delight and enlighten.
1841	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent.
Don't wast your money.
848	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product!
* 215 grams
7198	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought it on sale.  Cheapest I found, no problems.
4882	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Will not work in Wii u and some blue ray players. Works on both ps3 and ps4. I live in el Paso, so I run this in both of the PlayStation s every month, and so far so good.
4201	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great! So happy to have the extra bit of storage space.  I wasn't really sure how much use I would get out of this, so I just got the 4 GB card.  For the price, if I really need more space, I could just get a bigger one and use this for something else.  But, so far, it's been plenty of space for me.  I'm not storing a lot on my phone, so I don't think I'll need to upgrade.
From here, I did choose my printer, but it would not print. Instead, I removed the printer. Added a new printer via IP address I had already set, and choose to keep the same driver I was using for that device before. Then the prints worked fine.
Not a Sparrow Falls could not have been a better choice.  It is the type of book that reminds a person why they started reading Christian fiction books to begin with.  Linda Nichols touched on a variety of topics highly relevant in today's society including meth addiction, child abuse, and depression.
528	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very sturdy. The arm is very stiff at first so you have to work it lose.  However, the mount works great, just make sure you get that stud just right. I was impressed with the quality and happy with the price.
*******************************
9342	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect

12	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Synopsis:
9400	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great in our label maker. doesn't get stuck, feeds nicely and we can print off lots of labels with it.


7957	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work! what else can I say?
It hasn't  choked like the last one I bought

I use it with my Ultrabook (no internal drive) and I have had no idssues.
As such, it deserves to be the first Amazon Vine book I've awarded four stars. The story is formulaic and familiar enough, but that's not a bad thing. For mystery and suspense buffs, *Bad Traffic* offers a solid road to travel.
The Rio 500 has the ability to store up to 4+ hours of quality audio with the Rio's built in 64megs or an hour of high quality music. Adding an additional 64 megs doubles that capacity and will allow you also listen to 2+ hours of music at other times.
7060	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What else can I say? it works and its worth the money. I trust Belkin, they make great products
It looks shaky for 55 inch TV. However, it still holds it.
9644	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No issues.
7698	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It worked.  What more can one expect from a cable.

The reason for the relatively low rating is that all of these features and functionality should have been unlocked by default. The default software that comes with it feels unfinished and lacking in features to me, and it seems like B&N were just being lazy when putting it together. Rooting it is also a pain, and even though there are some rough edges in a fully unlocked android OS on an eink interface, I still think that it is better than the default software. I would rate this as 4/5 if it came unlocked by default.
4309	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	do you need to charge your phone? so you need to transfer data? then boy oh boy this cable does that.
???
7934	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good patch cable
741	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quality was excellent. Instructions were clear. It was not clear about a tilt feature, but there was enough to level it when I finished. Be careful to get the wall bracket real vertical. (I was using it for a 23 inch computer screen so I really need it to be level for reading.) Everything I needed plus lots of extra hardware for different situations.
This book is fun, and very clear.
1927	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very  bright, does the job!
1086	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	What can I say... For one I'm kicking myself for not buying this card when best buy had it for $99...  Well since we got that out of the way... well I just got an email from the seller asking me to review this expensive card, so I say what the heck, might as well do it.  I will be uploading a pic of the of the SDcard test I did.
- It works with a 25ft high quality HDMI cable so you can put the NOOK across the room with you. Not tested with cheap cables.
Controls are for the most part intuitive and easy to access and use. Case has a well thought out design and is well constructed. Able to quickly enlarge font, margins, and line spacing to get an exceptionally readable presentation of the free book included with it.

1667	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	From Amazon Vine's description, I had no idea that this was the first of a trilogy featuring ex-cop and now PI, Jack Nightingale.  Or that it had actually been published in the UK a couple of years ago, or that the second and final novels were also out in the UK (but not available through Amazon in the US).  But no matter, Nightfall was exactly as advertised  - the story of how Jack discovers that his father had sold his unborn son's soul to a devil who would come and collect on his 33rd birthday.  Naturally,  Jack is not happy about this and does his best to stop this from happening as (almost) all his friends and family are dropping like flies all around him in the days leading up to his 33rd.
235	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The final story at the end was just lacking. The woman works so hard making everyone else's dreams come true and then her story was just flat. I really like the picture on the front cover, though.
7118	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased an inexpensive webcam, which came with a 8-inches long USB cord. Obviously whoever manufactured it intended the cord to reach from the PC monitor/LCD to the back of the computer, and nothing more. This was unacceptable.<P>
Bottom line - this is a fast and easy alternative to a wireless network for an entertainment center or remote location in your house.
329	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works great.
After the second use the picture quality was better than everything we had encoded prior.
1203	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	was given as a gift, she loves it and has given her many hours of pleasure, reading lots of books.
356	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was very happy with this mount for my situation. I mounted a 50" Vizio to it that is about 35 lbs. No issues at all with the weight and it moves easily just as I needed.
968	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping and product was as advertised  5 stars, thanks!

8498	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It was nice finally having a VGA extension around, but I had one minor issue with this particular extension.. It's kind of hard to explain, but the picture projection had a little issue with keeping the right resolution. It didn't mess with it too much, but in the end, it got the job done. This is going to be probably the first product I give 3 stars or higher and not recommend to a buyer. I mean, for me, it got the job done and did what it was advertised to do, but for the price and the actual quality in the chord, I don't think it would be a good idea to go this cheap. Just spend a little extra to get that much better quality chord and leave this alone. In any case, it was a decent buy and I wouldn't buy it again, but it did its job, so no point in giving it a bad review. 4/5
Fast Shipping!
3047	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This has worked well for me so far. I was a little worried about the front piece being loose, but I think that's just the way it is made because it works great! And it was a good price. I just had to figure out how to get my laptop to notice the new drive, which I did by looking it up online so overall great product, unless something goes wrong in the future. If it does I will say something.
126	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I would like to say this product works just fine, but I'm not 100% sure. Purchased this to replace the 1st Gen Nook charger for an equally old (surprise) 1st Gen Nook. The Nook itself required a battery replacement as the original had somehow become swollen and useless. So I swapped out the battery and used this to charge the Nook, which seemed to work as the screen went blank after being stuck on the "low charge" display. Unfortunately, the Nook didn't seem to hold a charge anymore. Or something else went wrong.
6037	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this repair kit so I could watch a rental movie.  It had quite a few scratches and was skipping during the early parts.  After I was done, I had even more scratches and the movie skipped in the exact spot it did before.
2288	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	My kids hate this product, Headset is not adjustable. When wearing it creates a lot of pressure against the ear, I got a kid crying after 5 mins of use. I guess i got what I paid for....
B) The power cord is also part of the antenna, so its location and position can be adjusted to improve reception. I used little plastic wire ties to afix the cord to speaker stands. The cord runs straight down like a verticle antenna.
8152	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Prompt delivery, great cables. I added powerline broadband via my powerlines throughout my house and used these cables to go from the untis that have four connectors to my devices and end points, it rocks, I get over 50 mb in my power plugs now, bitchin
4312	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly
Apparently Barnes & Noble is worse than Apple at remotely disabling Nooks they deemed rooted by end users. You have less control of this thing than you would your TV.
3720	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and functions perfectly well.
7653	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you're trying to manage several power cords, this thing is a wonder. It keeps things looking neat, it's cute and colorful and more importantly, it does the job. I'd definitely buy again and would recommend this product.
I use these to officiate at athletic events and communicate with other officials. I have done 400 to 500 events that take hours at a time. Sometimes I will do as many as 9 games in a weekend. I have found that ear buds, or ear pieces that hang off you ear can be extremely uncomfortable after hours of use. I never have that problem with these. So I actual buy the radios that match these headsets, instead of getting headsets to match the radio. I also like pushing a button on the radio to talk with these, rather than having to find a microphone on my collar and lifting it to speak. That leaves one hand free to make notes while speaking.
5405	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Pros:
- Install printer drivers after connecting printers, one at time, directly to the computer's parallel port and adding printers as local. This will allow Windows to detect new hardware and properly install the drivers.
Cons: though it seems a bit silly  to complain that a $50 set of speakers offers less than perfect sound  reproduction -- heck, I've spent far more than that on speaker wire -- the  "subwoofer" in this set is not really a subwoofer at all.  It's a  woofer, and exhibits a rather uneven frequency response.  Still, the sound  is fine for games and most Internet music content.
7652	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	smart looking, very functional for all the transformer type plugs on electronics these days.  Highly recommend
4786	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly as described!
3707	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It worked great....A++++
740	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was hesitant because of the price but after looking at the reviews I decided to go ahead and purchase one. This is the first time I mounted a TV on the wall so I didn't know exactly what to expect. I put a 32" Toshiba LCD on it. Mount is strudy and has good adjustments. Installed it in about 20 minutes. Works great and I would definately recommend this for a low cost alternative for mounting a tv.
6754	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I always need to have these around to clean dvd and cd's. I rent alot of movies and they are full of finger prints, my blu-ray player will not play a disc if it is to dirty. These are great.
p.s.  to clarify, my review is for the *GE* version, not the RCA version, which is still big, ugly, and poorly made - and also has terrible performance. The GE version works well, the RCA does not
8430	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well built good sound worth the price, can be used for short and long range applications, multiple plugs makes it versatile.
6039	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This product repaired a completely useless, out-of-print CD-ROM that I desperately needed.  It was worth the price just for that.  I was also able to repair a favorite music CD.  I'm now tapping my foot to "I Can't  Wait."
The installation of the software went smooth.  I found an update, and installed that as well with no problems.  Then I started trying to rip and found that the included software was hardly stable.  I was running on Windows NT, which seemed to be supported by the manufacturer, but with some caveats.  I would start ripping and the software would crash.  I would try to transfer to the device and the software would crash.  I would complete a transfer to the device after several tries only to find that one or more songs didn't actually make it.  Bottom line - the connectivity for this device was pathetic.
30	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Came on time, fair price, and comparatively easy to set up. TWC took the old one and would not return it, and their "replacement" clicker is useless. This works fine!
The quality of the scans aren't great. In some cases there are water stains or scribbles on the pages. It's possible that was the best they had, since let's face it I doubt Hugh Hefner and company were thinking of posterity early on in the magazine's run. Printing in particularly is pretty disappointing. At the very least it would have been nice to include the option to read transcribed text like Zinio and other software offers. That said, on a computer screen everything should be fairly readable.

  These are tops. Gold plated connectors, Snag free ends, that protect that little lock in tab on the ends. You know the frustration of unsnarling a phone wire, out of a wiring mess, and the little tab bends over backwards, never to work properly again. Well Belkin built twin arches over the sides to prevent just that. Way to go. Highly recommended, good stuff, for a good price.
Pros:
2998	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Miss advertised, does not read CD's nor do they burn them . OK  if you want a plain old dvd burner but that is it.
5461	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good buy for the price. Works great!
I initially was scared to mount it (what if it falls if I screw up!!!) but its pretty easy. Not only did i use a stud finder to get the general location of the stud, but i also used nails to get the actual edges (those basic studfinders are never "exact"). make sure you do the same.
Rye Crenshaw has cut ties with his family, except for his little sister, Amelia Ann. Now his sister, Tammy, has come to him on his tour to ask him to come home as his Father, who had a heart attack, wants to talk to him.  Although he really sees no use, he heads home but takes his chef, Tory home with him.  He doesnt need her as a chef as much as a friend to help him get through with this visit.  He also doesnt want any publicity over this visit.
Update: Customer service didn't help. Took it to Barnes & Nooble Store but the battery had drained in less then a week so they couldn't look at it. I figured if the battery can't hold a charge for that long than I didn't want the device. The seller agreed to take it back for a restocking fee and I had to pay for shipping. This thing cost me time and money, a bad experience all  around. I'll never buy a B & N product again, certainly not from a third party seller.  I've ordered a Sony reader directly from Sony. Hopefully I'll have better luck
7442	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This GPS has been mounted on the dash of my Explorer for well over a year.  Being my first GPS this one has always been my favorite, but the small  amount of RAM is a bit of a problem for me these days. I typically use the  MAPs from the ROM, but I also have several regions loaded from Garmin's  Roads and Recreation CD--though not as many as I'd actually like. The  features on this unit are great and the screen is very visible. With the  bean bag mount, you can position the screen for the available lighting  without any trouble. If you're thinking of taking this hiking, I would  recommend the eMAP (8 Meg of RAM) or the ETrex Summit (better outdoor  features). For heads up vehicle navigation, the GPS III is the best choice.
133	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what the Nook Simple Touch ordered, bewarned though this is what you get just the plug no USB cable so if you need that also it'll be another purchase, appears to charge fine only had to use it a few times so it's still like brand new.

5377	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what we needed.
9352	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well worth the price
5310	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you like to listen to AM talk radion, sports or news this radio is unbeatable.  I have the Sony ICF SW7600GR and the AM section can't hold a candle to the Superadio III.
7519	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Had it for about a week now, seems to work just fine! No problem for me.
5819	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This cleaner does what it's supposed to do. My problem is that I really have to play with the thing to get it to shift from one track to the other such as from the instruction track (#1) to the cleaning track (#3). It should have been made to shift automatically and not have to shift manually. I won't buy another one of these.
7002	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This cable is advertised as having "480 Mbps transmission speed" which is false. On the packaging it says only 12 Mbps, meaning this is NOT a USB 2.0 cable. Be careful! I would have left one star but thankfully Amazon let me return the cable without any hassle.
9335	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love that I can have clear labels. On some items you just need clear. Good quality.

5189	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This extension requires one of the following Wireless Phone Jack Systems: RCA RC 926, GE GE926 or D916.  (per packaging).  It does NOT work with the RCA RC 930, which Amazon is bundling with it.  Don't buy it with the RC 930!
1363	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love nooks. Kindle fire is OK, but nooks are easy to root and install cyanogen mod foe a full android experience.
1156	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I realise that B&N are getting rid of their own Nooks and are passing the baton to Samsung, so these older Nooks are being sold off very cheaply. I particularly like that it will take a uSD card on which I have many other e-books and pdf books, which can be read with the Nook. Apart from that, it works well, has a good screen, although probably without all the latest bells and whistles. I bought this to replace a very slow 1st generation e-book reader whose e-ink screen is not nearly as good as that on the Nook.
267	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	"My MacBook," is a good book for reference after your telephone support is gone and you need to read about "how to's" and have the computer in front of you. My husband has a very hard time reading from the Apple support page and then coming back to his machine to actually do what it said. With this book he can have the instructions right there.  This book is designed for basic Mac skills. I would have liked to se a few more intermediate skills in it.
Overall a great purchase, I'd buy it again.
4830	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cleaner tape contains a small bottle of cleaner fluid in a compartment on the tape itself. Pour a few drops of the fluid into a yellow plastic hole on the top of the cleaner tape and then run it through the vcr and it will automatically stop when finished.  I didn't think the fluid got the paper tape wet enough frankly but you can use as much as you need I suppose.  This is really a must have for anyone that still uses a vcr because it's so cumbersome to try to clean the head with other objects.
9496	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price, fast shipping!
It's the perfect size, hangs nicely on the back of the arm rest for easy access and is easy to empty. Not too big, or too small. Perfect size for emptying at each gas-up.
2182	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A bit bulky but otherwise good.
4973	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed my old VHS player to work to transfer videos to .MP4 files. This did the trick! Thank you.
1600	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I'm a fan of the exotic. I like to be surprised, to be kept off balance by strange and different things. I really enjoy John Burdett's "Bangkok" series and this bore some similarities, so I gave it a shot. I wasn't disappointed.
1356	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This thing has been through so much. Closed in doors, thrown across the room, been the object of desire in a toddler tug of war and it still keep working. It i just fantastic! To any one complaining that he app store for barns and noble is too small I say just sideload google play with the root kit. It is easy and doecker skills to do.

706	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect... This works great.  I went to Costco to see how much the wall mounts were there, I found it for around $180. I figured why not check on amazon, I found it there for $25.  It came on time, Exactly what I ordered it is not plastic its metal strong. Even though I only put a 24 inch TV on it I would be perfectly confident putting any size TV on it. I love it!!!
5311	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	That's right - excellent AM radio. Good for news and talk radio, good for music of the 70's also, a true re-production of the 70's impression. :-) For AM programming, this is my choice. However, for FM and concert music, I go with Trevolie Model One, it's simply amazing and inspiring. And for an all around portable radio, the Grundig S350 is my choice, it is much more refined and functional. All three are keeper in my book. In my search of a portable radio, I bought all three within two month time frame and am very happy with the flexibility and quality I get.
3846	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is not thin and light.  You can put it in your camera bag, so it is very portable.
Awesome memory. Highly recommended
7033	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed a USB extension cable for a KVM that I purchased.  Always had good luck with Belkin products and this one didn't disappoint.
6712	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Although it did seem to power up the wheel, it was not recognized at all by XP (I understand this, as the wheel is not plug and play) but the installation of many different drivers and software did not help. Threw it and the wheel away. Getting a new USB wheel for xmas, I hope.
7417	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Why would anyone want to buy an mp3 player? I almost did, and I'm glad I didn't! I got the Sharp 722 and it is totally kool! This thing looks like a nuclear reactor, but not even that could make this baby skip. I droped this on the cement while I was walkin home from school and it didn't skip once!  The sound is almost exactly the same as what you recorded it from, and I've  played in a band fro 5 years, so I can really hear it. You can even hook  the thing up to a mic, and make your bands ( or whatever) recordings! And  Sharp gives you everything you need! Much more than other MD. You get a  rechargeable battery that basically lasts 4ever, and then if it does run  out, You can plug your MD into a wall jack, or if you still want to go,  Sharp included a little screw in thing so that the MD opperates on 1 AAA  battery!  The sound is supurb, and the best thing is, for a $3 cord at  Radio Shack, and a couple of Mini Disks, you can save hundreds on CD's. All  you have to do is connect your MD to your computer and download free mp3's  on to it! Why buy an mp3 player when you can have this for about 1/100 the  cost for the music? Sharp also includes a cord so you can record off your  VCR, your TV, and I even recorded the remix to Magic Carpet Ride on my  Triple Play 2001 Playstation game! Yep, hooked it right up to it! Now, that  I have one, everyone else wants it. So get on the band wagon, the more  people to get on, the faster prices will lower!  Email me with any  questions about the player, I'll answer them all.
8818	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	If the cord was 1 foot longer, 5 stars.  I don't get it.  Is someone saving 2 cents for every one of these?  Or..  make the earpiece cord shorter and the thicker part longer.  Would have been great if it came with a removable ear clip/wire but not really complaining about that.  Maybe a future feature.  Then again, if they can't make the cord 1 foot longer, I wouldn't expect any other luxuries.  Functionally seems fine.
6000	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I use this amout once a month to brush dust of the laser head. Works really well
I suppose this item might deserve 5-stars - but, by necessity and function, it's not every attractive. Not really Kensington's fault on that.  But something ingenious would earn a 5th star :)

7638	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great product, good price, works perfectly.


7222	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am very pleased with this Kreg clamp table.  I would be happy to spend more for a larger size, say 3'x 5'.  Sturdy and square it offers a great 'tool' for clamping and assembling my projects.

1212	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is my 1st reader so I can't compare.  I like the sharpness of the letters.  It makes for easy reading.  In conjunction with calibre this is really easy to use.
What I found was $10+ elsewhere, this is the best buy.
8115	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a CAT 5 cable, you use it for networking. There isn't much to say besides that I suppose, but it's very good for the low price.
Now don't misunderstand me to be saying the case should be designed for right-handed people. I'm saying it should be designed so that you can mount the palm from either side so that both right- and left-handed people can use it comfortably. The current design is better for southpaws. I guess there's some sort of poetic justice there.
6359	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This 6ft extension hasn't giving me any issues with connectivity.
The cord is plenty long, and can be disconnected in the middle to link to an optional Sony wired remote control.  An adapter to convert the standard 1/8th inch stereo jack to the dual 1/8th inch jacks in many airplane seats is included.
Oh, there is one last good point, this mouse is  fast. It certainly beats the old Microsoft Trackball and regular mice as  well. You can zip around the desktop or seriously frag the others in 1st  person shooters. Not quite USB but above the rest.
9684	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality
Even after installing the driver that came with the item.... no action.
3222	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	For what it is, it works.  BUT not all USB mice will work on a PS2 port.  Didn't realize this until after I had bought these.  And it turns out that most USB mice that can work on a PS2 port, already came with an adapter like this, so probably the only reason to buy one of these is if you have lost the one that came with the mouse originally.
So, in total, if you are looking for a large format - high pixel density format, AND you're on a budget, then you can't really go wrong with this one.

7274	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Beautiful to look at. Solid construction. A little challenging to get it level using the provided chains (the trick is to twist or untwist one of the chains till it's level). Way better than lighting at the big box stores.
3738	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great experience!
5211	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I am finishing my dissertation.. and I recorded interviews with a handheld and I have been using this tape player from a friend.. and for playback it rocks. i was using a transcriber with footpedal and I never thought I would use a tape player. but the shoebox design makes it okay but more importantly I can hear so much more on this tape player than I could on the transcribers. For transcribing it does have a pretty big backspace (ie.. when I hit return for a second, it really rewinds)but  I think it has great sound.  My only advice - don't do interviews at Starbucks! :)


Mine was a good buy. :) yay
However when I received this, I was running Leopard, not Snow Leopard.  This is not so much about using a MacBook on any platform, but rather using a MacBook running Snow Leopard.

8649	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
7395	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	thank you just what i wanted
2856	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got it as advertised, installed it, and (after removing the non-RW drive), it didn't even need a driver.  Cranked right up.  Great!!
233	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This book I gave to my mother before Christmas. She absolutely loves it and I am currently in search of more books by Heidi Betts.
8915	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin cables always the best
7006	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing fancy here. I ordered two of these 10 foot usb extenders and they do exactly that, extend my usb devices. Awesome.
7004	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked great for me. Connects my laptop to a USB hub that i have set up close to my couch so I can use my TV as a giant monitor.


2676	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Just stopped working after light phone charging use of only 2 months.  No replaceable fuses or anything, so there was nothing that could be done.


2417	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
2625	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	When I plug this in to charge my iPad 2, it functions for about 5 minutes. Then it starts to cycle off and on. The longer it runs, the faster the cycling becomes. When the iPad gets above 80% charge, it stops cycling. I suspect the current draw from an iPad is too great and the unit heats up, causing some protective device to shut it off until it cools down. Then it comes back on. If I take it out, it is quite warm.
8423	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We use these between me and my wife to help me back into stalls with our 40' r.v. it's so nice not to have to use your hands. Alot of places we camp don't have cell service so the radios are very important. And this headset makes life alot easier. I drive semi so I knew larger headsets actually are alot better than a ear piece type. These are very comfortable to wear compared to ear piece style in my case.
9329	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Label
9743	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect
I did not have problems in the first 3 situations; they worked no matter where they were plugged in.  I tested every combination I could think of.  However, the instructions say that it may not work in the above situations, so it would be prudent not to count on it working.  With the power strips I had luck with one but not another.  I suspect the strip that did work was less robust with surge protection/etc.
9139	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does a good job
I hate to pass on higher quality and probably longer lasting, but this Moleskin cover was just too tiring for me.
6278	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice set of wires, i love my purchase. better then the ones you buy in 99c. stores. i bought 5 of them.

6846	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Really great cable if you need to use a USB device that is a distance away from the PC.  I was using this for a USB Cell Modem and it worked flawlessly.  We are now using this cable for attaching other devices and it is working great.
4314	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great value
8509	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
183	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast service and very happy
8223	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this hub to connect the computers in my home so they could share a cable modem. I looked at a lot of 10Base-T hubs, and found this one to be among the least expensive with the best satisfaction ratings. I am especially impressed with the hub's small size and metal case -- other hubs are larger and have plastic cases.
Anyway the product is OK. The only problem for me is a very short wire, that's why I gave it 4 stars.
  [EthernetDevice]---EthernetCable---[Powerline]-[AcOutlet]-[Powerline]---EthernetCable---[AccessPoint]
This odor absorber is larger than I expected, which was a nice surprise (it's about 6.25" x 6"). It also has a small metal circle in one of the corners so that you can hang it if you want to. According to the information on the front of the product, you can lay it out in the sun for a few hours to "recharge," which I'm assuming is to dry it out since it apparently also absorb moisture in addition to odors.
3231	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. I needed to install a second hard drive in my HTPC and my Pico PSU only had 1 Sata Power Cable and 1 Molex Cable.
8190	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Network Cable. It looks reliable and made of good quality plastic.
Worst of all, they hard-wire everything.  On the Creative labs system, the computer connects to the subwoofer which connects via standard speaker cable to the satellites.  Wonderful and simple design!!  The Altec Lansings have wires of non-standard configuration hard-wired into the left speaker and chincy speaker wire that is hard-wired between the speakers (Maybe if you rip them apart and splice wires you could expand it, but do you want to?).
5576	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Rarely do you find such a good deal on such a typically overpriced commodity. Why should a simple cable that's used by billions of people be so unreasonably expense usually? Well, the answer is because they can get away from it. In this case I felt like I paid what I should pay. Good price and the product was everything I needed. Shippiing was pretty darned fast too. Recommended
1969	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is great with my portable music stand. Very bright and lights the whole page. It keeps it shape well too.

3260	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great!
*****************************************************************************
6600	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I set up my old computer in the back bedroom for guests and when I plugged it into this device, it went right into the internet without a cable. It works great! I'm going to buy a couple more for other devices in the house.
3369	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is very handy and it charges two things at once easily. I usually charge my laptop and iPod touch in this at the same time and have not had problems with it so far. It also has all of its individual parts for the various plugs it is capable of fitting in all contained within itself, which is very handy because you don't have to remember where you put the EU plug or the US plug, etc!
8003	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Hard to rate this kind of an items as there are hundreds of them that do the same thing. This works, the clamps are a little awkward.
3238	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They fit and worked and I am satisfied with the product

5409	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use my cell phone for long phone calls while at home. I needed a comfortable clear headset that was not BlueTooth. This headset works great with my Samsung cell phone (via a 2.5mm Female to 3.5mm Male Headset Adaptor).
5318	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I was going on a business trip, and didn't have time to get these in through Amazon.  I had a previous version that went bad after four years, so I bought another pair (through Walmart).
5934	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	the shower head is perfect.  we are selling our home but needed an upgrade to the shower.  this was the perfect solution.  I really like the looks.
I'm knocking off a star because the cord is very tightly coiled and resists being pulled out to longer lengths quite fiercely. The intent of this microphone is that it be clipped to a pocket or lapel while the radio rides on the belt, so the springiness of the wire may be a design ideal for that use.
6268	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use adapter that you can connect to your white iPhone cord to extend its length.  Plug one end into the white square unit that goes into the wall outlet, and plug the other end into the white USB cord.  You still use the white cord to plug into your iPhone.
Tapes are becoming obsolete so I think people need to
4662	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice to have for either an old player or better yet a new one if you find one that isn't overly priced.  I suggest using it every estimated 24 hours of playing those really old tapes or when you notice sound or video issues that weren't there before.  I got this but it arrived a couple days later than expected but that was not because of the seller.  Luckily it was no big deal.  And that carrier was USPS.  Not my favorite way of delivery but things happen.
5372	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a good headset, good clarity, comfortable.
7909	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Quick deliver and product as described.  Very pleased
I purchased this bowl as a set with a smaller one at Crate and Barrel in the '90s (I think!)It is my go-to container for pot-lucks, and is a wonderful size for large family dinners. Fruit salad is especially pretty in this bowl, but everything looks good in it!  The lid fits perfectly.  The glass is substantial... which is why I was shocked, dismayed, and heartbroken when the paper bag I was carrying it in slipped, and the bowl cracked in two.  I might have even shed a tear...
6700	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
1374	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	There is now a near constant synching issue with this tablet which causes any app running to crash and sucks up all the tablet's resources. The 'fix' from Barnes & Noble is to do a factory reset on the tablet, to hide the problem until it happens again, then do it again when the problem comes back. According to the Android folks the problem lies in what Barnes & Noble did to bastardize the Android operating system for their own 'Nook' version of the operating system, and the problem has to be fixed by Barnes & Noble. Barnes & Noble refuses to do anything to fix this issue other than to provide a lazy 'fix' of doing a factory reset.
1232	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just received this reader after returning a gifted Kindle.  Nice screen and seems much more white than the Kindle Touch I returned.  I did root it to run Android, so it tends to lag in apps that it was never meant to run, but in reader apps, it's great.  It also has a micro SD slot (32GB works fine) which is the main reason I chose it.  That and the fact that it is so easily rooted, with a large support community.  I liked the Kindle's sleek looks more than the Nook, but the screen on this is definitely better for reading (can't speak for the new Kindle Paper White).  I haven't read outdoors with it yet, so no info there.  Now I have a ton of ebooks and, more importantly, all my college text books in PDF format.  In fact now that it's rooted, I can read any format file by getting an app (including the Kindle app!).  Web browsing is okay with Opera mobile.  Email is great.  Video is not possible, but eink offer a couple of months of battery life (even a few weeks would be great) which makes up for any shortfalls.  I leave my laptop home most days now.  Bottom line: It's the perfect addition to the modern student's toolkit (If you've got a little technical know-how).
6902	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had this guy sitting on my desk for 3 years, and he's done a great job.
4908	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	MAXELL CD - 340 LENS CLEANER
869	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great

CHARACTERIZATION - 5 Stars

3447	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Original Review: This cable does the job but beware if you are looking for anything longer than the ASUS brand cable that came with the Nexus 7 It's the same length. But the price is right and the cable seems sturdy enough.
I recommend this drive for low-cost, low demand storage and backup. Now if only zips would come down in price...
7436	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	How much would you spend to protect your $... palm?  this case looks real good, and it fits your palm like a glove, adds very little additional weight and gives you the mental peace that your palm will be protected from about everything it could happen to it.  Leather may look more stylish, but they are also bulky. A great buy.
4904	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Wet cleaner fluid bottle was bone dry.  I think it was really old.
4446	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No complaints here! Perfect condition and working quality!

(Key feature in decision to purchase the Nook) Wi-Fi! I am so happy that included Wi-Fi and not just AT&Ts 3G network. We have very spotty cellular coverage in our area. Including Wi-Fi just seems like a no brainer. (Don't worry Kindle fans, I sure it will be included in the K3)
6690	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It totally works to extend my USB cable. Imagine it, you plug it in and up to 10' away, you magically get a USB port transported to any location 10' away.

781	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great brand name. I have never had a problem with any sandisk products.
Speakers are just OK

5709	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Quality
5693	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cables were of excellent quality! Very well made.

6397	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	well made works great
2969	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price...works fine...Data transfer not as fast...but would buy again.
2632	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had one of these for over two years, no problems powering my iphone 4, 4s, and ipad.
When I told Larry that I had purchased his book he emailed me and told me it was "Different", and he hoped I liked it.

6669	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Like the other purchasers who have reviewed it here, it also didn't work for me at all and I tried absolutely everything :(
5204	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought two and use them in different parts of the house to listen to my Sirius Satelite radio. I can walk around the house and listen to either Howard or the Rolling Stones channel through out, using one boom box.
5775	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Is what it is.  The adapter does it's job.  I have some classic Northgate keyboards (no others are close).
2921	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked just as expected, easy recognition, convenience of USB, so that you can use it with a desktop PC, laptop PC, probably anything with a USB port, though those are the only two applications I tried it on. Good Value!
5028	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	my husband uses this to listen to training material while at work. It works great, just wish it was rechargeable


9722	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good value

It was weird to have a very lightweight headset on my head -- instead of a phone clenched between my head and shoulder. But! I knew it was something I could learn to love quickly.
9469	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Don't want to stick to anything and clear tape is no good when you try to stick it to a dark color you can barely see it sorry I bought it
- By stretching the coil out this problem goes away. Almost wish that the cord came pre-stretched so the new cords weren't so tight.
262	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This book is an exceptionally clear and informative *introduction* to all the major parts of the Mac OS.  Screen shots of every action are shown, and important parts of each window are clearly designated.
6883	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Received item as advertied.  It works very well as an extension cable should.  Also received the item very promptly, thanks!


2523	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this car charger it will charge your item fast 2slots for double chargin what More can you ask for buy this now don't wait you will  get it now!!!!!
It gets great reception (no TV signals in our town), is easy to use, and sounds great.
You go through a grounding ritual with touching little pads before you insert the cleaning disc.  (Probably silly, but did it anyway.)  It spun up, with only slightly more vibration than a normal CD.  And a few moments later iTunes started ripping the tracks. :)  Oops.  Hadn't used it in so long I forgot!
Snappy, installs apps fine, opens them quickly, videos are fairly smooth, scrolling is pretty good (but not as nice as Apple's).
577	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a very sturdy product and fairly easy to install.  This item is a fraction of the cost of most store products and much better quality!
3413	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect additional memory for my Samsung Galaxy 4 smart phone.  Easy to install and transfer data.  Could have not asked for anything better.
Interface with any USB  Macintosh is seamless, and the included software, Casady & Greene's  SoundJam MP, is the finest Mac application in decades.  All you need to  know is how to work the plug, and how to drag and drop, and you'll be  organizing your Rio playlists with no trouble.  If it isn't already,  SoundJam will become your MP3 player of choice, too.


8094	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The price on these cables is great.  So much cheaper than most stores, and they come in many colors so that you can use multiples.  Packaging is easy to use, and completely frustration free.  Would buy again.




3419	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've had this for 6 months now.  I've had no problems.  I think I had to format it in my phone ( not sure what the custom formatting meant ).  I have about 50gb of videos, movies, etc on it and watch them every week on an plane, without issue.
521	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is mounted in a doorway between two rooms in my basement with a 40 inch TV attached to it.  I can move it to either room and still keep the doorway open plenty wide enough to pass through.  Perfect for my needs.
2286	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This headset didn't work upon receipt sad.
5214	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS PRODUCT...NOT TOO READILY AVAILABLE ANYMORE...SO I'M GRATEFUL TO BE ABLE TO STILL FIND IT.
8660	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice item
These are tops. Gold plated connectors, Snag free ends, that protect that little lock in tab on the ends. You know the frustration of unsnarling a phone wire, out of a wiring mess, and the little tab bends over backwards, never to work properly again. Well Belkin built twin arches over the sides to prevent just that. Way to go. Highly recommended, good stuff, for a good price.
CONTENTS:
- Only 250MB of internal storage for side loaded content, another 1GB for Nook books and content, though there is a micro SD expansion.  So both Paperwhite and Glow have 2GB but a bit is used for operating system and then the Nook takes most of what is left over for B&N content.  I found that 4GB of Kindle 3 was just right for me and the 2GB Kindle 2 and Paperwhite was lacking as once they get too full they start lagging.  Why they downgraded the Paperwhite, Touch and Kindle 4??
815	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
I can't say more without giving away a spoiler, which is why this was a very difficult review to write.
My wife still loves her Kindle but I think she is a little jealous. She asked me why I didn't get her a Nook for Christmas.
527	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Mount, so many areas of articulation. This was a great gift idea my mother loves it. I have purchased two of them and they are sturdy and give a touch of class to every room you put them in. A must have any video file or those who want to save space in a bedroom or office.
I LOVE THIS SHOWER HEAD.
4433	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not bad quality but not anywhere near TDK EHG. Used one to record at HQ (1 hr), a documentary and degradation from the original digital was noticeable. It still is much better than prerecorded tapes, which frequently are awful. It does make you appreciate DVDs.
and -5 stars and a bullet in the head for the guy who stole the item from my original purchase.
2902	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	small, compact, low voltage.
9222	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Simple, and easy to use for what it does, this is starting to look a bit overpriced nowadays. On the good side, you can use common floppy discs to save your pictures, the batteries last for ages and it's extremely easy to  use, but on the other hand the resolution (640x480 in hi-res) isn't good  enough for anything more than simple holiday snaps. If you're prepared to  do lots of re-touching you can use it as a useful image aquisition tool,  and the lack of resolution can be a creative spur intself, but for anything  more than simple web-site images and casual snaps you'd be better off with  a proper megapixel camera with some kind of smart-card memory storage.
8806	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought two sets. Easy to use. Easy to understand spoken voice. I will use this when hunting with a partner.
Tory is a cook who's working her way through school. She's currently finishing up her dissertation for a doctorate in Anthropology. She lost her parents due to a car wreck at an early age and was raised by her grandparents. Tory's grandmother taught her how to cook but made her promise (on her deathbed) that she'd get an education (hence the doctorate). Tory's grandfather just died recently, leaving her on her own and with a lot of medical bills to deal with.
Don't waste your money!

6115	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased item for my PC/laptop/boombox/DVD player. Just for maintenance to keep eye lens clear of any dirt/dust after using it on all of 3-5 items their was a coat of dust/dirt on disc. WOW what a surprise I try to keep my electronics clean  & dust free every 2-3 months but dust/dirt seem to find it's way inside electronics.
537	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Amazing how easy it is to move my 46" around on this mount and able to hang off one stud. Nice quality feel to metal it is made of.
4135	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Micro card works just fine without any issues so far.  I would recommend to others also. I will purchase again for my other phone if needed since this one worked fine.
47	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	My brother is a trucker and pre-ordered this.  He was out on the road when it arrived, so he asked me to charge it, update it, and play with it.  FUN!  I am not a trucker, but from what I hear from my brother, the tools on this device are awesome.  It looks like it would be very helpful for him.  The thing is huge, a 7" screen!  Overall, this seems to be a great tool.

5892	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	like
118	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this plug to see if it would work with the Mediabridge Brand USB to Micro USB card that I had purchased, because after getting the cable, my tablet wouldn't charge plugged into just any outlet.  I have a NOOK Color, and that plug worked to charge the tablet.  So I saw this one (at the largest Mass Merchandising store) for half the price here at Amazon and purchased it to try.  And it works.  Charges my Toshiba Excite perfectly through the micro USB port.  Now I can leave my original plug and cable at home and use this Nook Plug and Mediabridge Cable at work.  Perfect!  No more cords in my purse.
6591	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well so far

7062	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say about a USB extension cable.  I plugged my USB hub into it and even though the cable that connected the hub made the total run more than the maximum allowed 10 ft the connection still worked.

I have found them at another website with more hours.  Now I just have to remember how to use them to my advantage.
6357	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got sick of replacing the batteries for my cordless mouse. Extending the USB cable for the corded mouse makes total sense. Great product
7686	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect for the job.  great price.  will buy again
7922	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	uh
NOT A SPARROW FALLS is not a fast read. It requires a willingness to really delve into it, but once I entered the story world, I couldn't leave. The situations the heroine found herself in were heartbreaking and anxious. I loved the love story. It wasn't overt or edgy, but it was sweet and captivating. How I longed to see it resolved in the end. There were so many different threads that made up the tapestry of this story. From a family suffering from the loss of their mother, to a young woman running from a wealth of bad decisions, to a drug ravaged young man and the old woman who prays for them all.

2815	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this display. I ordered it on Oct 3 and received it on Oct 6... super fast shipping. Great display, no dead pixels... bright, sharp. This display runs with no problem on my Mac Pro 5.1 using the standard graphic card the ATI Radeon HD5770. This display only has a DVI-D and requires a Dual Link DVI to drive it. The Radeon HD 5770 works just fine using the DVI-D output and the dual link cable supplied with the display. You can't beat the price and the display is awesome. One downside... it comes with a manual that is only in Korean... so no clue which butttons to adjust brightness or contrast.... it would be nice to have a translated manual...but right out of the box the color looks great. Bottom line.... good supplier, fast shipment, great price... whats not to like.


4402	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great cable

1547	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Simply the best in terms of price and functionality. And if you root it you can access your email, read the online newspapers, post on facebook, etc. An excellent device.
I read about the Kindle Fire and Nook Tablet - the Fire only had 8GB of onboard storage at the time, and no micro SD slot.  A deal-breaker.  This was pre Samsung GalaxyTab, Nexus, etc.  Since the Nook Tablet has 16GB and a micro SD slot, we went to a store to take a look.  Sales guy was good, and the device hardware shows well.  Once we got it home and were doing more reading about setup, we found the first of our issues:
588	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my parents so they could watch tv from the bedroom and free up some space on top of their dresser. I put it up on the wall from the side of their bed. This thing extends out so nicely and doesnt feel cheap one bit. My parents love it and thank me constantly for it! Highly recommend

4399	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best value
6180	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	to reduce clutter behind the scene with colors to help color co-ordinate the herd gathering behind your electronic devices :)
4585	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought tons of these in the 80's, and 90's, now they are like gold. Used to get 3 for the price of one of these, but I'm sure they've stopped producing them now, so they will be precious if you can find them. Can't beat the quality of the
Inspector Jian, a widowed veteran and well-connected Chinese Police Inspector, sent his only child to Leeds University. Ostensibly for education, but practically to straighten out her troublesome streaks. Only trouble of the worst kind cries out of his cell phone one day, and 32 hours later, the good Inspector finds himself in England without a friend, a weapon, or a single word of the local language.
I have seen that a real wireless 2.4 mgh phone extension system is available in Europe but not in the US, where I only find powerline systems.
Overall a good external system
fyi-According to Sony customer service, their bookmarks/etc will not be wiped out during updates AND they can be backed up beforehand just in case, so for me, they appear to be the best choice out of epub e-readers from what I've found out so far.
3240	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works very fast, thank you
5670	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Don't spend a lot of money.  Buy these easy to use velcro cable tie wraps that allow you to use and reuse over and over again  Comes in multiple color pack (for that color coding you want to do).  Remember these aren't just for cables.  I've used them to hold shelves together for extra support!  These really stay stuck together!  I've chained a few together for a bigger project I needed help together.  A must have in any household.


After seeing my Nook in action, several friends promptly got their own.
355	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	easy to setup allow the viewing of TV from different directions
8650	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	does the job. nothing extra. is light.
15	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have an older URC-WR7 remote and thought this would be an upgrade (and because TWC stuck me with it), but this one fails where the other one didn't.  The old remote could go head to head and learn.  I have 2 different Blu Ray players (LG & Panasonic) and this one fails on both.  It cannot learn buttons.  The biggest problem is in streaming when I need to hit the blue, red, yellow, green buttons.  These cannot work either of them, so I have to pull out the remote for that one setting.  I don't know why they give you multiple code methods but no learning.
7153	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had a printer I needed to connect to and this was great for doing that and the price was great for what I needed it for.
8316	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Unlike many of the other Minidisc owners on here, I happen to like MP3. The minidisks are great....but for something small and light to tuck in my pocket, nothing beats the Rio! It's at least half the size and a third the  weight of my minidisk player. And yes, the size DOES make a difference to  many people.
7554	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Only knock is the outlets should face up and down the strip. Those cell chargers are big and bulky
other document formats: kindle - supports .doc, .txt, & .rtf; nook doesn't.
1702	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is probably the hardest book review I'll ever write.  As an author myself I always preface my reviews with the information of whether I know the author or not.  I've "met" Larry Enright on Facebook, Twitter and a variety of other forums.  I love his wit and sense of humor.  I've interviewed him and didn't take offense to his comment that my writing career was inspired by a Rabid Dog ("Old Yeller").  And I'm not a professional reviewer.
7663	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just plain works!

9320	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Thanks!
Thanks.
3852	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This product was ultra cheap at $3.18 however it didn't work. Apparently it is possible to spend too little. You get what you pay for! For $8.50 I purchased a plug adapter and lighter adapter that works by allowing a standard USB cord to be plugged into either. The alternate vendor's product worked well.
9347	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this tape most often in the kitchen, to label and date spice jars and pantry items.  The labels adhere well to glass and stainless steel, and do not peel off or yellow with time.  I've also used the labels for a home filing system, and after many years, the labels still look crisp and bright.
6123	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Every day recording  works well.
My only issue with this tablet is the feel of the screen.  While it has one of the best pictures of any tablet I have seen, the way the screen feels when you slide your finger across it is, well, just not a smooth feel.  The screen picks up fingerprints very easily as well.  As of now, I have a Nook matte screen protector on mine, which makes it feel more like a GPS screen, but I imagine once I add a high quality glossy protector, this issue will be resolved.
2212	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The light is sturdy, well designed and does a very good job of lighting the page without disturbing my wife.
3012	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This external drive has helped me a lot, it comes in handy when your mac, notebook or netbook cd/dvd drive is not working.
9204	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	If you are rich as hell, go ahead and buy it. But for the price your paying for this, you could get a great Mini Disk player, and even plenty of discs for over 6,000 minutes of recording time with the same sound quality!  Dont believe me? Goto the Mini Disc section and do the math! Even better,  you can record mp3's onto the MiniDisk players, you can also record your  voice, your playstation/N64/Dreamcast, VCR, TV, Radio, Tape,  everything!  I almost bought an mp3 player, and im glad i didn't. MP3's  are too expensive compared to Mini-Disks, and if you look at the Mini Disk  trend right now, its exactly like the CD trend 10 years ago. They are  already making Mini Disk drives fro computers to store info. Just check out  the Mini Disks before you buy this, trust me, you'll thank me. If you have  any questions, email me, Ill answer them asap!
5) This speaker simply does not meet the high standards that Advent has set for their other speakers
2507	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	You can use for a while but not for a long time.... I will be hot enough when it is plugged in and could damage your phone or car charging port... I really don't like it...
4 stars = Good book, but not life altering.
3371	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm in Europe right now using this, and it hasn't let me down. I use it every morning to heat water with a immersion heater I insert in my coffee mug to make coffee each day. At other times I use it to charge my kindle, backup batteries, camera and cellphone.

8841	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Grabbed this for a business trip as my new Note 3 had a case that covered the back but not the whole phone.  This fit the bill!  Pull the back cover off Note 3, snap it in to this cover and you are good to go.  Still fits in my pocket and I don't need to worry about keys or anything else banging against the glass on the phone.  So far it seems to be holding up great with the limited abuse its been subjected to.  Yes, I would recommend this product!
1138	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great product, still have it..(bought it 3-4 years ago)
41	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works. It's interesting, I got one assembled in Mexico and it recently started to not work without a hard push on the buttons.
4623	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Price works well
First, let me say that the subwoofer BOOOMS! The bass from the compact cube is deeper and more throbbing than my full stereo system. Really remarkable. I used this system in my dorm room at Columbia University this summer, and all my dorm mates were so amazed that the speakers were frequently borrowed for watching DVDs, and one classmate was so impressed that she bought her own set immediately a day after borrowing mine. With the massive BOOOOM of the system, it was easy to see why everyone was so enthusiastic.

9519	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
I will try to get a new Android tablet instead (for reading, and Internet browsing). Rather spend a few hundreds bugs to get a good product than a cheap one that does not work.
I got my paws on one of these things in the store, and I'm still surprised at how light and small it is.
1302	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had my Nook for a week now and just love it.  I find the touchscreen easy to understand and use.  I have downloaded books from the local public library using OverDrive and Adobe Digital Edition and all have come through perfectly.  Downloading books from B & N have been quick and efficient.  I like being able to Find/Search forward and backward and to be able to look up words easily.  I have used bookmarks and highlights as well.  I also like the feature of being able to go to Last Read Page or to quickly pick a page using the Go To.  I have downloaded my own wallpaper and screen savers.  The two reasons I chose the Nook over the Kindle:  local support at Barnes and Noble and the ability to borrow ebooks from the public library.  I also easily added my own MicroSD card and added personal PDF documents to it. I love reading on it!!!

- I received this product (very kindly) at a discount or free in exchange for an honest and unbiased review of the product, based upon my own personal experience.
8499	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
4579	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It did not work for me. I can not get a refund. I had to buy a FM transmitter. Lost my money.
8352	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Reading the ads and other persons' reveiws, I  expected it to be smaller and lighter. It is actually a little bit too big for my ear (since I am a small person), it fell down sometimes (I have to avoid sudden movement). I  think it would be ok for an average (size) person. However, the design is  nice. I wish it will come in white color so it will match my AT&T  phone.
6622	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works exactly as you'd expect it to.  No issues here.
493	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does the job and it wasn't too hard to install so i'm a happy tv viewer. Nothing bad to say about it. Came with a bunch of bolt options for different make and model TV's


7039	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I intended to get a shorter cable, something more like 6" but I wasn't really paying attention when I went and bought this one.  I wanted to buy it so I could use it for my iphone because the charger cable is so ridiculously short.  It works for this, kinda, but read on for more information.
9891	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are less expensive than the office supply stores are selling them for and are the very same thing. Come in Brother O.E. packaging. Received them very quickly.
3759	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	its a cable
5081	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This little radio plays super well, is very clear and unobstrusive.  It's a great buy! Looks good too.
A Happy recorder.  The industry tricks us into giving up our good stuff for cheap stuff to make more money.  They new that the DVDs were no good and you would have to keep buying them over and over...their profit on you buying them over and over.  I stopped.  You ought to pull out that old recorder you had that is still good and buy some tapes and start using it again.
to it's benefit though, it was reasonably sturdy and easy to install.
2923	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works like it should. It's nice and compact too. No power cord needed. Just need two usb connections and you're up and running. No issues at all. Great product. I highly recommend this for anyone. I plan on buying another real soon.
ONE DECK GOT MUCH WORSE  THE OTHER STOPPED DELIVERING DIGITAL DATA COMPLETELY.
The design is good. It's very easy to empty the trash. It's very light and you can hang it to a passenger seat and it is barely noticeable if your car equips with a black leather.
2019	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works well.
I split the signal for a HD Dish Network receiver for viewing into another room with a HDTV.  Recently, Dish Network HD receivers give an error message, when no HDMI TV is connected and turned on.  So, I finally had to run a HDMI cable trough the crawl space.
9633	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, Love it.
8687	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These mics are pretty legit.

> Folders play in the order loaded.  Tracks (within folders) play in alpha-numeric order.  So, if your audiobook is in multiple folders (as it will be if ripped from CDs using Mediaplayer), then load the folders, one-at-a-time in the order you want them to play.  The tracks within each folder will play in the proper order.
4632	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Use this to play my ipod in my nissan maxima tape player. Works great and the audio is pretty good. Better then radio quality but not cd quality.
3310	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What a great price
3159	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A little difficult to start with the setup.  Played around with it a few minutes and it works just fine,
9618	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Better than OEM version. Easier to separate backing. Print fades but so does OEM. Need to cover with clear liquid or clear tape for uses where it will be rubbed.
The last consideration (not really an issue, but an odd choice on their part) is the lack of a file manager on the device. You have to plug the Nook into a computer to delete files. However, it's irrelevant, since all of my ebooks are on the memory card, and I bought a USB adapter for that very reason.
5440	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	plugged it in and it works good
 First, the plus side - it has a disk drive type load/eject mechanism - other models  you open up the unit and slide the disc in - this model you just pop the  disc in like a floppy drive - no hassles.

1687	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	While I get the pulp fiction end of the other reviewers, I couldn't even finish this book.  I made it thorugh 25% of the book and was so completely bored that I couldn't even motivate myself to pick it back up.  There are sooooo many characters in the first part of the story, and the author fails to get involved with each of them before moving on to the next.  I can see how the story has some potential, but after the first quarter of the book, the story has still gone nowhere and I refuse to continue to read to figure out where it's going.  Further, it seems as though the author had several great "thoughts" about what should be in the book, but failed to organize those thoughts.  It almost seems like a very rought draft of several different potential story ideas.  Very scatter brained and boring!
The action was good, the characters of Clay and Rachael were interesting and I always like learning something when I read.  In this case it was the looting of art by the Nazis.  But then, the story changed tacks and became more about Rachael, art dealers and auction houses.  While that was also interesting, it felt as though there were one too many story lines for me.  It was exciting and suspenseful, but could have used a bit more focus.  This was not a "wow" read, but it was a really good summer or airplane read. (EBMRG Selection)
Inspector Jian is a man of personal and professional stature in his native China.  He receives a desperate call from his daughter, who is supposed to be studying in England, that sending him flying from his world into one completely foreign to him both in custom and language and into a world of smuggled migrants.
7316	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best Buy wanted over $20 for a basic printer cable while Amazon offers this Belkin for a quarter of the price. This is a high quality, well made cable that works flawlessly. I've always found Belkin to be a good but inexpensive brand. If you need a parallel cable, I'd strongly recommending buying this.

Who let the information out?  What will that do to Tammys divorce?  Will Amelia Ann be allowed to go to Vanderbilt or will Mothers plan for her win?  What does Torys leaving do to Rye and his career?  Will Rory come out of his shell?
The nice thing is it also includes an S-video option, unfortunately my VCR only allows S-video with 480p signals (ie DVD movies and restricts VCR video to 480i.  The DVD capture format seems to add some deinterlacing to the captured video from what I can tell (though it might just be my video card doing it)  Still, it's a pretty good buy for someone who wants to archive or even send family members burned DVDs of videos.
1742	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	my school required me to spend money on this.  it works and is a decent way for the instructor to get an idea of how well students are absorbing lecture material during the lecture.
more.
3777	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked
6382	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for small jobs where you don't need all that extra cable. I got two just because they were so cheap.
to make this a satisfactory experience, because customer satisfaction
7016	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got the red band --> 10 to 35 Pounds (1/2 " *4.5mm). It arrived in a plastic packaging, and was secured with two little red bands. It is the perfect width overall. and you can step on it and do goo stretches. I found that double twisting the band makes it better on short stretches.
About the broke vcr's - if you wet the tape and the heads get wet, the vcr will not play. The heads have a moisture/ dew sensor and will not play a tape when it senses it is wet.
722	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Easy to install and the TV is still on the wall after three weeks! I consider this a good value for the money
6943	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great purchase cheap what more can you say for a 10 foot capable extension! they are, how to use up the last word hooray
8244	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect product to back up file, photos, Vieo Clips, MP3s. Great performance, fast transfer rate, not very noisy at all comparing to an LS-120 I own. I recently bought a Zip 250MB, and so far it's get my thumbs up! Full compatibility with the 100MB disks. If you want a portable storage device put your money on a Zip drive. CD-R & CD-RW media are great. The only drawback is the media being used over and over. CDs aren't a very reliable comparing to cartridge disks. Cartridge disks are more reliable and last longer in the re-write processes of everyday backups of your files. And keep in mind that the Zip drives or less expensive and are easily transported anywhere, easy to install and work with. A+
6121	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like the tapes.  They work good.
3877	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good
6252	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	doesn't work with Windows 7
4776	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
3154	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best quality, you are really getting everything for the very low price you pay.
2964	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good product and easy to connect and use!
The case does not close quite as tight as I would like, but if you  mess with centering the hinge it closes. It provides the best protection of  the cases I have tried and does not make the palm so bulky that you can't  stand to take it everywhere you go.
1026	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	OUtstanding performance, I am using it in a Samsung Galaxy S3 and it recognizes without any problem,. I recommend this product
2792	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Here's what you want to know.
I like it except for the above things....
9542	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
8178	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great! I used this Ethernet cable to connect a printer to a network, it was fast and easy...I suppose a cable shouldn't have issues, but I still wanted to notate my experience with this product.
Highly recommended. OBVIOUSLY.

7213	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm for my printer and I haven't had any problems with it.
4857	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I don't use tapes too much anymore, since the advent of DVR recorders.  I do have friends that don't have a DVR's therefore I copy things for friends. Maxell makes a good tape for this purpose.
The first reader I had experience with was when my grandpa had purchased one of those huge honkin' Kindle DS readers with the full key pad. I was excited about that one, but the price was WAY out of range. I decided to try and go with the Nook (after my typical pre-purchase ritual of spending days doing research on the best option) and I was so thrilled with it, I had nothing bad to say. I used that little beauty for a few good years, until I was forced to sell it to help pay bills. From the very moment the Nook left my hands I regretted it. I was certain I'd never find one that good again. And I don't believe there has been any readers since then that are that good still!
3259	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Speedy delivery.
Easy Set Up
-It cost less than $2.
It did take me a little  while how to figure out how to get the audio set up properly for 5.1, as  the default setup when you buy it is for just two front speakers.
5057	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If your looking for a radio for your shower, then look no further.  This gets great reception and the timer to shutoff feature is very handy.


3114	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This little microphone transforms my iPod into something much more useful for recording events.  There is no way to listen at the same time, but that was advertised as such.  Thank you.
The size is okay. Probably two to three cans. Overall, highly recommend!
3175	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.  I have several different machines at home, including Windows XP laptops, Windows 7 machines, a couple of Linux boxes, etc.  This device was easy to set up, and the Windows boxes all found it and were able to print to my Samsung ML-1740 laser right away.  The Linux boxes are set up a little bit more manually but they work just fine as well.
6141	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	a-ok
4854	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Pros: Very nice and seems like it will last a lot longer than some of the others, works great on my PC.
2273	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality good price
I've accumulated more electronic devices with cords, so I'm ordering another set. I don't think you'll be disappointed if you buy these. They make my life much neater and less tangled.
Jack was just a bit too clichd to draw me completely in. Chain smoker (Marlboros of course), heavy drinker and with a slightly ambiguous past as a cop.  His girl Friday (or Jenny in this case) was something of an enigma.  Smart, young wealthy, but no other personality.  No sexual tension between Jack and her, in fact except for some of the descriptions of the suicides/murders, the entire novel was pretty much PG rated.  No sex, no gore, no real horror. Actually, neither Jack nor Jenny seemed to have any sort of libido at all.
5404	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These ties are just what I expected from the photo and description. They are  8" velcro ties with a little tag on the end so you can grasp them easily. The colors are identical to the product photo, and the quality is high.
5347	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The best one I've ever owned .
3952	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this exclusively to use with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Canon-EOS-60D/dp/B0040JHVC2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Canon EOS 60D </a>&nbsp;and I happy to report that this cable works flawlessly with this camera.

9072	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The lens cleaner works fine as advertised.
2723	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect quality.
6929	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The bands are very thin. Not at all what I expected.
5151	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect.  I love it!
Came in the original retail packaging.
8433	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my walkie-talkie. I officiate swim meets and needed a good headset and this one filled the bill. Light weight and adjustable with good sound, microphone works real well. Price is certainly good, delivered fast, packed well.
1491	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	If anyone have used previous version of nook you will immediately see the improvements on new version of nook. One of the most important feature I found on the new nook was better page turn response. The screen refresh when moving from page to page is much quicker, nearly matching the refresh rates of the latest Kindle. The Nook also added a laundry list of interface and usability improvements, such as the ability to organize your book collection by category which is called "shelves".I liked 600 X 800 display screen. It comes with 16 shades of gray and is easy to your eyes. I can read all day without hurting my eyes. My personal opinion, i would love this device more if I could read it at night without lights.
Drawbacks to the nook: The battery life, that nifty little color touch screen eats the battery power like mad.  B&N claim that you get 10 days, cut that in half. I do not know if this is because I use the touch screen to do my page turns or not,(the other option being the side buttons) but I am leaning toward, maybe? LCD screens notoriously use power; but using the page turn function does not require the back-light to be on, so I am not sure how it is eating up the battery so badly. It is honestly not that much of a problem for me. I am around my computer so much that it is unlikely a day will go by without it being attached to the CPU or an outlet next to my bed. I have gone almost four days with not re-charging; and I could see that little power icon decrease at least to slightly more than half in that time.
4492	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my headphones, lightweight for workouts
8077	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works very well! It has a nice length to it. For it to have been SO cheap, it really gets the job done. It doesn't fall in and out of the ethernet slot. It stays right in place.
However, if you don't need to rotate your TV, this will do the job I suppose

- new screensavers for download
I came to Amazon hoping I could somehow score one of these without destroying my bank account and I fell on the floor when I saw what people are charging.
Here is where it can get interesting.  The binoculars come with a pleather carrying case, a really cheap neck strap that looks like a plastic shoelace, and a cheap cleaning cloth that is way too abrasive to be used everyday.  I suggest replacing both the neck strap and cleaning cloth as soon as you can.  The soft, microfiber cloths they sell in eyeglass stores works great.  Plus, pick up some of the eyeglass cleaner (spray directly onto cloth, not lens) as it really gets the lens clean and protects any coating on the glass.
With the Nook, I have borrowed free ebooks from my local library and within minutes downloaded them to my computer and then transferred them to my Nook. AWESOME! In addition, unlike the Kindle, I can read free ebooks available from Google.
I used to spin the old Dynamo labeler to make labels but no

There  are cheaper models available from other manufacturers, but after shopping  around it appears that the TalkAbout is the most robust unit with the most  accessories available.
As far as the touch screen part of the Nook, we love it! It does not distract us but adds to the beauty of the Nook in our opinion. It is easy for my family to use.
this is the cable I went to and it rocked. Worked perfect for reasonable price.  You'll be glad you read this post.  God Bless
I'd rather pay $600 for an iPad, purchasing from a company that charges a lot for products that are well thought out and work well.  While I may wish the price was less for Apple products, at least I don't have this awful feeling of being screwwed ten different ways by B&N with their service and nook product.
4041	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	VERY GOOD PRODUCT I RECOMMEND IT.
9889	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this to use for labeling binders and to label how much money remains on gift cards.
One thing, I have a micro sd slot on my computer and I have a usb multi card reader.  This card did not work in either of them.  This card is a faster/newer speed and my readers do not recognize the card. Bummer...  But, my phone is happy with the card, so all is well.
6052	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Does not work with MS old sidewinder joystick, nor on Win 10 or win 7.
Lastly, even though it has a strap to hang it, its meant for a counter top. Hanging it means the controls are out of sight and difficult to use. This thing should not be kept in the shower, keep it next to the sink.
This book may appeal to those who like high-action noir, but I need a little more depth and dimension.
5760	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was very satisfied with this purchase.
1553	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You don't need a lamp to see and the light is adjustable.  You can extend battery life by using the light only when you need it and keeping it reduced to what you actually need for brightness.  If you want something other than a ebook reader then don't buy this product.  If you want to read an ebook, then I highly recommend this reader.

could be better if the pictures were color, so it would be easier to figure out which piece to use.
(BTY... I still use the Kindle app).

I agree with the other reviewer that those of use who are right-handed would be better served if the cover set-up were reversed.  The notebook would be more useful for me on the right side rather than the left.
A proper iPad charger uses the Apple protocol and puts out 10 watts (2 - 2.1 amps = 2000-2100mA) at 5V.
7738	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I thought the color coding was brilliant as well as the fact that it could sit on a table rather than the floor for use by others but this thing is immense, it takes up too much room!
5084	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Sony does it again.  They have put together a great radio for the bathroom.  It is easy to set up the time, presets, etc.  The sound and reception are great.  The controls are on top and protected.  The display could be brighter and I wish it had a way to hang it on the wall when not in use (it comes with a cord for hanging in the shower), but it is compact and does not take up too much space on the counter and it looks nice.  I haven't actually put it in the shower since I can hear it just fine from the counter.

I replaced my 32gb with after formatting it, i have all the room i will ever need on my phone.

Next day, unplugged it, hit the switch and...... nothing. As if there isn't even a battery in there.
1706	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	A very creative plot kept me reading in spite of the grammar and usage errors. Almost all dialogue was written incorrectly: ["I don't know." He said.] rather than ["I don't know," he said.] An editor would certainly have corrected these and many other errors.
Reading and editing MS Office Documents and PDFs.  This is 70% of my job and the primary reason for purchasing a tablet.  The Tablet has a lite MS Office reader and a PDF reader.  Both are good at reading documents. Neither allow editing or adding notes to documents.  For about $20 you can buy excellent third-party apps that allow editing both types of documents. (Note: Animations in PowerPoint do not animate so the Tablet is not suitable for showing animated presentations.)  The virtual keyboard is the biggest limitation.  Most internal apps do not support rotation so the keyboard is not much wider than a smartphone keyboard.  You have to type with your index fingers to keep from hitting numerous keys.  Where the keyboard totally fails is a lack of cursor keys.  If you have a typo in the middle of word, there is no way to move the cursor to the exact letter you want it on.  Retyping entire words is not uncommon.  Verdict: FAIL
5309	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Remember when you were in high school and got your first car and it cost every cent you had and was really cool but it had the crappy original equipment stock car stereo so you saved up all your money from your part time after school job for the next month and went out and bought the most powerful car stereo you could afford and installed it and hooked it up to the crappy original equipment stock car speakers and cranked it up and blew out the speakers but you had no money left so you saved up all your money from your part time after school again for the next month to buy new speakers but for that whole month every time the sound got over a certain volume level it would get all distorted because the paper cones of the speakers were all ripped up?
4611	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my Dad and he said it works great!
The real cable is only a dollar or two more expensive, do not waste your time with these cables.

Reliable Wifi card.

It is a big, heavy unit - more than 6 pounds with batteries.  Not exactly a iPod, but is fine for carting around the house to listen to while you clean up the garage.
1732	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	waste of money, product is okay but schools shouldn't require this expense. Does no good.

9721	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good value.
4344	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great. it is always good to have backup cables and this one works great and replaced my old one.
6176	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great extension.  Fits my needs and no issues with the cable.


9132	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works fast and good
5858	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great for setting up my computer. Did not need a long cord so this fit
What's my problem then with Kindle? Couple things. The ads of course. Also, I personally don't care for the software. You are stuck in their software with no way to personalize it. Boring! Also, the buttons are in bad places so you can accidentally shut the device off. On the lower priced Kindles the font choices are fewer and the smaller size choices are useless unless you use a magnifying glass. And the devices aren't as nice to hold. At least on the Fires they took the idea from Nook on making the backs have a soft plastic.
3927	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works very well
6605	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I find Belkin cables to be fine for their purpose.
Overall, I like the machine and would recommend it to  others.
Booya! LONG LIVE CAT 5e
2167	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cheap and bright.  Good enough.
It what you'd pay for a 6 foot cable at a local retailer, you get a good reliable cable that's 50 foot long.  And, very few big box retailers like Lowe's, Home Depot or Walmart sell long HDMI cables.
The AM is a bonus, with all Cleveland Indians games broadcast on 1100 AM.

6453	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We needed to hook two computers up to an ethernet switch box.  This short cable was just the right size for the computer which sat next to the switch box.  Very sturdy cable, and the clips on the ends look like they'll last a long time.
380	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ordered 2 for my Samsung and Insignia TVs, they worked perfectly and were easily installed in no time.
What a poorly named product . . . .Should come with some instructions about this mod, or perhaps a small wire jumper that could be easily inserted.

9406	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What a deal! I received 3 cartridges of labeling tape with free shipping for LESS than the retail cost of 1 at a B&M store! Free shipping takes a bit longer but that was a choice I was willing to accept.  Product was exactly as what I would expect to receive at a retail store.  I am delighted to get more for my dollar without having to sacrifice on quality. Thanks! Will do business again...and again....and again!!
2307	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfect, best dual charger I have bought.
6899	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have used this when using the iPad (and obviously had it plugged in) and it still runs the battery down, just slower than it would have otherwise. It is ok but there have got to be others out there that will work better. I mean, Belkin makes some great products but this is not top of the list. I use it and its ok but I would really like to find a 10 foot iPad cord that actually works and not rely on thsi thing. When your computer is plugged in, it should not run down to 70% when being used. So, based on that...I consider this product kind of a failure and the only reason it gets 2 stars is that I actually do use it
4791	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I received no complaints from the engineered that requested this item from this seller.  Items were as described.
1271	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had all the other Nook's and this is the first that I truly love.  The touch screen is accurate and quick, there is no reflection at all, page turns are quicker than the other Nooks.  It's very light, the archiving and rating process is much much easier.  Shopping is easier as well.  I'm in love with my Kindle and always compared the Nook, now I love them equally.  Of all the Nooks, I think this is the best one, I love it.  I only wish it was 3g.  Barnes and Noble still seems to have an issue with the syncing of books between the readers.  When I read on this Nook (just like the other 2), it doesn't sync with online so when I then use my Iphone I'm not at my current page.  In this area, the Kindle and Amazon know what they are doing.  I'm not terribly impressed with the choice of covers for this new Nook.  I'm waiting patiently for M-Edge to release their new covers so that I can use my M-Edge light with both my Nook and Kindle.
The Pros:
3192	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I didn't have too much trouble getting the USB variant to work (I used the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/NETGEAR-WNCE2001-Universal-WiFi-Internet-Adapter/dp/B007CO5DZ4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">NETGEAR WNCE2001 Universal WiFi Internet Adapter</a>&nbsp;to get wireless networking because the wireless version of this print server seemed a bit sketchy from reviews), but I'll put in the short instructions for more advanced users:
9262	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's label tape, it fit my machine, it's black on clear like the package said it would be. It's all good!
1076	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome card, no issues. Works well with my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Samsung-Captivate-Glide-Android-Phone-AT-T/dp/B0068PZ4IE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Samsung Captivate Glide Android Phone (AT&T)</a>. Formatted the card using the phone, loaded up the card with FLAC uncompressed music, all smooth. Check out the photos if you still have doubts.
8418	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Terrific for making adjustment in each individual EQ for vocals and instruments.  Can help each voice, and instrument, sound better.  Plus it gives the vocals a better monitor mix.
I will label a flashlight what bulb type PR-xx and where to buy it.  I label hard drives with the size, data I bought it etc so I can see that without removing it to read the label.  If it's for a customer I record the date installed.
What worked for me was *not* to proceed with adding printers in the print server installation process (this step failed anyway), but rather add printers and their drivers later (or before) as local printers connected to the parallel port, then reassign printers' ports to the respective print server ports.
Cons:
3583	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a SanDisk, of course it works. I've learned my lesson. Buy one with a name brand on it. I tried a couple no name jobs from ebay and it was a mistake...
4) then create an account, enter my credit card number (why do I need to do this at this time). Should only ask when I first order something from B&N.
6425	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product
4061	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great buy!

3581	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great
8002	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this as a spare so I have not used it yet.  It does appear to be of good quality.
She uses hers mainly to check things out from the Clark County Library District in Las Vegas.  Once we registered with the Library, we installed Adobe Digital Editions which is the digital rights management... that took some doing but once in place, you tell the ADE of the nook you have, authorize it, and then from that point on anytime you want to check out a library book you simply go to their site, check out the electronic version which comes into your computer where the ADE recognizes it and outputs it to your nook.

Or prohibitively expensive boxsets. ):
The Maxell XL2 is high bias, also known as chrome, position 2, and CRo2.  They are specifically engineered for music.  If you are recording rock, jazz, or classical the quality will surpass your expectations.
5205	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Works ok. Not worth the price tag new. I purchased refurb for half the price of new. Sounds is not CD quality. Sound is similar to FM radio as the device broadcasts over a FM signal. I live in a condo and placed 1 speaker in each bedroom and hooked the unit up to my stereo in the living room. Now I can listen to my Comcast Music Choice and CDs thru out my home.

2197	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just what I wanted

6835	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have always been impressed with the quality of Belkin cables and this one is no exception.  It works exactly as one would expect and is nice and flexible with positive connectors.
2473	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great and provides a steady fast charger to all of your devices!!!!
6275	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am just happy to have a source to buy blank videos--at such an attractive price!
My shipment had a mis-cut piece, and was missing 4 screws.  I contacted the Manufacturer, and they shipped me a replacement part and screws the very next day (Shipped out of Texas, so normal mailing times applied)
8900	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Fine, normal-use patch cable.
7452	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased the Garmin GPS III+ with the idea of using it on my BMW R1100RT motorcycle for "on-the-fly" navigation and related functions. This review is targeted at this specialized use.
959	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery at a fair price
I then received a reply as follows...
3551	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a good, inexpensive option for my camera. It works perfectly. Amazon sells it for less. Kingston is a reliable brand.
1715	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Wow, I really enjoyed this book.

2151	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great gift for Father's Day! I bought this for my dad, and he uses it almost daily. He loves it! Best gift ever for the person who can buy himself anything/ Best Father's Day gift.

491	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is not a high cost unit so i didn't expect too much.  It worked well and has given good service now for two years.  It could have a better cable management system on it, but I don't expect such frills at this price.  This is solidly made, no complaints
2525	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I happen to purchase two (2) of the USB ports and needless to say they do not work. I plugged into my car and after switching the cable and ports I realized that my SAMSUNG GALAXY 3 was NOT charging. My daughter Iphone 5 failed to charge as well.
593	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Warning, Do your homework before ordering a tv wall mount!!
8520	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this 1 month ago to replace a 10' VGA cable that was just a couple of feet too short.  The cable worked fine for a couple of weeks (it's only used on Sunday), but then it started to act up.  At this point I'm losing the signal altogether.
If you get this DVD player, you will not be disappointed.
*Yet, the Nook is heavier by about 3 oz then the Kindle or Sony.
6888	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My 4 yr old grandson loved it and was excited when he unwrapped it and immediately knew what dinosaur it was.  I was happy it didn't have a bad odor to it as some kids toys you order online do.
6417	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This wire does the trick for my portable WiFi router without having to lug around a long cable.  The three foot length is just right!
Microphone is compatible with the itouch 3rd gen.
I finally broke down and ran telephone wire to that room through the walls.  It was a pain, but I finally got my fax to work all the time.
The Nook comes with no advertisements and is a wonderful reading experience!  The touch screen is intuitive and responsive, the ebooks look great, and best of all, no hidden ads!
2083	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	the light shines through the blue cover, too distracting.  Black one's are fine.
The tapes have small pieces of plastic on the narrow front edge of each VHS tape which you can punch out easily so that accidental recording over an existing recording is impossible. If you do wish to record over an original recording then you can merely place a small amount of regular tape over the hole. The VHS tape is now ready to record a fresh recording.
Good value, and solves the old connected to new problem.
2716	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works
4599	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't work in my OEM Toyota cassette deck even though the description says it will. Anyway, bought a new stereo with bluetooth instead. The future marches on.

7945	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	looks cheap. works fine.
Focus tab is not really a hinder as others in the review had mentioned.
I have them stacked two wide by five high on a endtable, and the organizers can be wall mounted.

There are no cameras - and I could care less, but some might.  I'll take the superb screen, great design and build, and other nice features and be happy.  For the techies, it uses 1.5 GHz dual-core OMAP 4470 proc and 1 GB of RAM.  Not cutting edge, but plenty fast.  Benchmarks I checked were all pretty good and the Nook HD+ is very responsive in use. The back features a nice "soft touch" feel that I really like versus many tablets that have a slick back making them prone to being easily dropped.
8139	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought them to replace the ones I have in use that have broken clips. Next time I pull my computer mess err desk apart I will replace them.
A thing to note is that the RIO's internal memory and the external memory act as two independent recording mediums rather than a single seamless one. What this means is that you have to record tracks to the internal memory and to the external memory separately. If you happen to use Real Jukebox as your Rio interface, Real Jukebox will automatically flow the extra tracks to the external memory when you use up the internal memory. That's a great feature, but if you decide that you want to delete a track from the internal memory, tracks from the external memory are not shifted over. In essence, you need to treat each RAM module as an independent recording medium.
8884	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good.
7260	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, well made. We have two of these.
Just what I needed.
5280	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this item, then in afterthought read the reviews listed here.  So I was prepared for some rickety thing that had parts ready to fall off when you touched it, and a viewfinder that was as accurate as throwing a baseball at the tuner knob.  But the promise of awesome reception was all I needed to hear.
472	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Simple installation. Helpful to have a second set of hands at times, but could be done by yourself. Instructions aren't the greatest.
9671	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Prefer these over the plain black on white label tape that comes standard with the P-Touch labelmaker.  They are easy to peel (but cannot be re-positioned easily once you have placed them).  The ink also does not rub off of them which makes them more hardy.  I purchased them on Amazon at a fraction of what they cost at my local retailer (Office Depot).
2620	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this camping to charge two cell phones at once.  Each draws around an amp while charging and this seems to be able to supply it with no problem.  One port is labeled 2A and the other is labeled 1A.  I'm not sure if it can supply all 3A at once or not but it can certainly do 2A (1A on each port).
7208	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is solid metal with exception of nozzle and rubber grip. Grip feels like high grade rubber but still the kind of rubber that will degrade if exposed to chemicals or oils. My hose is broken but it pressure tested ok. I will update this review if it later turns out to be crap but so far I would say its a good unit over all.
4455	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is just as described, and it worked really well on my car player  I have no complaints. I would recommend this product highly. Ms. Willis
6426	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Product
8273	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a good binoculars. It is clear and light. Buy it only if you really need 16x magnification. At times, you will wish you didn't have so much of magnification. My next binoculars will be one with zoom !
5248	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this radio. I have two of them now and use them in our barns to keep the sheep happy and educated by leaving it tuned to NPR all day. They say that it is being discontinued so I might even get another one. The single speaker is great fidelity and I had a similar GE product many years ago and it also was the best radio for outdoor, beach or any other use where clear audio and good reception at fairly high volume is required. Buy one now before it is too late!

3508	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I Like the product, Its in good conditions. I happy with it.
79	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought for someone else.
- Nook(N) by barnes & noble
2154	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item took a long time to get  but is light weight and bright.
Great addition to anyone's music.
9028	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cleaned up DVD player that had been forgotten for a couple of years and was skipping horribly - great choice!

Better hurry up and buy now, before I get buy all!
8839	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a awesome case for the money no pun intended. This case hold my credit cards and id and spare cash i love it an would by several more.
7635	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
The eInk technology is fabulous. I can read all day (and do) without eyestrain. The letters are very crisp on a plain white background. Even better, you can adjust the font size from small to extra large. Not only that but the nook comes with several fonts: Amasis, Helvetica Neue and Light Classic. I'm happy with the Amasis as it resembles Times Roman.


4876	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This did not work at all in my CD/DVD player.  It will not advance beyond the first or second track - and so my CD/DVD player continues to skip.  I wish I had saved my money.  I was very disappointed as I thought this would be the end of the problem.  I have no idea why the CD will not advance.  I have had similar lens cleaners in the past, and this is the first time I've had this problem.
3465	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Google Nexus 7 charging cable went bad.  Then I ordered this cable and it works like a charm.  I was worried about my Nexus , thinking that it had gone bad.  When  discovered that it was only the bad cable, the replacement helped me a lot.
1810	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have really enjoyed this book, and purchased the rest of the series and read them all over one weekend. I found the characters well developed.  A family suffering from terrible disfunction but able to start to find their way out and learning to care, really care for one another.  So far the series is about self discovery in who they are, what are their passions, and how to be happy.  I am excited for more to follow.
8804	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Earbuds for a Motorola walkie talkie.  They are just what I wanted at a good price.  They work perfectly and were delivered on time as promised.
- ability to read word doc
9138	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good cleaner.
5908	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I think it's an excellent product, is a very good buy because it meets all my expectations. Highly recommended. Thanks
1944	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Working perfectly after nightly use for over a year. Very good even light distribution and bright enough to read easily without eye strain.
==========================================================
4587	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast Shipping. Love it.
Simon Lewis clearly understands China and Chinese people and also knows what is going on in the immigrant communities.  Very often in the US, were think about immigration we think about people from Mexico and Latin America.  We do not think about the cook at the takeout, or the girl bringing you your sushi, or how the person doing your nails got here.  THis book reminds us that immigration and immigration issues go beyond Mexico and Latin America.
7541	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My step-son says he doesn't think it will work on his computer system. Mostly because he doesn't want to glue anything to the components. I looked at this cable and think it's perfect for the job, as advertised.
2450	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This charger is useless to me. It won't stay in the outlet at all and doesn't seem to charge two devices at once. I got what I paid for....
307	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a television hanger with good extension. This did the job. I installed this in a closable TV cabinet that requires me to push the TV in and pull it out routinely. By loosing the nuts on the swinging parts a little, it now moves with very little effort. But the nuts are the kind that will hold their position, even when they are loosened so no worries of things coming apart. I have a 43 inch TV that it worked just fine on. Glad I bought this.

735	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well constructed wall mount for TV sets up to 37 inches. The mounting  plate has numerous holes for varius sets. Plenty of extra hardware provided. Price was about 1/8th of what it would cost on the open market. I recommend it highly.
9535	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit. Not problems. Thanks!
9243	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This recorder is an excellent piece of electronics.  It is easy to use, and has some handy features such as pause (while recording in the same message), fast playback, hold (to prevent inadvertant button operation),  and forward or back skip.  Holding in the stop key allows one to see how  much recording time is left.  The erase button is indented to avoid  accidents, and the user is prompted to confirm any erasures with a second  press.
3678	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This card works well with my GoPro. Lots of storage space in a small package. The price was fair for a SanDisk product.
There are radios that are a skootch above the Superadio in reception and sound - the C Crane CC Radio2 and Sangean PR-D5 among them. But the Sangean is at least twice as expensive, the CC Radio four times so.  For less than $50 you can have a high-quality radio that will serve you for many years.  Every household should have one.
8579	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Noticed no difference in my truck, same humidity and scent.  Absolutely no change, probably will not buy again.
5038	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've owned these for years. I used to fly two round trips a week, and I wore these constantly, whether or not there was any reason to (in flight entertainment, a CD player).
Unfortunately, the camera itself is a bit shaky when I record, but I highly doubt that has anything to do with the memory card. Regardless, figured it might be useful information to someone.
369	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
-I didn't care much about the LendMe feature of the Nook, but it was still disappointing to learn that not all purchased eBooks can be lent out. Publishers control which titles can be used for lending, and each book can only be lent out once....ever.
6338	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They are very good quality Ethernet Cables at a very reasonable price from Amazon.  The price is very competitive to those sold by big box electronic retailers in New York City.  I bought several cables at different lengths (25 feet, 15 feet, 7 feet, and 3 feet) from Amazon.  The cables met my needs in my home network set up.  I would recommend people to take advantage of Amazon Ethernet Cables offers.
It works ,but it not as advertised .This also doesnt matter but the light is Green not Red also as advertised
very comfortable.

Please stick with 60, 90, or 100-minute blank tapes. Anything higher the tape is thin and more susceptible to breakage.
188	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit for Nook!
SPOILER ALERT: I did not really believe the detective, who was so gun shy of relationships would ever hook up with the nurse. He didn't even like her as a person, so why would he? For this reason I gave it only 4 stars.
I am a fan of Amazon.com and meant to buy a kindle for my children. but the displayed sample on my local Bestbuy store showed me that the nook tablet responded much faster than kindle fire. It could not be generally true, but based on the displayed tablets, I had to choose the nook.
Will use it with my grand children as they get older.
189	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy fit for Nook. Looks good. Just like smaller version I got.
-There is also a little 1 ft wire that hangs off the back that i did not show.

8378	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nobody I know of has ever heard of these speakers, they all buy Altec Lansing, Monsoon, Labtec, Cambridge, etc... When I found these and got a good deal on them, I thought I would be playing catch-up to my friends (even though the Watt statistics hinted otherwise).  Let's just say that the sound is amazing, and my roommate with this $100+ speakers is very jealous of my gigantic Yamaha subwoofer.  These speakers don't look like much, but the sound is crisp, complete, and the bass is indeed something to brag about.
4) WHAT YOU NEED THAT ISN'T INCLUDED -  Pencil / Level / Stud finder / Phillips screwdriver / Drill w/ a 7/32 drill bit / Socket wrench w/ a 13mm attachment.
1353	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Well the Nook is very different from my laptop computer.
4779	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It worked fine, once I figured out , just by chance, how to work it.  There are no instruction included.  Except to listen to the instruction on the disc!!!
3943	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Immediately I inserted this to my phone


3907	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great producct, great price, and very happy with it!  We used it with my wifes Canon T3i and it was nice to see the pics on our 55" LCD.
5874	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	"thanks!"
My system consists of two sets of RCA Wireless Modem Jacks (a sender and receiver unit in each set) -- one set for the upstairs and one set for the downstairs (which appear to be on separate circuits and are not connected); a 3Com Bluetooth PC card for my laptop; and a HP 995 Bluetooth printer.
5159	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	ordered for a friend

3802	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use a car charger more than i use the wall charger, but the wall charger comes in handy at the house
When people around Jack start to die, he begins to question everything even as the police begin to suspect the body count that surrounds him.  He very much begins to believe that devils might be real, and one might come collecting for his soul.
4372	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The cable I received from ACC Stop is no more a Samsung Galaxy S (Fascinate) charger cable than the man in the moon.  This is a REGULAR USB cable.  The charging port on the Galaxy S is to only accept a mini USB cable shaped that is shaped for the opening provided.  Selling this as a Galaxy S charger is fraud.
7868	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Wrong size :-(


27	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect backup for existing TWC remote
*Discounted product provided for testing and review purposes. I have no affiliate with the seller or manufacturing company, and I did not receive any compensation for testing or reviewing the product. All opinions are my own and were not influenced by the seller in any manner.
Set up time was about 20 minutes, which is both good and bad.

80	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent cover. Very fancy and looks great on my Nook
5839	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yep, they're video tapes.  Work perfect.  Maxell quality.  Reasonable price.  5 stars.
7007	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great cable  I  needed something long and had a price concern, when I received in the mail I realized  this is a decent quality cable! Thanks
Right out of the box the Nook, made me happy and gave me confirmation of my long desire to own the Nook. My husband knew that I wanted it, but I waited trying to justify why I needed an e reader and to see if anyone of them would go beyond my expectations. The Nook did exactly that! For me the Nook was worth the money and time it took to decide on which one to purchase... Here is why I love the Nook, I can lend books to other, I can download from my library which is so awesome! I can surf the net for FREE!!!!!! no monthly fees like the i pad, It fits in my computer bag, purse, which makes it so easy to take with me, It has my favorite games, Chess and Sukodu! It was easy for me to download a ebook that I already have, but have been unable to read due to me not wanting to tote my lap top around, the book loaded right from my lap top to the Nook in no time... The amount of free books that are available to the Nook, and the daily free treats from Barnes And Nobles! Which will more than pay for the Nook over time. Being able to call Barnes and Nobles and talk to a live person over the phone and being able to walk in the store and get face to face customer service.


9050	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cleaner gets the job done.  It has helped us clean several dvd players and hubby used it for cleaning his dvd players on the computers.

As 10/100 Mbps hubs are readily available today, and are quite affordable, I think your money is better spent on the faster hub.
1343	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome tablet for the price!
So I figure that 7 years of constant usage is pretty good and I am not complaining and have even come back for more!
2171	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	All work as expected! Thanks
The only complaint that I have about this tablet is that the software running on it can be a bit slow at times. With hardware this great that is sad. A plain Android or iPad are snappier than this device, but it isn't so slow that it detracts from the overall experience.

This is only a standard adapter and the jumper fix is only for the "85791" Precision Pro. It will not work as a replacement unless you can do some work on it.
The USB cable - not sold anywhere so you  can't get a replacement. You HAVE to get 3rd party software to download MP3's  to the Rio because what it comes w/ is Useless.  The CDROM it comes w/ has  3rd party software that you can only use for 30 days, thankfully MusicMatch  and RealJukebox will take care of that.
7479	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well-made and handy.
3052	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this external drive when the built-in drive on my computer died. Buying an external drive was cheaper than hiring a computer repair person to come to my home and put in a new drive. The drive works OK, nothing spectacular -- it appears a little flimsy, but so far, no problems. I rarely use it, but bought it for those times when I want to watch a DVD movie or install new software that is delivered on a CD.
3- Browsing the web is ok, but using the small touch screen to navigate through HTML is not an easy task, especially since it is sluggish.
6764	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	the cable that comes with my Ipad was so short this item really has given me the freedom to plug it in where I want
5027	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ez put music on small nice works great!!
4970	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had some very stubborn contamination on my heads from copying some old vhs recordings and was unable to remove it with a couple of other cleaning systems I had but this one did the trick.
Its thin and not the best quality, but it works great. Snagless means that the ends are protected from being snapped off
I just can't see packing this kind of bulk in my scarce carry-on space. I don't see any payoff for the bulk in terms of the sound that you get: these simply sound quite mediocre with the noise cancellation off. With noise cancellation on, the sound is even worse. It's flat and lifeless.
5993	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
Please make sure the tape deck has clean heads or the great recording tape will not make a difference and you will get results that sound muddy.
905	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good value, good company
8962	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	have been using this cable for 3 months now with zero problems. ive got it running thru my apartment because our router is in my roommate's room. a quality cable that is reliable and dependable! i love it!
7585	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yep, it's a power strip.
I was completely in the dark about ereaders until just 2 months ago. I know during my research I found people that were experiencing  problems and were unhappy with every reader I checked into. If you were putting off getting a Nook because of bad reviews, I would give them another look. There has been 2 firmware updates already that probably addressed many of the earlier concerns. That's not bad for a device that was only released a short while ago. I'm sure there will be further updates as time goes on and it will get only better.
CONS:
6987	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say. It is a USB extension cord. I have had it for a while and used it for a few different devices and it has worked great on all of them, from an iPhone plugged into the wall to allowing me to relocate my printer to a more convenient area.
2 settings . very bright.
Tom Ryan is a Legend In His Own Mind.  Much like every child and artistic adult who grew up in an atmosphere that allows the imagination to develop and grow.  Reality is just a figment of our imagination to be bent, changed and shaped to our will.  But somewhere deep inside, perhaps at the core of our existence, deep within the soul lies a reality we cannot bend; we cannot change or shape to our will.  A reality we can only at best attempt to run away from and escape.
1762	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	LOVED THIS BOOK!  I had country music playing softly in the background while I devoured each and every page of "Country Heaven" by Ava Miles.  This was a contemporary romance with characters that you couldn't help but love.
6087	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought these to expand our intranet.  Easy to set password.  They work very well.

5051	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is without a double the 'best' shower radio I have ever owned.  The reception is crisp and clear and I love the pre-programmable stations.  It is also a very attractive radio and so when not in the shower with me, it looks nice sitting on my bathroom counter.  It's very user friendly; no complicated directions.  Perfect for us 50+ technically challenged.  I would definitely recommend this product to everyone.
Then it broke.
- heavy
I suggest that you purchase additional memory. Barnes and Noble only allocates 1/4 of a GIG out of 2GIG for your personal library from non Barnes and Noble books. One gig for software to run the Nook and 3/4 for books purchased from Barnes. The best buy for external memory is 8 GIG. I also suggest that your purchase one CaseCrown leather Regal flip case sold through Amazon; they are high quality for a reasonable price.
So I know a thing or two about using up a lot of space
In fact, sound quality is vastly better with other types of  earpieces and ear buds. In a normal room, no one will know you are using  it. In a car, it is slightly noticable.
9374	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Direct replacent tape that works as you would expect. I see no difference between this tape and the original tape that came with the label printer when new
4218	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kingston-4-GB-SDHC-Class-4-Flash-Memory-Card-SD4-4GB/dp/B000MX48VM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kingston 4 GB SDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card SD4/4GB</a>
4173	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product,, does what's expected of it.. Now I can
5342	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I decided I wanted a headset so that I could talk on the phone while doing work or cooking around my house.  I looked at both this Uniden headset and  the AT&T one that is also sold on Amazon.  Even though I read the  reviews on here that said this headset can easily break I went ahead and  bought one for cheap off the Amazon.com Outlet.  I used it for a few months  and was pretty happy with it.  It was comfortable on my head, easy to  adjust, sounded good, and I never got any complaints from people I was  talking to.
6317	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I received these today and updated the firmware from the Belkin website and had them working in about ten minutes (half of that was probably the upgrade taking place).

3698	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good value


886	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use on my sony camera. Works great no problems.
ultrabook with a SSD. No problems . Work as reported.
2933	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this is perfect . small and prize is right works better than other expensive dvd players .i recomend this dvd/cd player .
We now have three copies of every book we have purchased, one on the B&N site, one on my computer, and one on the Nook. With one Nook, it is pretty hard to share after she finishes, and although I can read the books on my PC, that just is not comfortable or practical.  I personally think $150 or so for my own Nook might be a little too much so I am going to look into a cheaper alternative. Walmart has one or two for under $120, one for under $90 that some people like.
Always prompt, never a problem.  Products I want.
1541	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ereaders have come a long way.  I tried the 4th Gen Nook with Glowlight, but like the 3rd Gen much better, it has the navigation bottoms, as well as the dark gray casing that make the text stand out.  I also think that the fonts are even better on the 3rd Gen as well.  It was worth the wait to have a great ereader at a great price.  Will be reading a ton of books on this device.  Happy Camper!
9997	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Been a little disappointed in performance so far. Hard to beat a Cobra full power. Works great as a backup or carry.
4768	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ran this through my car stereo a few times, and now the CD's play perfectly again. I wish I had known about this option before I replaced my last car stereo system for a similar problem. Apparently, after years of use dust collects on the optical sensor. This is definitely worth a try if your CD's have started skipping.
Finally, Sony had an excellent little hand-held cassette player/recorder, the TCM-454VK.  The sound quality of this machine is fine for recording nature sounds and children's music concerts.  However, I dropped this Sony machine, and it broke, and it is not manufactured anymore.  Instead, Sony does make a similar, newer model, but the sound quality of this Sony cassette recorder is garbage (please see my reviews of the newer Sony machine).  But this is not the fault of the tape. Sony TCM-200DV Standard Cassette Voice Recorder adds a high-pitched whining sound to your tapes.  A similar recorder, the Panasonic RQ-L31 Portable Cassette Recorder with Slide Microphone, adds a high-pitched chirping sound to your tapes.

5699	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Got these to help tame the mess behind my entertainment center. In essence, they work. They are simply velcro ties you can wrap around several cords, holding them in one, neat bundle. They aren't really meant for identifying cables,  but for holding several in a bundle. Because they work great, I can't give them less than 4 stars. $3 and change is pretty cheap, but if you wanted, you could do the same job with much cheaper products,  which is why I didn't give it 5 stars.
(3) Extra rechargeable NiMH batteries and a charger because the  one minor drawback of this baby is the way it eats batteries for  breakfast.
While in the B&N store, I immediately fell in love with the very intuitive and responsive touch navigation. It just feels natural. I did not even have to look at instructions or guides to figure out how to use the Nook. Great job on the UI design.

1651	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This type of fiction is not my usual fare. However, it was well written, and drew from mythology, as well as various belief systems. Offered as entertainment and not intended as persuasion. A good read.
Free shipping just took a little longer
9457	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is product of good quality.
6012	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Wish they were not being discontinued.  I count on them a lot !!
270	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is well written and has been helpful. I have discovered a few things that helped me to use more functions in my Mac Book Pro laptop.
I really wish Sharp had given the  output stage a bit more power, so it could drive a normal pair of  headphones.  If they'd done that and put in a pair worth more than $2, I'd  have given the unit five stars.
~eddie
This cable has traveled extensively - it was part of my travel kit when I was a road warrior consultant, and served me well in many US states as well as the Middle East on long and short assignments. Back to the strain reliefs: I would hastily pack and literally ball this cable up and throw it in my laptop case, yet the ends never damaged, which I attribute - in part - to the strain reliefs that kept crimps from breaking or fraying the conductors.
3701	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	go amazon
5723	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good job
4110	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good price!  Genuine!  Works in everything it has been put into..

Having the extra length allowed me to keep the camera close to me on the couch and view the breath taking pictures and 1080p videos that the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Canon-EOS-60D/dp/B0040JHVC2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Canon EOS 60D </a>&nbsp;is capable of.
1) Sound is thinner than a razor blade
1215	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ordered for a freind. As far as I know, his daughter is happy with it. I guess you could call him.
6645	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	OK

3570	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good memory
a steal at this price
4914	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought it because my aging Aiwa audio unit was skipping tracks in the CD player mode.  At first I thought it was the CD but every CD I played had the same problem to one degree or another.  I tried the Maxell cleaner and the player performance is much improved.  I wish I could say it's 100% fixed.  Perhaps some more applications of the cleaner plus spraying some canned air into the open CD tray will finally clear it up 100%,
Seriously!
3431	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as I expected it to. Using it in my Verizon Elipsis 7 and have had no problems whatsoever other than the Elipsis is a bit slow to load external cards.
5136	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this product for my brother to use in his camcorder. I don't know what to say except that they work just fine.
Once they finally started working, they sound pretty good for a low-end speaker system.
2878	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good
I also like the fact that when you are in the store you can read ebooks for free for an hour and download more free ebooks! For me It was the right choice for our family, as when we go to Barnes and Nobles with our children we can stay longer now that we have the nook and can receive free treats and more free ebooks! It pays for itself... These are some of the reason why I love my nook and I am excited that I received the Nook for a gift! I can not say enough about the Nook, I don't have to be tied to one book store like Itunes, Ibook, are the Kindle store... I don't like limits and the Nook allows me to be free to choose where to get my books from...

1) black on white and high contrast
You can connect one of this things to your router, another one to your ethernet device and you're done!!! no drivers, no hassle, the connection between them both are done by your house's electrical network.

4468	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Only thing that works on our old vcr
7385	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I'm glad that that has been disccontinued
8186	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	They sent a different product.  Does not say that is made by Belkin anywhere on it.  They sent me a RJ45 cable made by FOXXCONN #E204149.  This does not have the protected cover 'snagless' over the release lever, as shown in the picture/item description.  I'm not happy; I do not plan to buy from this company again.....

6499	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my Onkyo receiver which required a direct connect Internet connection to receive the dozen or so channels available (XM, Pandora, Rhapsody, etc.).  It is of good construction and looking (color) and adds some fun to my otherwise mundane system layout.  Live it up and try come of the colors available.
8496	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	excellent value
5857	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great hi Speed cable at a great price that i buy in advance for when i need them.  Works as expected. good shipping
9030	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised.


I may have gotten a defective unit.  I stopped using it and am seeking a refund.

After installing the Swing Arm wall mount, I grabbed the end of the bracket, fully extended. The bracket didn't sag a bit. I concluded that the supplied two lag bolts would have been sufficient.
5197	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The people leaving one and two star reveiws should of read the description and called and asked questions before they bought the RCA RC920.  Don't give something a low review because the item doesn't do what they imagined in their head it would do.  They work just fine for connecting your TIVO to your phone line.
1042	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	WWorks great, and with 64GB of space available, who could complain.  I use it in my DSLR with an adaptor, but the option to offload my photos to my Droid phone is great, since it is a Micro Card.

Not only can I use my NetFlix account but I also have full access to the Amazon Prime website to watch films and videos!

You can access to Sd card slot with adapter or using flash adapter, micro can go both!
In short, buying this machine was a bad idea when it was first introduced. Today, there must be literally scores of better models out there. Buy one of them instead.
4526	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work.
2722	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Units perform as expected/intended.

4745	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Like the way it worked
6895	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice.  This allows me to comfortably use my computer  while on my 55 inch bravia from the comfort of my couch. It has been stepped on, run over, chewed and generally mistreated and still works great. I bought them two years ago..

51	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It was great.
4831	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My 18 year old son wanted to watch the vhs recording of his ultra sound. I only had the sound of heartbeat but no picture. I bought this assuming it was because my dirty vcr that was dusty and packed away needed a good cleaning and this worked great! My son got to watch after it was cleaned a couple times.
1183	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	it's a limited device, but it fulfills its purpose very well.  Most of all, what I most wanted, it is great in bright sun. It's an e-book reader, and it performs very well as just that.
Now the down sides, which can be big for some people.  I am 27, and for a guy I have nails, which I need to get the backing off.  There is no split down the center like a crack and peal, so you have to try at the corner for a bit.  Once  you do a few you get a method down but it is still a pain if you need to label a ton of things.  (My label maker has an auto cutter so if i have to make 20 of the same label i turn it off, print all 20 on one strip, peal the backing off of the whole thing then cut off the labels one by one with scissors)  The second issue is chemicals.  I have tried to use them in the garage, but brake cleaner, degreaser and some oils will rub the ink right off.  It is weird because it is a heat ink so it must be a layer on top of the label which i am wiping off, but either way I had a flashlight and I tried to clean the oil off of it one day and the label became blank.  The sticker it self was awesome and stayed in place with no problem.
Turning on the noise cancellation was just as disappointing.  I immediately heard a hissing through the headphones, and barely noticed any reduction of background sound (a movie on TV).  I flipped the switch on and off to see if I could notice any reduction, and after a few minutes of testing, I discovered even their effective noise cancellation was 0-30% at the most.  My big can headphones with passive cancellation performed this well, and the sound quality is significantly better.  I took them back the as soon as I could.
2590	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Save your money!
624	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Like the various Adustablity, as I had an older model in my living room and it was hard to get it away from the wall when I wanted to angle it.


2953	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	thanx
4473	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Mandatory if you have an old VHS machine.  Just follow the directions on back.
5607	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Belkin has never let me down.  I had order 2 of these packages and used them all - and am ordering more.  I'm also ordering a longer length version.

1276	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my Nook Book. I bought several nook books and I am please with it. It is easy to buy books with it.. Try it you will not be sorry.

7230	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm! This has a lot of bristles on it. It's well made and has along reach so you don't burn your fingers.
1552	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	My Kindle broke and I replaced it with an extremely cheap Nook.  Since then I have been extremely disappointed.  I only expect three things out of an e-reader and was shocked to learn that the Nook fails on two of the three counts.
1326	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a Kindle for my wife last Christmas. She loves it and uses it more than any other gift I ever purchased her. She was having so much fun with it I decided to get an ereader for myself but I was drawn more toward the Nook. I read so many bad reviews about the Nook I wasn't sure if I should get it or a Kindle or maybe something different with a touch screen and wireless connection. I thought about it for a few weeks and noticed that the reviews started getting better. I decided to go for it. I ordered it last Wednesday from B&N and received it 2 days later. I am so happy I did. I didn't experience any of the the negatives I read about with exception that battery could stay charged longer. Talking about the battery, it's nice to know that you can change it yourself and at a much lessor expense than with a Kindle. I'll probably never need it but it's also nice to be able to add a memory card to hold more content. And the Nook just looks nicer in my opinion.
315	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product....Great seller....Thank you!!!!



6719	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Do you kill your controller playing hours of Skyrim like I did then get pissed sitting so close to the tv with the controller charging? Problemo solved. This extension reaches the couch. Thick sturdy cable.
4111	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with my purchase. I needed a AD card for my GPS to download updates, maps, and fun vehicles. This works great. No problems.
1596	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This fast moving story takes place over a couple of days in and around Leeds, England.  Two parallel stories intertwine and collide.  Inspector Jian, a rough and ready, old school Chinese policeman has come to England to find his daughter, a rebellious college student, who has left him an alarming message.  Fearing the worst, Jian is trying to track her down.  Seemingly impervious to his total lack of English language schools, he pushes, cajoles, bullies, or threatens anyone who might help him on his quest.  At the same time, Ding Ming is a newly arrived illegal immigrant with his wife, Little Ye.  He doesn't realize how horribly he is being exploited, and what "services" the smugglers have in mind for Little Ye and the other young women.  Ming and Jian's stories come together like a bad car crash, halfway through the book.  Then, they go careening around as Jian forces Ming, who has passable English skills, to help him out on his search for his daughter.  The twists and turns of the road they drive on match the twist and turns of the plot.  Simon Lewis keeps you on the seat of your pants, trying to guess what the next complication will be, and who will die this time.
4928	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good had no problems!  Fast shipping!
The underside of the circular part is flat with six flat rubber legs/pads upon which it rests. Therefore, it does not slip on my granite countertop.
6189	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	awesome
7715	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should and it's a great price!
6762	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works wonderful  got it in a few days and am very pleased with the product would recomend it to anyone
7936	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's a patch cable.  It was indeed 7 feet long and purple.
8604	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine. Well made.
3162	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works well. Installed it several times before I figured out how to get it to work. I won't go into how to install it cause there's enough info here on Amazon in the reviews for anyone to be able to figure it out. The most important thing to remember is that they set the default IP Address as one that is very commonly used so many people will have conflicts with other devices during set-up like i did until I figured it out. I will just say that the biggest let down is that it is falsely advertised as having "bi-directional communication" when it does not truly have that feature. If it would've then I would've given it 5 stars and I would've kept it.
Recently I tried to buy another one for work but couldn't find anything like it.  If you can find one, buy it!  ...and make sure to register it so Logitech realizes it's still popular!
7445	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like the unit. It is small & light weight. Reception is great...I  can receive all of my favorite stations very clearly without any static. I  am disspointed that Amazon advertises this unit as having 10 FM and 10 AM  pre-set stations. It only has 10 pre-set's total (5 FM and 5 AM). I highly  recommend this unit at the sale price of $19.95.
6500	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	satisfied
2650	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Got the car charger in the mail and it looked and performed exactly as it was advertised. I have not yet tried charging two devices at once. But charging my DROID Bionic works without a problem. There is an LED indicator for when the charger is plugged into the car "port" so be sure to disconnect the charger before you leave your car.
59	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Roland Smith's account, one of life for a teenage English/American boy in Burma, is marketed as a story for youth. It is indeed an outstanding book for young readers; however, this tale is equally interesting for all ages. Just because the main character is a 14 year-old boy, that doesn't diminish the intrigue of this tale.
I would also advise Bushnell to change their packaging since if they make a product that is this fragile they should pack it in thicker shock absorbing materials than they currently do since what they use wouldn't protect a product a fraction of the weight and bulk of this product. That would lessen the chance of catastrophic damage such as these were obviously subjected to.
6435	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product for connecting a switch and a router or modem. The connectors are very high quality.
7415	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	item came on time in excellent condition great service hope I can do business with this seller again highly recommended!
2226	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect product for connecting DVD player to TV. Highly recommend.
Problem 1: How can I connect my four TVs to internet when an update ins neccessary? Sure you have the propietary wireless USB dongle that costs a kidney and only works on the same brand tv, or you can connect one of this little (well not that little) thingies between your access point (airport extreme in my case) and your TVs and you're done!

1589	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect product & transaction

[Amazon removed my link.  Google "Root Nook Touch Using TouchNooter & Install Go Launcher, NookColor Tools, Gmail, Market & YouTube", it's the top link. ]
9426	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	No thanks.
1886	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my nook (since B&N didn't have it!) Good price and exactly what I needed. It also seems to be a better made product than the one that came with my color nook.

3808	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I don't use this very much, but when my Nuvi has sat in my car for a few months, I'll pull this baby out and let it charge overnight when I'm about to take a trip.  Works well with no problems so far.  A good buy!

Also, the fact that these cables come in multiple colors is GREAT!  You can have a different colors for each room (i.e., use blue cables for your office, white for the kitchen, etc.).  If you have a problem, it makes it easy, even for your young kid, to trace it back.  Internet not working in the kitchen but is just fine in other locations.  Check the white cable running from the router - you're using white in the kitchen. Or, if your kid looses Internet privileges to his games and computer, easily know what cable to unplug from the router!  Or, if you're needing a specific color to help hide a cable or match a color scheme, it's nice that you're not relegated to just one choice.
8849	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This car trash bag works great. It is convenient, easy to put trash in without having the trash fall back out, the bottom opens easily for emptying. Great design. Recommend it 100%.

2) Width is perfect for file cabinet folders, and handy for other stuff too
8144	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good wire to connect my ROKU to router. It enhances the speed as it is fast as compared to wireless connection
Writing Style: 4 3/4 Stars
Home Depot has a nearly identical mount for $90.



4774	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I give this 1 star because I cannot give it a negative number. We have one rather-new VCR left (after having had many), and I was using it to copy our old, important family tapes onto a hard drive to digitize them, make DVDs, and have them in a permanent medium. I got about halfway through when I was noticing the streaking of dirty heads. Not having any of our old head cleaning tapes left, I ordered this one from a company I used to trust for what I expected to be a one-time use. This is an S-VHS machine and the four tapes I was copying are a mix of S-VHS and regular VHS.
6611	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works good
Perfect, fully FUNCTIONAL!
8671	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice case at a very reasonable price.  Perfect fit to the Galaxy note 3
101	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works well, a little pricey I think for a charging cable, but then again, not losing the original would be a lot cheaper than any replacement
I have had two: one Kindle eBook reader (with keyboard) and one 10.2" Android tablet that I used as a reader mainly.
8226	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Since I was out of internal bays and I still needed a Zip drive for my PC, I purchased the Portable USB model and it has worked just fine.  No glitches in either the installation or operation.  I don't quite get the  translucent blue case (oh yeah, it works with the Mac, too) but other than  that, no complaints.  Now that is high praise, indeed, these days!
Target and other stores have stopped selling them as off-the-shelf retail, but I hope SONY continues to make this little C-battery shower radio and doesn't screw it up with any "improvements."
Do yourself a favor and keep your phone or tablet, spend $50 on this sd card, expand your music and movie library on board and consider it a low cost insurance policy.(As long as your gizmo supports mcsd expansion).
6595	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have always found Belkin products to be of high quality and well priced.  No exception here.  Gets the job done.
Not expensive.
-Basic, easy to use interface.
4660	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	it was terrible and did not work, I have already received a refund.
I gave it five stars anyhow.
6956	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I connect a USB item to these cables and, maybe, %25 of the time it works. I have to fiddle with it to really get any connection. I have older, worn out cables that work better than these.
2114	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Came as pictured and is perfect brightnes for reading.
3818	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	AWESOME! VERY RESPONSIVE & VERY GOOD QUALITY!




3190	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, once configured and the printer configured it is fast and reliable.

3563	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Fit inthe phone and worked fine.  It is tough to get enthusiastic about memory except as one ages and loses theirs.
7257	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Couldn't do without it. Perfect for what it was designed for. Sturdy, durable and will last thru many drive applications!
Belkin does not have the product p/n listed on their website any longer and does not even appear under the "discontinued" listings.
1661	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The description of the book is right-on and the story is well paced. It was my first time reading a story about the occult but it was very entertaining. It was dark with bits of humor sprinkled throughout. There are some twists you do not see coming while other events can be predicted. All in all it is a quick read that will leave you wanting/waiting to read the sequel.
3721	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality!

5428	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great for the price. if you don't feel like paying $30-$40 at an electronic store this is where to buy
2) Battery life is so long it is ridiculous. I don't think I used more than three sets of batteries in 7 years, and I use the radio every day.

Edit: I also have DSL but use 2Wire filters (not the generic filters provided by Verizon) for greater clarity.  A filter has to be placed between the jack and the wireless BASE unit for the wireless extension unit to function properly with DSL.
3605	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Simply the best for read/write speeds and reliability.
3324	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's just pop pop, click click on my Galaxy S4 and I've got 32 more gigabytes. You just move some of your memory hog programs over to the SD card and you are in business again.

This card still lets me use the fancy picture-taking features of my EVO 4G LTE (pictures with no pause between them), so I assume the card's speed is not an issue.
However, the accumulation of annoyances was a bit too much for me (let's say there was a nagging voice coming from somewhere... the other side of the bed).  I am returning all three - luckily B&N has a holiday policy that will allow me to return them, which is very cool of them.  They have not lost me as a customer; I have my books purchased from them and will continue to buy.

1064	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works as advertised if you don't try to get too clever. I wanted to take a short cut in copying off all my files from my old 32g microSD to this one, so I could use it in my samsung galaxy tab 7.7. First thing I did was put it in the galaxy tab and format it - 59gigs was yielded. Great so far. Then I used two separate card readers in an attempt to copy the files from the 32g to the 64g card. The computer prompted me, telling me that the new card needed formatting, and asked if I wanted it formatted to fat32. So, I clicked yes; although I couldn't understand the prompt, since I had JUST formatted the card using my tablet. Thats when the effluent hit the fan, cause the computer froze in the attempt and that microSD hasn't worked on either my laptop or my tablet since.
4919	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Although the product looks like it should work, it repeatedly gets rejected by my VCR. Was unable to get it to clean the machine and, therefore, this product is totally useless.
4216	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this card to be used in a cell phone. I tried it in the cell phone, my blackberry, a Canon camera, and my PC's card reader, but none of them would recognize it as a viable drive. It was D.O.A. right out of the package. I probably got one of the small percentage of these devices that are produced with a defect, but I have had good luck with SanDisk so I will return this Kingston card and reorder.
Side-loading documents: Wow, if you have any epub or pdf documents all you have to do is side load them and voila.  I do recommend a free program called Calibre, which organizes your books, helps you edit the tags, add a color cover, or convert to epub. Pdf is not very easy to read on the nook, but if you convert to epub it goes smoothly, unless there are alot of photos or images, which lessens the accuracy of the conversion. Calibre has even converted files like, Word-Doc, Html, Palm, etc. Calibre will let you pick and choose books to upload to the nook directly from the program; in other words it 'sees' the nook.
3522	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love these little memory cards.  This one went into my Garmin to increase its map area coverage.

4120	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap cheap cheap! Picture cuts in and out so you get a random black screen. It's very noticeable.
806	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Complete trash. You will spend more time trying to get it to work than actually enjoying the product. Once you finally get it to work the slightest movement will mess everything up
2903	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	my laptop didn't come with an internal so I bought this, what a deal

8302	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this binocs for a tiger safari in India and am amazed by the quality of this product. Certainly recommended and a great value for price. AAAAAAA plus quality.
The one hiccup was the plate that attaches to the monitor - while it had all the screw holes in the right place for our monitor (Viewsonic 22"), one of its "wings" extended over and blocked the cord and DVI sockets on the back of the monitor. I had to do some judicious hacksaw work to provide access. This had no effect on the strength of the mount, since it was all past the screw holes. But be aware a little additional work may be necessary on your install.
The liquid cleaning solution is inside the cassette in a small compartment.
I have also downloaded music that I can listen to and have my ear plugs for that, I have also downloaded several books which was so easy to download that I was shocked! I like getting my monies worth, and not having to pay extra monthly fees.
4504	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My job involves wearing earphones ALL THE TIME.  so if they are tight, my ears get sore and especially where my eyeglasses go behind my ears.  These are perfect with really good sound.
8083	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed this for my computer and it works just as I need it too. Nothing more, nothing less. Would suggest to anyone with a computer.
Also, move the jack while listening and the sound will crackle/disappear for a few seconds until you get it back.  That may just be my mp3 player slowly dying, though.


6475	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased because I needed a replacement and the price was right. No complaints.
7126	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product as described.
1526	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This stupid thing died on me within the first 3 months. The screen froze and it would not power on. I called Barnes and Noble and they said that they didn't have that serial number on file. Hmmmmm....
6206	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this cable daily for 40hrs a week minimum and another cable at home for mice and keyboard and it has not shown a single sign of tear. I connect it with a mouse for work and at home I use it to extend the length of a 3 port USB hub that runs a mouse and keyboard.
4833	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It did clean my cds. I think it's the player. Spits out the cds in cold weather.
by this story comes when the reader starts to wonder how
> To adjust the volume, click the + or - toggle at the bottom of the player
5602	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does just what it is suppose to. Great signal, etc.


-Articulating:  corner mount for SMALL TVs

2885	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Would not work. Tried on 4 different PC's/laptops with different OS's.
This radio met all my needs with the added bonus of being water-resistant. (I must admit I am baffled by the term as EVERYTHING is water-resistant to one degree or another.)
7593	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine, no problems so far.  Fast shipping.  Thanks !
3221	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect/

8271	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	When I buy these I generally get them for $3 each and buy them five at a time.  They last a few months and then die.  The weakness is the connection of the wire to the headset.  It is weak and eventually fails.  But they work fine until they fail.

1. Focus area sharpening 2. Selectable autofocus area 3. USB 4. QuickTime capture
8779	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This device does not work.  I was trying to use it to plug into a walkie talkie and after a number of tries, I just ended up throwing it out.
617	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is perfect for what I needed it for. I can move the screen from side to side if I need to and I don't have the TV sitting on my desk.....
7736	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	they are just fine
The major characters of this story are Daniel Hutchinson and his best friend Lucas Ridale and his clone.  The year is 2073 in Pittsburg. The city has been attached by nuclear warheads and Dr. Helmsby (genetics genius) behind the scenes saves the lives of college students and scientists from the evil TransGenCorp  General Idris who is behind the attack and the creation of "shifters" and programmed assassin clones that are genetically altered green eyed creatures of various sizes who rape, kill and eat humans.
7180	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I tried this to use a fax two floors above my Vonage phone modem with fax outlet and performance was very spotty.  Sometimes it worked, but many times I'd get a "poor line condition" error message when I tried to fax.
- LCD touch screen. This is one of those gripes I find somewhat warranted.  This is definitely the reason for the shorter battery life (set it to sleep after 10 or 30 seconds, and brightness to about 15%) but my biggest gripe is that it can be unresponsive at times.  I never once, however, found the navigation to be clunky or as unresponsive as some people claim... but I think these gripes found in earlier reviews has been remedied through a major update to the Nook firmware.  Yay!  I found the navigation to be highly intuitive and the built in dictionary highly helpful.
1090	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a great addition to my Xoom tablet. Works great so far and I haven't had any issues once I got it working. However, it took a bit of tweaking to get it working. It comes formatted exFAT which is not recognized by the Xoom. Attempting to format it as FAT32 on my Windows system failed so I tried it on my iMac. It worked just fine and once formatted I used Acronis True Image Home 2012 with the Plus Pack to clone my 32GB MicroSD card to the new 64GB card. All apps, and data transferred correctly (even apps installed on the SD card). Only time will tell how reliable this new technology is but I've always had good experiences with SANdisk in the past.
4278	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This did not work very well. One phone nearly burned up. I plugged another galaxy 3 into it and it kept beeping.
5582	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	All these are is colored velcro with a small piece of fuzzy on one side. I expected something a little more custom & professional from Belkin. Honestly could have made these myself for about a buck had I known.
7963	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Plug it into that thingy, then into the other thingy, and it works, with not much $$$ required from your thingy.
For this price, even if your on the fence for trying this A) for your working disc players or B) maybe trying to to fix one that hasn't been behaving  I'd give it a shot.  Great Value either way.
3296	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
3632	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works quite well. No problem with installation.
(2)  Both IIIs that have stopped working for me did so because the on-off (silver) button while appearing to be in the down-on position in fact wasn't low enough to turn the III on.  Fortunately one can solve this problem by wedging a dime between the button and the case.
9972	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Very week.  I bought the external antenna and still week.  I don't expect super distance but 1/4 mile and signal gone.
The only reason why you should buy this flimsy, overpriced  "hard case" is if you have a LOT of money to blow, care more  about looks than functionality, and don't care if your Palm actually gets  damaged.  This case will pop open when you don't expect it, and who knows  what will happen to your Palm's panel.


4411	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product at a Great Price!
Predator of Darkness ends leaving the reader hungry to read the next in the series, Beyond the Darkness.
4093	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great ,,ran from basement all the way to the 2nd floor TV

4. Finally. You can take your Nook to B&N and read any book for up to an hour. Recently I went to grab some coffee at B&N and wanted to read a book on Ireland. Popped open my Nook, connected to the B&N network (already programmed into your nook for ease), selected the book I wanted to read from the list I searched on, and wam-bam I was reading a book. You can read lots of books on one Nook from their online selection without having to lug 20 actual books that you wanted to compare before you bought.
2073	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it!  Almost broke the on off mechanism, but was able to put it back in place.  Easy to direct the light beam, making reading in bed easy.
1117	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This. Simply. Did. Not. Work.  Companies have to work hard to annoy me, and this product annoyed me on every level.  I plugged it in and all that happened is that my 2nd monitor flashed on and off repeatedly.  I have a similar adapter that works fine, so it's not my computer.
The cleaning tape fed into the units just fine and there were no jams or hang ups.
2751	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is a dead on match OEM for TomTom / Price is outstanding other box retail stores twice as much.

4167	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Disappointed because I usually enjoyed my Kingston products. But this SD card doesn't perform up to specs. It is rated class 4, which means it should be writing at the very least, 4 MB/s. However, the best this card is doing is around 2.5-3.4 MB/s. It only touches 3.4 after a long build up. I have a non class rated Sandisk that is blowing it out of the water at around 5.5 MB/s. This is using the same file, same adapter when testing. The numbers show this during file transfer via Windows 7 AND during a test using H2testw program. After hunting around, it seems that this is an issue that some others have had with Kingston class 4 cards. The speed is important to me since I'm running it in a tablet and it lags when the card is no good.
Now there are some things to know about this product however.  First you get a CD that allows you to download maps from your PC to your Steetpilot.  It works over either serial or USB (USB goes to a 32MB memory card that you can plug in).  The CD contains maps of the US BUT... you only get to select one region of the US for free.  The rest of them you must pay for from Garmin for approx $116 a shot ($291 total for the total US).  You can purchase this online at Garmin's web site and they will give you a key to open up the different regions. The base map. the one built into the Garmin, on the GPS is still "good" for the whole US but the CD give MUCH better detail.  I am not complaining about this since the maps seem pretty up to date.  The road I live on is 2 years old and no other mapping software to my knowledge has it as part of their data but the Garmin software did.
*Furthermore, the USB lights up depending on the current being drawn and thus flickers when something is trickle-charging.  Know what this means? It means you can tell AT A GLANCE if your device is 95% charged!!! Do NOT top-off your battery-powered devices to 100%! The "memory effect" is a myth.  The real culprit is topping-off your battery.  Charge your devices until the USB flickers and then remove them.
One of my Co-workers loaned me his Kindle 2 for a couple of hours so I could get a feel for both devices before I made my decision to purchase. I am not going to bad mouth the Kindle 2 as I am sure it is a fine device. My decision to buy the Nook was based on a few key features I thought important enough to sway me one way over the other.
7602	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works perfectly as expected,  the 90 degree orientation on the last plug is a nice touch

At Staples, they didn't have ten foot ones, so I would have had to buy two short ones for about $20 each.
As far as downloading books, I downloaded books the other day and before I could blink they were on my Nook!

I love it.
7564	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good article and of excellent quality.

9392	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just like I've purchased in office supply stores for years, but a great price.  I've been using the tape for several days and works perfectly.  Recommend to anyone.

- Does what it's suppose to do with excellence.
Overall, a very good camera that can give you very good photos (and that means printed photos). Also, keep in mind that the final price ends up rising, since you're likely to need at least the following accessories: A Bigger CompactFlash card (48 MB or 64 MB), At least 4 NiMh 1600 batteries + a charger, and a decent case
4006	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	WORKED GOOD
7587	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was a great deal and I really like the extra length for my sewing machines to be on either side of a long table.
8596	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Personally, I love this keyboard.  No one is more resistant to change than I am, so it is highly unusual for me to try, let alone use, such an untraditional-looking product.  This keyboard does take a little getting used to--make no mistake about that.  The hardest thing for me has been finding the "6" key (across the top)--it is on the left "half" of the keyboard, a fact which my right hand sometimes has trouble remembering.  Yes, the arrow keys are a little small, and the Insert-Delete-Home-End-PageUp-PageDown keys aren't really "instinctively" positioned, but the Delete key is the only one of these that I use a great deal, and it is still at the bottom left of that set of keys, just where it should be.  I use a standard keyboard all day at work, and I have no problems going back and forth between the two, so that should not be too big of an issue among prospective buyers of this product.
5960	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They're serving the purpose
There is another iPad cover sold on Amazon that is a big seller, at around $20+, made of a synthetic material.  It is much lighter, and also turns on when opened.
2483	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The plug arrived on time and I use it every day in my car.
8837	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	If you want to convert your VHS video tapes into digital format and don't want to purchase an expensive video capture card, this is an alternative.
5647	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used this DVD Drive Cleaner first on my Magnavox DVR hooked up to my cable box.  Before cleaning I was starting to get pauses during playback of purchased or burned (from magnavox DVR disk) Movies.  After Cleaning, PROBLEMS SOLVED.  I used the allsop first because of the carbon edge aspect to remove static particles, and with 8 brushes on the disk, it did a great job cleaning.  DVD Movies now have great color and look sharper.

9246	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The perfect fit for my machine.
Additionally, my Dell computers are equipped with holes through their metal cases through which to pass a lockdown cable. However, the head of the cable is too thick to pass through those more secure holes...

596	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it was so easy to install.  the instructions were simple and so was the process.  i was putting off the project for fear.  i should have hung the TV long ago.
7089	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well, with no signal glitches. For an electronic device extension
400	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
2812	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It's anti glare coating is pretty strong, so if you are sensitive to the grainy effect it causes, I do not recommend buying this.
5330	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I am not an audiophile, but I do care about the sound I hear. I bought this headset last week mainly for the time I spend removing snow in winter. I wanted a headset that covers my ears well, while sounding OK. I thought this noise cancelling phone would be a great choice, especially because my snowblower is terribly loud. Well, it does cover my ears comfortably well, but unfortunately thats all that is good about this headset. It isn't particularly great sounding, and the biggest disappointment was noise cancellation - rather the lack of it. It is hard to perceive much difference between NC being on or off!! It does suppress some, so I know it is on, but it can hardly suppress anything real. I quickly gave up any hope about its use with snowblower, but I then found it cant do much about the sound of my home's furnace as well - which is barely audible even without a headset.. bummer.
I thought the thin cord may break easily but it hasn't.
Once you upgrade the firmware, you'll be able to control the equalizer, backlight options, and playlists.  The firmware upgrade is available at the Diamond Rio site.
The outside of the small safe is plastic and the adhesive worked great on the case.  I now secure it to a fixed object and have some level of security.  Not many solutions out there for securing file safes to fixed object, that I could find.
I get these for free back when I worked for IBM. We were moving out of a client site and moving our assets out of that client company. I have a stack of these things and was told to throw them away. I decided to keep them as they were near brand new, some still had the product inspector's card in it. I cleaned up the leather and conditioned them.
5161	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I returned because it was not why I needed.  I thought it was mini and was not.  Not their fault.

5387	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use.. Works perfectly on players and computers
Positives:
607	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a 47" TV and had no place to put it in my bed room. With this mount it use the space i had a poster hanging. Very easy to install, came with all hard ware.
It does not deserve those nasty reviews!
I got one of these Yamakasi 30's to add to my work computer and I liked so much I bought another.  Note to self, a Dell XPS 8300 mid-sized tower does not come with two DVI-D/I ports and the mother board would not take a PCIe x1 card.  Doh!  It was sad to see the second display sit in the box for a week while I sorted it out.  I finally replaced the stock baby card with the low end EVGA GEFORCE GT740 that has two DVI (one -D, one -I) ports.  Both displays run at full resolution 2560x1600 resolution despite the display adapter's max resolution rating being less than the combined resolution of the two displays.  8.2 million pixels!  Its a good thing.  Maybe the only thing better would be 20 million with five of these mounted vertically in an arc around you?  I am going to try that some day.  This is not a video card review, but now you know it works.  I have yet to stress test it to see if it toasts the little power supply or strange things like artifacts start happening.  For those of you who haven't done the math, its definitely not a gaming or 3-D CAD worthy display adapter.
18	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Came with a "bright house networks" logo, but worked on Time Warner box perfectly.
1248	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it is really good and portable i can take it when i go to Florida. though it does not have a back light, i truely enjoy it.
5601	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	ty
1947	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	hammerhead shape spreads light evenly on page for easier, better reading
119	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine but too expensive.
6753	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	VERY GOOD PRODUCT EASY TO USE
2070	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Though I've only owned this light for a month, I haven't had any bad experiences as of yet. The light it emits is just right. My son even likes to take it and play with it like a flashlight (he's only two years old).
1607	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Human trafficking has gotten enough exposure in the last ten years that its worst excesses no longer have the power to shock and distress as they should. Which perhaps also helps to explain why it periodically pops up as the basis for fiction and film, as in this rapid-fire thriller. The twist this book provides is one of perspective -- instead of seeing human smuggling through the eyes of a sympathetic Western law enforcement hero seeking a young Westerner who has disappeared in some exotic locale, we see it through the eyes of a Chinese policeman trying to find his daughter in England. The classic fish-out-of-water device is given fresh life here, simply because we're not used to seeing the West as a foreign land filled with strange signs and cultural cues. But non-English-speaking Chinese cop Ma Jian is almost completely adrift in and around Leeds as he struggles to find a Mandarin speaker to help him.
1675	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This book was the first download onto my kindle so it was more of a test purchase.
It's simple and straightforward.  On, off, brighter, and dimmer - that's it.  Picture is good and with a quick response time.  I absolutely love having soo much space on one screen, as it makes it possible to view my larger spreadsheets and Project files with so much info all at once.  I haven't used it for CAD yet, but I think it would be a good choice for that.
5776	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Had to recover information from an old computer. This worked perfectly.
994	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We use this SD card in our tablet and it works quite well.  It's big, fast, and works seamlessly.  It came very well packaged.
Bottom line:  if you're looking for an affordable tablet for reading and downloading Android apps, give this one a try.  I'm a pretty harsh critic of such things, and after having mine for about a week, I am loving it more and more each day.
8381	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Earphones work well and are comfortable enough. No, they aren't extremely fancy but they don't seem to distort the sound. When we practice the piano it sounds the same with the earphones as it sounds without earphones. I can't hear the kids practicing when they use them, which is why we got them. YEAH!
4031	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	EXCELLENT PRODUCT AND A VERY pleasant online shopping experience !!!
1919	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	A couple of reviews I read of this book said that it would be useful for business travelers.  WRONG.  First, the vocabulary in this book contains very little that would be of use to travelers for either business or pleasure -- who typically don't need to know words for things like "dog," or "cat," kitchen appliances, bedroom furniture, or articles of clothing.  Second, the vocabulary in general is extremely basic.  Things like colors and numbers, while important, are hardly worth buying a book for.  Anyone who took as little as a year of French in school, even if that was 20 years ago, will likely be beyond the grade level offered here.  Finally, the design is cartoonish -- more like a child's coloring book than something that would appeal to most adults.  I admit that I found the stickers kind of cute and enjoyed pasting them around the house in anticipation of my upcoming trip to Paris, but their value in refreshing my college French -- let alone teaching me anything new that might be useful -- was extremely minimal.
5532	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not a whole lot you can say about a cable. It works. It has held up now for several months (I bought this in the spring) so I deem this a good quality cable.

3769	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	as promised
His alleged father also leaves him a DVD message which says in effect - Sorry old chap, but I kinda sold your soul to a devil when you were born, and hey, your time is almost up.  Obviously this isn't the sort of message one wants to get from one's father, but to make it worse, people he needs help from start dying in mysterious and terrible ways, and he repeatedly gets the message that he's on the way to hell.
293	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I'm glad that I bought this little book as a reference & a learning tool, as I'm finding that I didn't know as much as I thought!!
  Although some may consider this a backdoor approach into characterization, it worked for me.
5412	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Came in handy
8182	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Came on time as expected - thank you Amazon. Works as expected - thank you Belkin. What more is there ? Plug it in !
3811	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like to know that when I need a device I can use it when I feel like so the need to have it ready and going made me get this at home charger for my Garmin. Now I can go and around on foot and know that where there is an outlet I can charge up again and go. SLM
4496	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is true:  I was gonna take my VCR/DVD player into the shop, because it suddenly wouldn't play any VCR's or tape them either!  I tape almost everything I watch, to view later at night or in my camper van which has a TV/VCR in it.  I camp all the time, at trailheads, campgrounds and ski areas!  This was the 2nd time this occurred... playing just fine one day, and the very next time you turn it on, nothing but black and gray snow!  I didn't think it could be a cleaning problem, because I'd used my "dry" head cleaner on it several times without success.  But it turns out that the "wet" type cleaner is much better, and it cleans more components inside the VCR than the dry one does.  Just before taking it to the repair shop :($70.00+!), I received this cleaner from Amazon and gave it a try.... BINGO!  Perfect picture again!  And no problems whatsoever since.
5195	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This device did not work for me. They use the electrical wiring in your home to send and receive the sound signal. That electrical wiring can also carry a lot of noise from electrical appliances and even from light dimmers. In an apartment the noise is increased by all the electrical devices used by the neighbours, so in my case it was very noisy making the RCA adapters a total waist of money. I found a similar device that uses 2.4GHz and it works great for me. But the device called DualJack could potentially interfere with other 2.4GHz signals like a computer wireless land or even wireless phones, so far I have not had any interference. You have to try them and see what works for you.
4494	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The photo of these on the Amazon listing only show one cord exiting the left ear cup, but in fact there are two cords, not one. But besides that, the sound quality isn't that good. They're not uncomfortable to me though.

4900	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I know that it's not every day that someone goes looking for a cassette tape anymore, but by a freak chance, I happened to need some cassettes in a hurry for a church service (they don't have a CD setup). So I first looked at the local stores, which was of no luck, so I naturally went to Amazon, and was once again saved by the massive selection.
150	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
4)  The backlight is very weak -- a poor choice of LED's

For the first few days I left the monitor on the built in stand, but then I removed the stand and mounted the monitor on a swing arm that is attached to my desk using the vesa mount.  While I was happy with the stand, the arm gives me the flexibility to tilt or swing the screen closer, depending on if I raise or lower my chair, move around etc.  I was initially concerned about the vesa mount because I thought the monitor might not be sturdy enough or built solid enough, but those fears were quickly put to rest. Mounting the unit was quick and easy....and yes there really aren't any instructions that come with the monitor so you're really on your own. There is an on/off button and two brightness (up or down) buttons on the bottom right of the monitor.
7114	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had to buy a printer cable for my Epson 890.  When I priced around, this could not be beat.
382	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its great for our new ultra thin UltraHD 4K TV. Sweet wall hugging setup. Thank you.
2209	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice and bright, I bought three, one for each of my sons. Sturdy. Batteries life is long...the first set I put in are still going!
6457	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	needed a new patch cable and this one was a good buy and works like a charm.  No problems with this order.

This is an excellent radio and is great when it is on sale.  The regular price is excessive, though, even for this level of quality.
The ear and bow portion pull out so you don't have to take the necklace off to insert it in your computer, like some of their other flash drive necklaces do. The down side of that, however, is that it might be easy to lose. At the party, my cousin loved it and put it on immediately, and then the bow drive portion fell out and was temporarily lost in the yard within the first five minutes. It's probably going to be less of a concern with adult wearers, but something to keep in mind if you're giving it to a child.
We connected both ends of the cable, turned the printer on, then booted Windows.  Vista automatically detected both the adapter in the cable, and the printer itself, and installed drivers for both.  We didn't need to click anything, and we didn't need to use the driver CD.  It was about as painless as it gets.  I didn't even need to disable bi-direction support (although I don't think the LJ 2100 has much in the way of bi-di support beyond self-identification).

2126	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had of these book lights for years and its great. Bright. Battery lasts a long time. Easy to clip to book and position of the light. The light will illuminate the whole page on paperback and medium size books, but on larger book you might nee to move it around some.

Well-made product. Sturdy. I highly recoomend
9540	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
1549	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my son for Christmas.  He had the Nook Color and didn't like the fact that the battery drained so quickly.  He only used it for reading and uses his computer for internet and gaming so this Nook was all he needed.  He loves it and has been able to keep it charged for much longer periods.
5307	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I had these for only a few weeks and they have quit working entirely.  Fiddling with the cord doesn't help.  For $50, I expected much better quality.  I am sadly disappointed and will not buy any headphone that says "Maxell" again - you can't trust anybody these days, they've all gone for cheap and to heck with quality.
(4 stars because I must say that I like the memorex brand one a little better ... just because the audio tracks are easier to navigate.)
6329	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good. Does what it was bought for.

With printer off, plug RJ45 internet cable into computer and into print server, and plug power into printer server. Turn on printer.
305	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I am using this mount for a 27" LCD in my bedroom. Using a swivel mount with tilt works great for almost any room layout. The black powder-coat paint matches the TV, and looks great. Adjustment and locking is easy with the included hex wrench. I would rate this "5 stars" if the mounting screws were better. Made from relatively soft steel, the screw head strips very easily. After ruining one screw, I replaced it with a large black deck screw. It might be advisable to drill small pilot holes before attempting to drive the screws.
2259	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The headphones work perfectly fine as in I can only hear in one ear. It was a type of headphones I never had before you can even pause videos while watching on YouTube which was convenient. The reason why I gave it one star is because in the short days I own this headphones when I place it somewhere I come back to find it broken I'm just confused by it all it doesn't really make sense to me how my headphones can break just by sitting it down somewhere. If you buy these headphones please don't adjust the ears to it because it'll break easily. It was a waste of my money and time. It's pretty much a cheap knockoff of the Beats headphones just saying. the photo shows what I ended up with when it broke, I can't afford to buy another headphones. The cord / wire ended up becoming in a not so I couldn't untie it if I did it would have broken the headphones completely.
CONS
Right-angle plug
8) it took me a few mins before I can get the menu to be stable, then change to a smaller size. The text now reads fine. But the "next page" , "previous page" buttons are too hard to push, it takes a hard push to get it to work.
2764	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Una vez mas caigo a los pies de Posteguillo. La narrativa espectacular te lleva de la mano por la historia real caminE por entre las batallas lideradas por Publio sintiendo desde olores hasta temperaturas sin recibir ningun danho Gracias me tome el tiempo ahora de escribir un review despues que termine el libro siguiente a este La Traicion de Roma. Leerlos en Spanish fue maravilloso se los recomiendo eso si si les gusta la Historia Universal .Anita Figueira
I tried plugging the transmitter into my stereo's headset jack, but it didn't work well, because the output was too low. I'm going to cut the plugs off of the Y adapter or make an adapter with bare wires and try using them as the rear (effects) channel of my home theater.
3286	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Price !

9489	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This label tape is awesome. they work very well. very efficient. very cost-effective on Amazon. just some good label tape.
I'm very happy with my purchase.
8047	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's a shame they don't show pictures of the inside of this bag.  The top opens up and then the front zips down to reveal 3 mesh pockets meant for flashcards, floppy disks, and cables.  Actually, I use mine for a camera/binocular set I was given.  The point-and-shoot camera and compact binoculars fit in the main compartment easily together with the divider.  The mesh pockets don't hold bulky items, but it's good enough for a roll of file and a simple camera cleaning kit.  So I have the basics ready for travel in one small bag.
My wife is getting on and set in her ways so I see no reason to disturb her Zen with new Tech.
9100	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to clean my grandsons PlayStation 3 and it works very well. I was happy to see that i can also use it to clean the Cd Dvd drive on my new laptop pc. Highly recommend!!!
4992	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	For old vcr's this cleans the heads very well.  I still have many old vcr tapes that I have not replaced with blue ray/dvd and it is important for good viewing to clean the vcr every so often.
6878	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little fan.  Forget the large number of batteries needed because it comes with the recharging cord and a charge will last over 3 hours on high speed.  It blows a good amount of air for such a small, compact, lightweight (without the batteries) fan and it's quiet.  We bought it to be used at a hotel in the Caribbean that has an open air (non air conditioned) dining room and it worked great.  In fact it was a life saver on our trip.  I just ordered a second one because while it blows a lot of air, it has to be directed right at you to be effective.  We thought we could both get the breeze from one fan, but that didn't work very well.  We each needed one.

5771	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality and as attractive as a toilet brush and holder can be. Compares in quality to ones that cost three times as much. Really like keeping it off the floor. The brush is quite stiff, but is relatively small to work in the newer toilets with the smaller outlet hole, but still not small enough nor flexible enough for my toilet. Any brush or mop will fit in the container, but then you lose the nice looking handle. This is the second one I have purchased.
What I like about Advent:  the sound is slightly better; the battery recharging is easy (plug it in and it recharges); they are more comfortable than the Sonys.
I would get another one. I think it is perfect for photographer who likes to show off their pics.
9021	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely fantastic, my recorder stopped formatting my DVD-Ram disks. I had used the recorder approximately 1 yr, After using Maxell's DVD cleaner disk, all is back to normal. Great product even a simpleton can use it, follow on screen instructions and you are home free.
No Cons.
-Free eBook Fridays via the Barnes & Noble store
Update Jul 2012: I've installed Cyanogen 7, which works with button savior.  I had trouble installing from .zip booting into recovery but was able to install without a hitch using a bootable microSD card.  Fonts are sometimes a bit big, as is line spacing, but in general, CM7 frees you of the B&N walled-ness, even as somewhat mitigated below.  Netflix doesn't work, and Google Chrome won't run on Android 2.3.  Headphone jack a bit intermittent - need to wiggle wire sometimes.
6861	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have small children who often put fingerprints on our kiddie DVDs.  Typically, I clean them by "breathing" on the dirty DVD and using the inside of my T-shirt to wipe clean these DVDs.  However, I began to look for another solution that didn't involve my T-shirt.  This product ... the Allsop CD and DVD fast-wipes looked like a possible solution, so I ordered a pack.
5696	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased many of these Belkin Velcro Cable ties over the past few years. They are well made and very useful.
0	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the best novel I have read in 2 or 3 years.  It is everything that fiction should be -- beautifully written, engaging, well-plotted and structured.  It has several layers of meanings -- historical, family,  philosophical and more -- and blends them all skillfully and interestingly.  It makes the American grad student/writers' workshop "my parents were  mean to me and then my professors were mean to me" trivia look  childish and silly by comparison, as they are.

4359	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These were really inexpensive and they work just like I wanted them to.
2635	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like the blue light and it is not as bulky as a normal usb double plug.  I have nothing else to say.
I'm using the monitor in a dual-head sitting beside and HP 30" supplied by work.  The height on the HP is adjustable to exactly match the Yamakasi.

These cables and adapters do just that. No problems, no hassles.

374	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great! I was working with a 32'' TV that I wanted to mount above my fridge. It moves around perfect and lets me do exactly what I wanted. It was hard finding a mount that would let me work in the small area. The arm has a great range of movement allowing me to get the perfect angle and distance for a good kitchen TV.
8383	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Work perfect with the Yamaha Digital Piano P71.  Great Price for headphones that perform as intended. Living in a Condo, it's a necessity for night time playing, so neighbors are not disturbed.
9073	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	work great cleaned my dvd so it works now.
1864	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am a Ph. D. in education and have been looking for a good computer programming book for kids.  Based on all my years of experience with how students learn, I wanted a book that would teach programming concepts without making huge leaps from one concept to another.  I had bought another "basic" programming book before and chapters 1-4 were great and then in chapter 5, the leap was huge and any child trying to learn from it would get lost!  This book uses appropriate teaching strategies to help children understand the concepts in programming.  It links each concept to a real world example that the student can relate to (this is very important in the learning process.)  For example, when explaining the differences in programming syntax among languages in chapter 1 - a basic concept, it shows the parallel between that and the different syntax in 4 different spoken languages.  When teaching the idea of binary, it explains it as open and closed roads.  For each concept, there is a real world link which is the best way for children to learn.  The book provides codes from different languages although seems to use C++ mostly, however, the purpose of the book is not to teach syntax but concepts in programming.  It is the perfect book for someone to read before they start to code.  It allows them to learn about different data types, strings, arrays, functions, loops, recursion, etc.  Although code is given to demonstrate, the idea is to teach the purpose of these data structures.  The best approach would be to go through this book first and then pick up a book that actually has you start working with actual code and writing programs.  Although this book says Computer Programming for Teens, it could be used for any age student with enough maturity to and interest to begin learning programming.  Many kids are able to start learning these ideas much earlier than the "teen" years.
16	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
Let's face it.  You bought  your Palm V because of it's size, and you probably use it a lot.  If so,  this is your best option when it comes to cases.  Pretty good protection,  easy to carry (very slim and trim), and easy to open and close.  This case  also solves the problem of your Palm turning itself on accidently, a  problem with the leather cases and covers, although the leather cases are  far more elegant and sumptuous.  Also, because this case does not press on  the scroll button, if you forget to turn off your Palm, and close the case,  your Palm will will turn itself off and not run down the battery.
I often depend on others leaving honest reviews when I need to order a new item. I find that one of the most difficult things about ordering online is that I cant hold or touch the products before buying them. So, I love reviews from others who have touched, inspected, and used the item Im thinking about purchasing. I strive for the same in leaving reviews for others  to leave a review that will help others make an informed decision (never to inflate the product's quality). I received this item at a discount or gratis from the manufacturer or a seller to objectively test and review it, but received no payment and have no obligation to offer anything other than my real opinion based on my experience. Amazon's "Verified Purchase" indicator shows that this review matches an actual product ordered and delivered from Amazon. If you have found this review helpful, Id love if youd indicate that below.
3273	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	useful-I use one for JPG backup incase my RAW images get contaminated
7650	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This worked out perfect!  15' is super useful for getting electricity across my rooms.
9080	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	MY DVD PLAYER DOES NOT TAKE ANY OF THE FIVE CLEANERS I HAVE. WHEN I PUT IT IN AND IT NEEDS TO GO TO ANOTHER LEVEL MINE GOES NOWHERE AND GETS THAT BIG OLE' X NEXT TO IT.


The Details:
6959	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got two for my backyard to hang on the fence.  They look great there!!  THanks!!
8196	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	my best friend
large C batteries - will not have to change them often
5694	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these allot latley and these work great! Don't tear or come apart and the velcro is enough for office use. NOT recomended for giging musicians or roadies, these are not strong enough for road use but great in the office.
4509	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected- very easy and reusable
7488	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Until I got this charger, I struggled with battery problems constantly in the field (I am a professional radiographer and do considerable field photography on archeology projects in the summers in Peru).  This charger is perfect....lightweight, fits in my camera bag easily, and gives me a full day of work without worrying about when the battery will run out when I am hours from a recharging plug.

7312	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We moved our office around so we had to get a longer cable. This one works bidirectionally as stated. We have two Chinese crap inkjet and laser printers but the only reliable one is our old HP LJ6. Glad we kept it and our PC parallel ports.
3909	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cable is great...allows me to bridge TV to PC and watch the pictures taken in travel...this past year... for a low price
In my opinion the GE Superadio is still the world's best radio for anyone chasing that distant AM broadcast!  The art of seeking out distant AM signals is called "AM DXing".  Ask anyone of us who are involved in this aspect of the radio hobby and most all of us will be in agreement that the Superadio is a proven "best choice" for any radio being used for this purpose!  Keep in mind that it is NOT a digital radio!  It is a product from the seventies and (as such) it reflects the style and "features" native to that period.  For those experienced with the old slide tune dial system you know that it is sometimes difficult to tune in "exactly" the signal you are looking for. In other words the calibration of the numbers and the "slide dial position" may not be exact.  When you have moved the dial to 1300 (an an example) DON'T expect that you are REALLY tuning into 1300!  You will have to move the slide dial a bit either way in order to get the frequency more precisely in tune. For those of you used to the precise and exact digital tuning of more modern radios...well, this one is in no way similar to the simple tuning features of those radios. Trust me...it is worth it though! Folks, in short it is tough to beat a proven performer such as the Superadio.
If you have connected to a printer via WiFi you will have to remove the printer an reinstall it.  Also, note that the TP-LINK device has a USB A connection. My printer has a USB B connection so I needed a cable that had the proper connectors.
5072	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We've had ours for a year, use it daily (in the shower and all over the house), and it still looks and works like new. We may have replaced the batteries once. Maybe not, I can't remember.
3347	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works as expected.  Not the fastest card, but it holds a lot of data.
6436	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to connect my XBOX to a switch box that I also connect my computer to. I use the switch box to connect them to my cable box for my internet.
On the whole, the nook is everything I wanted. I've downloaded some free classics from google books, I've taken out library ebooks and it was REALLY easy! I even bought my first book(well, ebook) in a long time. Despite being a new release, it was under ten bucks. I also bought another book I've been meaning to read for years for under four dollars. The nook is comfortable to hold with one hand. I like the using the touch screen to "swipe" and turn pages. And tops on my list, I didn't feel horrificly guilty for buying it. One fifty is a reasonable price for such a fun new book reader.

A new winner in the "best value in a mid-size Android tablet" category.
9741	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Do a lot of labeling (cd's & dvd's). The only brand that I use. EXCELLENT PRODUCT.

1612	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There is so much I want to tell you all, I want to talk about the amazing ride that this book was.  So much excitement, sadness, fear, happiness...a real roller coaster!
For an ereader I love the nook.
709	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very well made, strong mount the only problem I have is the instructions are very poorly written or detailed. Pictures do not distinguish between Stud mount and concrete. Also the instructions do not tell you the size of the included bolts
I have 4 samsung TVs each one with an ethernet port, and have a Panasonic All in one printer (you can see in my reviews) which also has ethernet connection for many of it's features. The thing is, the only network I have in my house, besides the electrical and cable tv network, is wireless.
3145	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As advertised.
3127	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this mic it works on itouch 3generation 8 gb so well. I love it too much and wat a money saver too . Nothing more to say but to order it soon!!!
4987	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have been using a dry cleaner.  I changed to this wet cleaner to see if this would help with my viewing.  It sure did.  I will always use this wet cleaner onward.
5584	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I was looking for Velcro ties that had the loop that i could slide the many iPad/iPhone cables i carry through. These ties will keep your cables bundled individually but i would prefer an additional loop or eye for the cable than i would wrap the excess around.
Unfortunately, my enthusiasm for the story waned quickly.  For me, the characters are, for the most part, unlikable.  The protagonist, Jian, is a tough, jaded cop.  Only at the very end do you see some slight humanity and redemption, but it's too little, too late.  The bad guys are very, very bad.  The migrant worker Ding Ming, was the exception but, because of his circumstances, he was such a weak character I lost interest.  Jian's daughter proved the most interesting but we don't come to know about her until near the end of the book.
9694	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect replacement for my label printers ribbon.
4507	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have several pairs of another brand for my classroom and they're pretty good. I bought this one to compare and it just feels a little cheap. Considering that I buy a pair every month or so, I'll try some other brands.


I like the onscreen keyboard/touch screen, personally.  It is bright and easy in areas where dimly lit and the light in your reader case is directed at the reading screen.  Seems like no big deal, but after 28 hours on a plane you get tired and this makes a difference.
Old slow Wi-Fi hardware, and you will notice this. Download speeds compared to my other tablets is very slow.


Try them both in the same outlet first (if their size inhibits this, use a 3-outlet converter, not a power strip).  My units didn't work at first, and I suspected user error or incorrect factory settings.  So I plugged them into the same outlet to eliminate user error/etc.  I reprogrammed with the "security button" sequence and then they worked great.  I followed the directions in the quick start guide.  They are not written perfectly, but I finally figured out the exact sequence, etc.
1471	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The screen is durable and looks like a real book page.  The covers are terrific and give me the feel of a "real book" - not that I needed it after having the nook for a couple of weeks.  The non-glare screen is a HUGE help while I am outside with the kids.  The battery last and lasts, love having the ability to put photos on for my screen saver.  And I haven't even TAPPED into all the other features it has yet.  Love it, love it!
4515	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm not a fussy headphone buyer. I like 'em simple and cheap, so long as they get the job done.
Does what it needs to do.
Now here comes the Nook Simple Touch Reader (Nook STR). I got one via pre-order when they came out in early June.  It has the same e-ink Pearl screen as the Kindle, so the screen contrast is no longer an issue. And wow, has the user interface improved over the original Nook! (which I thought was clunky) The entire e-ink Pearl screen has full touchscreen capability. On both the Kindle and the original Nook, I felt myself wanting to touch the screen to select a book to read, instead of using the buttons (on the Kindle) or the LCD touchscreen (on the original Nook) to highlight and select the desired ebook. On the Nook STR, the Library screen shows icons for all the ebooks loaded in the device (both library and purchased). Touch the icon, and the ebook opens. Turning the page? Touch the screen on the right side of the page (to go forward) or the left side (to go back). Or swipe your finger across the screen as in flipping a physical book page. Or use the buttons built into the frame. Want to page quickly through a book? Hold down the page turning button. Need a word definition? Touch and hold on the word and a dictionary pops up. The user interface resembles that of an iPhone or iPad, with the icons, virtual keyboard and the physical home button. It even has the "slide to unlock" feature like the iPhone. The touchscreen on the Nook STR is infrared (it senses the heat of your finger, again like iPhone), so a light touch works just fine. I found that on the original Nook, sometimes it would take multiple touches on the LCD screen for the device to recognize a command.
8813	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The earpiece that comes with this model of headset is not one that will fit everyone, so be aware of that when you purchase it.  There are no extra pieces to make it larger for larger ears.
7429	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I tried the chintzy cover that came with the Palm V, but it does not offer enough protection.  Then I tried the "slim" leather case from 3Com, and it's OK, but bulky, and the strap that closes it is inconvenient.  Finally managed to find the hard case at CompUSA, and like it the best.  OK, it's not perfect.... you do have to remove the V or put it on a book in  order to HotSync, but so what?  For my money, the hard case is the way to  go.
5632	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine in my Toto toilet.
Otherwise I prefer the Nook Simple Touch's ergonomics to the comparable Kindle.  The Nook's front is all screen, with no unnecessary keyboard keys.  Virtual keyboard keys appear onscreen when you need to search for something.  The unit fits nicely in the back pocket of my jeans or shorts, and it's trim and lightweight.
8116	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this was just the right length, color, and price for us, came in retail packaging and works fine for us
4196	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	purchased this for my LG COOKIE phone and works great no trouble at all. S o if your looking to use it in a cell phone you got my blessing.!
One complaint I had was that the manual that accompanies it does an inadequate job of explaining some of the functions and the pre-sets are all inclusive, that is it's forty pre-sets for all bands FM/SW/LW/MW rather than per band. But these are small things that shouldn't take away from the overall excellence of the radio.

6010	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this foster. It is tall and I can wash bigger dished without any problem
76	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We're rough on cables, often breaking them at the connection after a few months. This one eliminates that as a possibility, and a year later, we still haven't broken it!

6646	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Waste of money and the wipes do not clean the disc.
3599	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works very well with my Note 10.1 2014 edition, it does the job and I use it in the car all the time.
3290	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great cards, used in my GPS.
1409	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent item as described, delivery was on time, thanks.


Excellent progression from complete novice to medium level projects.  Awesome book !
On top of this, the Kindle seems to have placed the turn-page buttons way too attached to the ends, so you actually end up hitting the buttons by accident way too often, whereas the Nooks buttons are more of a soft "bendable plastic" type, so you never hit them by accident. This, on top of the little things like being able to slide your finger on the touch screen to turn pages as well as getting book covers and previews, daily logs, etc, give the nook an overall more "coffee house" feel which the Kindle doesn't even come close to. And even though the Nook is bulkier and heavier, it actually is made of a more durable softer rubber-like material, and along with the white paneling it makes it feel overall way more professional and studious. Not to mention just more attractive and stylish. This is easily the hipper of the two ereaders. Therefore, things like slightly longer load times, heavier feel, sometimes annoying touch screen and slightly higher price are actually very tolerable once you pick up both units and see and feel the overall difference.

Cons: having t use 2 usb portsto transfer and power system is a drawback.
4884	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Arrived early.  Worked perfectly. Great experience.
6054	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as well as my older version except that it works on Windows 7 64-bit.  I have used this type of product for a long time, and that's why I was happy to find the same item with windows 7 capability.
1914	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	for the nook owners that need to change its cover i can recommend this one. I just take one star because the absence of the elastic holder present in other models.
Now that I look at reviews, I see the same issues here with mine:
of stumbling time.

2. The plug was shorting out from the second I plugged it in. It requires much twisting and bending to get sound out of it.
For  its price, the GE 7-2887 Superadio III Portable AM/FM Radio does just what  you buy it for and will probably continue to do so for many years to come  as more and more computer room hermits discover its ability to bring the  outside world inside.  They can block your access to Web radio, but they  can't stop you from listening.
Pros:


7343	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good

2132	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Even though I have an eReader, I have a friend that gives me her paperback and hardback books after she is done reading them.  This product is wonderful for that late night reading that we all tend to do when the book just can't be put down.  I would highly recommend Mighty Bright!

4749	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works
2769	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is just wonderful for me!
1790	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This was a good book and was fairly clean.
I bought it totaly more than 10, and I will buy more for my friends...
9639	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well, easy to install
4615	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this in my older model truck to listen to my ipod. I have used different FM transmitters in the past and was never really happy with the sound quality. This is the way to go. I wish I had tried it before!


1980	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nicely done.  I keep it in my camera case.  A very nice to have for someone that does not use their camera very often.
5757	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I mean it worked... I don't know what else to say... it wasn't garbage or anything... seems as high quality as any other network cable I've handled if not better quality
2 stars = Don't bother, clean your bathroom instead.
9289	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	TRUSTED dealer good to work with   I got my order soon and good to quality I loved it  it is a really worth deal 
This easily held my music collection (which is in a lossless format) with plenty of room to spare.
9676	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I found the price of the refills to be very reasonable. The product was received very quickly and they serve my intentions very well.
9839	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I couldn't find this cheaper elsewhere, and the printing on these labels don't seem to fade, nor the stickiness seem to wear off. I only wish they made these with more label and less empty space in the cartridge so I don't have to refill my printer so often.

9330	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Much more convenient than getting it at a place like Staples.  Far more convient too!  I use these lables for my comic book deviders and I go through these pretty often.
725	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I installed this for my sister who had a 22" Philips LCD. Nice sturdy mount, with all of the nuts, bolts, screws included. Only problem was that since my tv was so small, and I was using the most inner mounting hols on the mount, the outside edges of the mount covered both the cable connection, and the power cable connection. Instead of returning, (then paying $70 from a local store) I simply went to a hardware store, got a 1 & 1/2 inch boring tool that attaches to a hand drill, and drilled holes into the mount. It was pretty easy, but a bit messy. It is not visible after mounting the TV, so who cares?? It is one thing to consider before buying this, there may be another mount that does not cover your TV connections. Otherwise swivels well, does not sag, good value.
3690	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my phone.  It hasn't been used yet. So I guess I will see.  Fits just fine. In a droid rszr

1030	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Make sure you know the limits of your devices that you are trying to put the maximum capacity accessories into and in. I knew my phone would accept this card as I had done the research prior. This works fine in an unrooted Verizon Samsung Galaxy Note 2. If you root make sure your kernel supports 64GB cards specifically.

3194	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Purchased this print server to bring an HP D110 back on-line after implementing a new router.  Needless to say, implementation was not trivial.  After configuring the print sever with the accompanying software, the router could not see the it on our hardwired network.  Tried several times using different IP addresses but no luck.  After unplugging the printer server a number of times and reinitializing it, the router finally recognized the found it.  Unfortunately, we can only print from the  PC that I used to originally configure the print server.  The other PC's on the network cannot see the printer attached to the print server.
3534	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I FINALLY have more than enough storage on my phone...more than I will probably ever need!!
Very Nice - Good item - I Like it works just as it should.
4575	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it
3037	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I haven't bought a USB burner drive in a few years and was pleasantly surprised by this one. It transfers data quicklley and reliably. It's not something I would toss around but it seems sturdy enough to put in the bag with my lap top.
5974	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	One of many Necessities for connecting peripherals to my MAC, works great.
7425	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Do you remember the toy walkie talkies that you had as a kid, this radio is nothing like that.  The TalkAbout 250 is a high quality 2 way radio made by Motorola.  This radio has the look of a toy, especially the yellow model, but once you try it out, you will quickly realize that it is no toy.  All of the TalkAbout models operate on the FRS - Family Radio Service  frequency which has about a 2 mile range, and works well inside and outside  of buildings as well as inside of vehicles.
9875	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	arrived in a timely manner, i believe it is oem, works as advertised. i would definitely recommend to any on looking to save money from the big box office stores.
5230	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I Like this radio. Pulls in AM stations great. Has nice sound quality. I've even dropped this on the floor a few times. Still works great. Very durable. Battery life is excellent! Happy with this radio.

9587	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Letters are very legible, sticks to surfaces well, durable. Can be hard to separate from backing, but I won't take a star off for that.
545	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The arm is built steady and has a ton of possible holes to fit your TV.  I had to go through many options before finding a combination that my Sony Bravia needed.  I bought a pair of 5/16" screws that were a little longer (3") than the lag screws included since I have 1/2" sheetrock over plaster and furring strips.  I also put some felt on the bracket being fastened to the wall so not to damage the wall.  The arm moves in every direction other than up & down.  Well worth the price paid.

8037	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Worked great for reaching a ways between the wall jack and my xbox, however when I used it with my laptop it got stuck in there... I eventually got it out but it was a bit of a hassle.  I'm not sure 'snagless' is totally applicable, but it's a solid cable for the price regardless.
5883	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you still use blank VHS VCs like I do, this three pack is really handy. I know that most of us are using DVDs now, but I still find a use at times for an eight or nine hour VC and this fills the bill. This tape stands up pretty well to being used over and over and I would surely suggested it if tape is what you need.
1035	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Did a lot of shopping for the best price for product for my Samsung Note tablet.  Best price I found.
6	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great read!

When I saw the Nook Touch I thought that this is what my Kindle should be like. Well I decided to buy the Nook and I'm very, very pleased. I won't go into an in depth review of the device itself. You can find that just about anywhere. What I will say is the touch screen makes things so much easier. I love the on screen virtual keyboard (like the ipad) and the fact that it's a lot smaller than the Kindle 3 but with the same size and quality screen.
8706	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product!

My only complaint, in fact, is that BOOM! The subwoofer doesn't have an independent volume control, so if I turn up the volume on the little speakers, the subwoofer follows right along, thunderously loud. A separate volume control on the subwoofer would have made this speaker set perfect.
Playboy is an American icon and a record of the good life for 60 years. The magazines are a trip down memory lane, the fiction is still great, the cartoons are still funny and the women are beautiful.
392	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use it in our rv works perfect.
6795	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like to set my printers on separate tables and not take up my desk space on hardware that is better left working across the room. Great product great price.
8480	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have my old 17" CRT hooked to this running 1024X768 and I don't see any ghosting like the previous review. Actually I have a TV tuner card and the HD looks better on the CRT than my LCD which is an HD display with 6' DVI cable. Even bigger difference watching SD. Haven't tried this cable with the LCD hooked to it, so maybe that is his situation.
7522	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	APC (which by the way is American Power Conversion, not "American Power Conservation" as amazon.com currently shows it) has always been serious about clean power. This is no ordinary surge protector. It has more  heavy-duty protection features and absorbs more joules of surge energy than  you're ever likely to see. But what I like is the intelligent layout of the  outlets ... with my ADSL modem, I now have three huge "wall warts" to deal  with. The PRO8T2 handles them well, and manages another smaller one in the  top tier of outlets. A large green light lets me know it's working. And the  switch guard is removable -- if you WANT to be able to turn this unit on  and off with your toe, APC made that possible, and they call out the  feature in the instructions. You can spend $20 for a much less capable  power station, or a few bucks more for one that will take care of your  stuff. APC delivers the latter with this unit.
I recommend this card to anyone who wants to leave their iPod at home and store all of their media on their phone, you can have everything with you wherever you go.  It's awesome!
6198	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works good on my vcr.

309	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice and sturdy.

214	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like this album. Sturdy front and back. Nice amount af sleeve for photos. Cute design in the front. Looks nice on my coffee table
9649	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Printing labels out like a mad man since receiving this fine product... yay ya!
The text is not as crisp as it is on the Papwerwhite - but then again - this is not the most recent model of the NST.  For that model BN went and eliminated the two great features that made the NST stand out from the Kindle - expandable memory slot and the physical buttons.  Now - I am generally a touch screen person.  I never thought I would miss the physical buttons on my e-reader, but then I started using the Paperwhite two weeks ago, I absolutely did not like having to swipe the screen to advance the page.  With the NST - the border on which your fingers grip the device is exactly where you press  to advance the pages - you never have to move a finger onto the screen itself.  However, if you want to, it has touchscreen functionality too.
6771	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	VERY GOOD FOR THE MONEY...
Maxell's stellar reputation for cassettes and VHS tapes has been a staple of the industry for decades.
3794	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It worked as promised.
1297	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I did a lot of research on the different ebook Readers before purchasing my NOOK.  I went back and forth between Amazon's Kindle and B&N's NOOK.  The thing that sold me on the NOOK was the ability to download books from other sources than just Amazon.  I can download books from my local library, Google Books, along with Barnes & Noble's selection of over 2 million books they offer.  The ability to download any ePub and PDF files is a plus.  I like the touch pad vs. keyboard on Kindle.  It took a little getting used to as it is very touch sensitive, but once I got the hang of it, it is a smooth way to navigate.  One of the criticisms of NOOK has been some sluggishness with the NOOK, which I have maybe a tiny bit of, but we're talking maybe a second or so, so it is no big deal really.  There have been many criticisms about the battery life of the NOOK, but to me it's a minor thing as all I have to do is plug it in about every 4 or 5 days if I use my NOOK excessively.  It lasts longer if the WiFi is turned off.  I can go a week without having to recharge it then.  I also like the ability to replace the battery myself rather than having to send the the entire Kindle in to have it replaced.  One of the nicest features of the NOOK is being able to go into my local B&N bookstore and talking to a real live person if I have any questions or have any problem with my NOOK.  B&N has NOOK stations right in their stores with people who are there to answer questions or help with problems you may encounter.  They are very helpful.  The Kindle does not offer that kind of service.  All in all I am very happy with my NOOK and would recommend one to anyone looking for an ebook Reader.
Update 10/9/07
7666	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These things are great and the seller was prompt.
4072	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As new products evolve they only accept SD and microSD cards. I've had good luck with Kingston and this is no exception.
The only flaw I see thus far is that you can't resize the letters. Apparently the letters are a standard size, I assume because of the size of the screen? Anyway, I would like to make them smaller so that I can read more before turning the page. However, that is a minor issue and does not deter me from enjoying the new Nook tremendously.

7839	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Protects computers

9763	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say. It was delivered quickly and works fine. Have never had a problem with the M231.
I could easily have seen our family reading this book as a read-aloud book when my daughter was younger.  The chapters are of a manageable size for an evening's read.
Without going into more technical stuff that you can read online, I will say that if you are new to e-reading and you enjoy touch screens -  AND YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A PRODUCT THAT SIMPLY ALLOWS YOU TO READ - Do not hesitate to go into a B/N and try this out.  Some people buy this expecting it to browse the web (although it does have a hidden browser that the techies are working to hack) - Play their audio files, when there is not headphone jack (Techies have discovered that it DOES have built-in bluetooth, however), and folks buy this and complain that they do not like how it does not display their magazines in color.  It is not meant to do that - it is meant to be solely an enjoyable easy-to-use reading device that does not give you a whole lot of options to be distracted from the task at hand, READING!
9582	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Seems to be offering NO negatives as of right now! They peel and stick just fine, and stay on! I love my little P-Touch, and the different tapes make it easy to match up to the task at hand, depending on the area that needs to be seen with the label - like you cannot use this on a dar surface,,,because it's clear. The white is a better choice for darker surfaces/
1094	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just like using a pen. Works great.
1660	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was totally immersed in this book. It had great pacing and an interesting plot that quickly drew me in. I appreciated that while it's a trilogy, I'm not forced by some crazy cliff hanger to read any others if I don't want to. (I do want to though, but I don't feel forced to.) There are twists, but it's not really that kind of thriller... more of a drama/crime/courtroom feel.


9731	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product

3188	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well. Was very easy to set up. Just follow instructions. Does not drop connections - have had two of these on for about a week now. Have always been disappointed by similar products in past. Found a good printserver after a long time..
For its intended audience, this book is easily worth 5 stars.  But if you're not a Mac beginner, parts of the book would be useful to you, though you probably would prefer a more detailed advanced Mac OS book.
This is probably the biggest of all the features, since we are talking about a book reader, the Nook boasts a whopping 1,000,000 books available for it, in readily readable format, from just two sources (B&N and Google). The nearest competitor only offers 500,000 books in it's native format (Kindle). You can convert many books to a Kindle readable format, but it's a hassle and you have to use your computer to do that. Sort of defeats the purpose of the wireless if you have to constantly connect to the PC. And there are third party sources for books in Kindle format, probably websites you've never heard of, new sites pop up all the time since Kindle has a big install base, but the quality of books on those sites is in question compared to a reputable company like Google.



8752	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	As other reviewers have testified, this player, after a few months of use, will start skipping (entire tracks) and stopping. It doesn't occur on all disks, but frequently enough that I'm going to have to purchase a new player. This was a very poor release by Sony.
5) It is waterproof enough that I take it in the shower every day. I don't leave it there though because I use it on the bathroom counter while I shave too. Perhaps mine lasted longer than many others because it isn't in the damp shower area 24/7.
1754	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So adorable! I love my Shih Tzu and this calendar make me smile :)
4022	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very well
2521	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works good for your rechargeable devices for it. I use it to charge the ipad and a windows phone. I do recommend.
1606	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	First Sentence:  Jian walked into Leeds University and handed his message, written for him on the back of an aeroplane boarding pass, to the front desk security guard.
4640	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I live in California, own a 2001 Volkswagen GTI, and have a iPod Nano. I had a perfectly fine Philips brand cassette adapter but my husband accidentally broke it. I ordered this one to replace it and was so excited when it arrived in just three days. However, I was so disappointed when I tired to use it the next morning while driving to work. There is so much static and the sound quality is horrible. I have a monsoon sound system so I am used to clear, loud music! Even when I turn the volume half way up, the static is louder than the music! I even eject the tape several times but nothing has improved! I am going to throw it away after I receive my new Philips cassette adapter. It isn't worth returning because it cost one cent!
9137	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When I played dvds the movies were skipping and after this the movies play great.

1578	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Terrible product. If you want to have a computer experience comparable to about a 1980 PC then get this Nook. Slow, awkward, SD card never works, locks up constantly, screen flickers, bad/slow if ever response to commands, bad menus, poor power usage and on and on. Absolutely terrible. There is nothing I would not change. They completely overlooked the structure and software of this product with a sole emphasis on book sales. Sad. The touch screen barely works, usually takes multiple taps/swipes for it to even recognize that you are trying to do something and then who knows what it will actually do. If you are used to an iPad screen this is in no way similar. Avoid. I don't know if a Kindle is any better.
1691	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I enjoyed this book.  It was different and I enjoy reading new authors.  I love the free books from Kindle. Sometimes if I enjoy them enough I'm hooked and will keep buying!
3) Yes, the nook was rushed out last year but they are now already on V1.3 software, but it works well and has added features and corrected some early flaws.  The page turns are now quicker and very acceptable, especially compared with a real book page turn.  Whoever you are with, they will have some problems and features you do or don't like.  There are supposedly more books via B&N, but never the books you actually want to read - Kindle has some missing for me as well as B&N.
2451	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	melted and broke.
1413	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got this one for my mother and she just loves it.

4760	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as I hoped it would.

5135	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	with tech. moving so fast you can hardly keep up.  I'm old school, if it ain't broke, don't replace it.  It's good to know that I can still get tapes that work for my old camcorder.  Thanks
1555	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This reader is great it regular or bright environments and now that it has a back light it can be used in the dark as well.
175	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The manufacture usb cable for my nook. It works great.
This was suspenseful and compelling; Inspector Jian is a truly original character, commenting on Chinese and British cultural mores, facing his own inadequacies as a father, and still plugging away at finishing the job he set out to do.  I'm looking foward to seeing more from Simon Lewis.
7135	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	While I'm sure the cable works fine, be careful about what you need it for.
6450	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this product.  It arrived in record time and the tapes work well with my VCR's. Would recommend to otheres that are still using VCR's.

4503	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these. He gets excited with the noise.
6289	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Incorrect item so frustrated. Thought I picked the right item
4871	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with this product.
4950	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Working with an old VCR I wasn't certain if the cleaner would make a difference but was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the picture once the heads were clean.
930	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Everything ok
2644	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works as expected.  Bought it because of the price.  It is small and that makes it easy to keep in the car at all times.  It doesn't stick very far out of the outlet and you can charge two things at once.
2- Touch screen is a good idea, I have tendinitis so I prefer to use touch screen over keyboard.
5573	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	worked great
9987	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this for emergency purposes, and haven't put it through its paces.

8301	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this 16x50 model at Walmart for $59. The optics are crisp and clear. Comes with a storage bag/case and a good quality braided nylon neck strap. I read in another review that the neck strap used to be a cheap plastic material- they've improved on that strap. This model is an exceptional value for the money. The high mag power is best suited for distance viewing, and as a substitute for a spotting scope for targets, etc.


5778	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The little adapter looks to be made really well and it has performed flawlessly for about 3 months now in an industrial environment.  Not much to say here other than it works.
- Hard to get the elastic straps for the Kindle to look right
4125	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed more memory for Garmin GPS.  It arrived on time as planned for vacation. Plugged in side of Garmin and updated.  Worked great.


4922	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well
1068	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had to format it after putting it into the phone but it works great and I have a ton of space. If you're looking for a 64gb sd card for your Note then look no further. I have about 40gb worth of data on it already and it doesn't have any issue reading any of it. If you don't mind spending the money for it, then this may be the card for you.
3309	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Like it's supposed to.

3) Go to the local public library (ours is attached to the Clark County Public Library district here in Las Vegas) and open up an account and get a library id/card to be able to log in with from home.
26	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine easy to program
2709	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a female to female null modem adapter and this worked out perfectly. I'm using this in a retrocomputer project where I needed to connect a DB9M usb-to-serial adapter to a DB9M console port.
7824	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	3 ft would not reach. i like the price.
11) I even convert one PDF to epub format (specifically target the Nook)  and load on it, does not open either. And the epub size is much larger than PDF size (i.e. I will have a lot less books on it).
4548	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Yes, it makes a lot of "mechanical" noise when the tape is running in your car, but all of these do.  I've had 4 of them and all of them make the same mechanical noise.  You can only hear it when the music is off, so why is that such a big deal?  I am starting to think that some people just loving having something to complain about.  The only reason I rated it 4 stars is because there is a version for a just a couple of dollars more that includes a microphone in line with the cord, so that you don't have to disconnect your phone when a call comes through.  I think that might be good for people that want to take quick calls (where your talk quality isn't super important but you get the message across without having to disconnect anything).  The ones with the mic are good for a "Hey I forgot to tell you to pick up cheese at the supermarket" but aren't quality enough for you to want to use them for more than that.
Manufacturer:  2008 Imation Corp., 1 Imation Place, Oakdale, MN 55128-3414 USA; email: info@imation.com; web: tdk-media.com. Made in China.
Bottom line: This is a wonderful piece of equipment and an unbeatable value.  If you feel it's time to enter the tablet market,  this is a good place to start.
1303	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've researched the readers for about two years. I only buy electronics after I can give the item a test drive. Upon that note, I have always been a huge fan of Amazon. For the first time I could not go to a store and compare prices and see the item in question.

happy with it.
6365	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A couple of the tapes required break in and I suggest a fast forward and rewind before you start recording. I have DMRs and record TV shows on EP mode. Both sound and video are good even on a 60" 3-D Plasma and 350w sound system.
1556	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this ereader..user friendly in making notes and highlights..you just have to put in a memory card so you will not experience slowing down in making notes..have used mine in making notes for my bible reading such have plenty of notes to write..

4566	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As expected
713	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Heavy duty construction, easy to install, could have easer adjustment knobs as I use this on an RV and constantly make mount adjustments. Other than that this is a great product for the price and I would recommend it to anyone.
2279	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought these for my 4 year old son.  He didn't even have them for 24 hours and the wires are pulled out from the microphone.  It was just a little jerk and that's all it took.
9745	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Item as described
7949	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works well with the  dual band router .
There are a couple of things that distract somewhat, and keep this story from being 5+ stars. When the paths of Bridie and Jonah part, we follow Bridie and then we're jerked from that story into the jail cell of Jonah. It does not lend to the storyline at all knowing what Jonah is thinking. The tension is better built with the fear from Bridie rather than Jonah's intentions. Also, there isn't a thing added to the storyline by knowing what Jonah's attorney is thinking or that she finally winds up out of the public defender's office and in the prosecutor's office. Those were major distractions.


When I first place this into the cassette player, it does not work. I then will change to am/fm, then back to cassette and it will work great. Not sure why this has to happen, might just be the stereo in my car.
Hope this helps you!
This is a UL-approved device, so this deems it safe.
3135	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	As a microphone this thing works fine. However if you are trying to turn your itouch into a skype phone forget it as the volume on itouch just isn't loud enough. I have found out that the only way to use the itouch as s skype phone is to use the headphones that include a mic. And then if you have skype in, forget it because you will never hear the thing ring. But the mic works and it is little money.
The tape functions properly in the Brother Labler.

Three stars for ease of installation, five stars for usability, for a combined four stars.  Make sure you get help when installing.


4714	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	EDIT: Turns out there are a few companies out there that still make high end cassette tapes for recording. See the link from the commenter below, and also try musicians friend. Don't buy this aged overstock overpriced junk!

7072	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Always in need for a USB extension for some reason.  This cable works as described.
Simon Lewis knows his stuff and does an excellent job in describing the difficulty Jian faces in England.
The bad: No protective carrying case included; color LCD ( for color nook)  has an impact on battery life; for black & white battery is really good,in-store reading and loaning capabilities come with notable limits and caveats; no support for Word or text files; no ability to download books when outside the U.S., even when on Wi-Fi.
I'm donating it.  :-(
What I did not like is that many of the illustrations and their accompanying writing were so small that I needed to use my reading glasses in order to see them in full detail.  While this size issue was probably made necessary by the relatively small dimensions of the book itself, the publisher should have realized that many new MacBook users may be older persons.
2512	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good sale.
Only thing is it's hard for someone whose disabled with touching or vision issues to use... though you can increase font size, the rare occasion you have to type something out it's kinda small but that doesn't happen often on the nook itself.
3645	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best price and works great in tablet and cell phone can't beat this product on amazon
8722	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My girlfriend has been using this case for over a year now, and she uses her phone A LOT. It has even been dropped several times, only has minimal wear to show for it. She uses the snap button that she didn't think she would like more than a magnet type clasp to hook her finger in with the case folded back to use as a holder for making phone calls. Anker so far has impressed me by all of their products.
Here's what I know:  I paid $8.25 for my HDMI cable.  It came in a labelled, OEM-style plastic bag with a UPC code of 9983891204.  It works perfectly, connecting my Canon 7D camera to my Samsung HDTV.  The connectors are gold-plated.  The cable itself is of reasonable quality and will probably outlive my camera and my TV.  There are reusable protective plastic caps on the connectors (you are responsible for not losing them).  Given that Canon Direct wanted more than 8 times the price I paid for their version of this cable (after a 15% discount at that), I'm rather pleased with my purchase. I am not so pleased with the confusion that Amazon and Canon have created here -- consumer brand loyalty is a real thing; manufacturers and retailers mess with it at their peril.
6053	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Does not work as advertised! Cannot advance to track required? We tried it on both our cars and our home cd......negligable results

1574	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Many moons ago I bought my first Ebook reader, it was a "Rocket Book"!  I must have read hundreds of books on that little device.  It was just about perfect.  Small and light enough (size of a paperback, weight of a hardback) that I could hold it one hand, easy thumb controls, had a backlight for nighttime reading, I could read the screen in daylight (most of the time) and it stored a bunch of books.  Heck, it even had a stylus for lookup and markup.  The day the battery no longer held a charge a small part of me died with it...
 will use this seller again
61	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great book
1315	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	My nook screen freezes about once a week. The latest firmware upgrade was supposed to fix it. It didn't, it only made it worse. Before the latest upgrade you could hold the power button down to unfreeze the screen. Now, with the latest upgrade, you have to disassemble the nook, take the battery out, plug it in to a wall charger, reseat the battery, wait, wait, wait, then it might unfreeze. Maybe the new ones will come with a small screwdriver holder so you always have some tools for fixing the screen. It defeats the purpose of a portable ereader if you have to take it apart all the time and have access to a charger and wall socket just to get the screen unfrozen. Barnes and Noble has known of these problems since the very first nook but has been unable, or unwilling, to fix the problems. The user interface needs a complete overhaul. The battery life is horrible. The screens have been developing cracks where the page buttons are. No file system, so all your books get lumped together.
Calling Uniden is worthless. They are of no help.
Be warned, though, that this is not a beginner's book. It assumes basic familiarity with computing in general. And the author has perhaps erred in putting network configuration toward the beginning of the book, which is a challenging subject even to veterans. Don't let this mis-step deter you, however. This book is a great guide to Mac's latest OS, which is well worth studying in depth. I can't recall a book that takes a student farther or faster into a new operating system.
The cable I received is a shiny blue color.
1506	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price!  Super fast shipping!  Had trouble getting this to play nice with my wifi so it kept getting stuck registering with B&N initially.  Until I googled how to bypass that.  I ran it wifi free and leave it off so now now book suggestions or wifi battery drain.  Poppes a $12 Samsung sd card (32gb) in the side and side loaded the crap out of it.  I have 1400 books on here and I still have about 25gb free.  Uses Android chargers, fits in my side ABU pocket, battery lasts for DAYS, glowlight is amazing...we have a newborn.  I can keep the light off in the bedroom and just use the glowlight while I'm rocking her.  I found these here for $35 refurbished....such a steal.  Bought one for me and my baby sister.
5564	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For no more than they cost, I would recommend these to everyone. Yes the colors are rather primary and boring, but they are dirt cheap and have withstood daily use and abuse.
9344	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Not transparent.
5645	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked well cleaning my MB Pro.  It was a quick and easy process!
9091	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't work for me.
3237	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product at a bargain price.  2 for the price of 1 and they both worked perfectly.  Will be purchasing from this seller in the future.
6- Battery is replaceable and memory SD slot is available.
8471	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The good stuff:
9685	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love my P-Touch and use a lot of this tape.  I label lots of things and this tape is great for almost anything needing a label.
Since the tech instructions, tell you to keep them down to under 350 feet, these cables, whether they are long or short, are in the right lengths.
7426	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Do you remember the toy walkie talkies that you had as a kid, this radio is nothing like that.  The TalkAbout 250 is a high quality 2 way radio made by Motorola.  This radio has the look of a toy, especially the yellow model, but once you try it out, you will quickly realize that it is no toy.  All of the TalkAbout models operate on the FRS - Family Radio Service  frequency which has about a 2 mile range, and works well inside and outside  of buildings as well as inside of vehicles.
8029	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The quality of this cable from Belkin seems to be good. They fit my router and are easy to install and remove. I have had trouble with some Ethernet cables in the past so I bought 3 different sizes of Belkin  and they all worked great. I even tested the cable and it was fine. I'll definitely buy these again in the future.
8389	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	They are light and comfortable BUT it has an accentuated (but not pleasant) low end, severe lack of mid and high frequencies.  Sounds like you're in a "boom tube".  Very disappointed.  I've been looking for a pair of "flat" realistic sounding headphones.  The cheap pair that used to come with a Walkman years ago are much better than anything I've found so far recently.  Also, as someone else stated, these headphones have very poor sensitivity.  Need the volume raised way above the point needed for any other headphones or earbuds that I have tried
9341	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The dealer had the lowest price: 1/5th of the local office supply store! Love these labels and use it for LOTS more than just labeling files; there's a quote on my desk to remind me to breathe and focus. A tiny strip of plastic, changing a life in a tiny way.
6989	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable works just like it should. I use it to have an extension on my Wii controllers when I play without needing any movement. That way they stay charged while I waste my life away.
Initial reactions, I like the case. It was thick and felt pretty solid. I liked the way the case held the iPad and overall the case seemed really well built. Now, I don't have ANY issues with the build quality. The case is built very well. And others have complained about the thickness, well I expected it to be a little thick since it now has a notebook with it. My measurement, it's just at the 1" mark in terms of thickness.
7300	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as expected.  Good quality reasonable price.

John

2760	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Si alguna vez han querido volver a sentir lo que se sinti al leer a Tolkien por primera vez o lo que se siente al leer a George R.R. Martin en su famoso "Juego de Tronos". Pues esta vez la lectura est an mejor, todo lo que describe el Maestro Posteguillo es espectacular, una aproximacin al 99% de la realidad de la poca y 100% sustentable y documentada. Sugiero empezar con "Africanus, el hijo del consul". Cuando empiecen con tal libro seguirn a este y luego a "La Traicin de Roma". Para despus seguir a la triloga maravillosa sobre el emperador Trajano con "Los Asesinos del Emperador" y "Circo Mximo" (los fanticos de Posteguillo ya estamos ad portas de recibir el tercer libro que a la fecha no tiene ttulo). Cranme que me van a agradecer en el alma por la recomendacin que les hago.
3339	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product. No issues.
7823	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	great cable, but its not good near heat. my ps3 was melting the rubber but it wasn't damaging it.
YouTube: free/pre-installed on all Android/Apple phones/tablets I know of, not available on the Nook Tablet, not in the Nook store.


 Accurate speed measurement (speedo is WAY optimistic on my bike); Location information is fantastic; Waypoints help trip planning; Unit is water resistant; The Garmin MapSource Software is pretty good
However, the product itself is far from being a good eBook Reader.
It works great but it does NOT play all region dvds.
4103	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Now I can install the full maps on the micro SD card (4 GB), and have the full 1.8 GB available on the GPS for vehicle, voices and other extras.
1123	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	If you want a top-line ereader, go with one of the Kindle ereaders.  However, if just a basic ereader will do, get a Nook Simple Touch. It's quite cheap now, plus it can last a long time between battery charges.  I've had a Nook ST for 3+ years, and it can get pretty close to a month between charges, depending on level of use.  Screen resolution is less than on more modern Kindle readers, and it is NOT back-lit, but otherwise, the Nook ST should handle all your basic ereading needs.  It is completely readable even in direct sunlight.  It's light and durable.  I have mine in a soft case to give it extra protection from accidental drops.
Not much (if anything) new is being made in the way of a mouse that works on PS2.  If you need a mouse on PS2 port, look to eBay and make sure it specifically says it works on PS2.  I did find a nice Logitech wireless PS2 capable mouse on ebay.  Even was new in sealed package.  But you could tell it's been sitting somewhere for 10 years or so as the batteries that came with it were totally corroded.  Logitech did well in their packaging, though as the battery corrosion was contained and didn't get on the mouse or the receiver.
Do no buy these. Go with Monoprice's hook and loop cable ties. They are a lot better quality and firmly grasp the cable and have velcro along the entire strap.


8657	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
I actually returned this and in its stead purchased a similar mount from the same company. The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/VideoSecu-Swing-LCD-Wall-Mount-20-inch-Extension-55-lb-loading-capacity-for-LCD-TV-Monitor-Flat-Screen-VESA-75mm-100-mm-1US/dp/B000R0FG5W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">VideoSecu Swing LCD Wall Mount 20 inch Extension 55 lb loading capacity for LCD TV Monitor Flat Screen VESA 75mm/100 mm 1US</a>&nbsp;gets very high marks from me. It's basically the same arm with a 75x75 to 100x100 VESA head on it. This second arm did not have any of the manufacturing errors of the previous model and fit the back of my tv perfectly.
9296	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It fits my labeler.
> Insert an AAA battery, plug into your computer USB port, "drag and drop" MP3 or WMA files from your computer.
4829	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Brought the old VHS back to life.
8945	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's great for any USA ISP Speed. it's still great cable to pass even 4K video through this cable with no problem.
9188	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is great for jogging and sports, but for most, an hour of music isn't  enough. If I added an hour more as in memory, it would cost me $150/64megs!  I spend at least 4 hours(10 hours max)listening to music... while I could  saved it for the new Mp3 players(capacity in the Gigs!) arriving later this  year, well that's what they said.


9486	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these for my PT-65 and was quite happy to find them available. Great price for them too. I would recommend grabbing one or two while they are on here. I find the originals rather hard to find these days. Not that the generic ones aren't up to par. It was just nice to find some originals. I tried one in my printer today and it is working great. I would recommend these if you have a compatible label maker.  :-)
2634	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item is small and does the job well.  We use it for our Android phones, and my daughter uses it for her iPhone and iPad (she's the rebel).
3616	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This saves a lot of memory for my phone..  I would get another one if even more storage is needed.
5487	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The best wire ties in the world, and look professional when installed! Thank you!
7020	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Exactly what I needed for my room.  Running a connection through the e-sata to my computer and through usb to my ps3.  (just not at the same time.)
333	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A+++
37	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	An excellent product/price, and super-fast shipping.
5141	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I recommend this products but today may Concorde not use more but it is good  when I have 6 years ago
9995	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This keyboard is an excellent addition to the Palm PDA.  It is best used for taking notes on the fly and junking all the notepaper usually used in paper organizers.  It also makes access to special symbols faster when you  are using your Palm in the field.  Several functions are also available via  Shift or Alt (Toggle backlight, Cut, Copy, Paste, Details, etc).  It even  has two holes at each upper corner to temporarily store the stylus for  later access.  I rated it four out of five, for the following reasons: 1)  It monopolizes the periperhal port (it would be great to attach a modem to  this particular keyboard while it is attached); 2) I would really like to  have had Home/End functionality similar to a real keyboard.  Otherwise, I  recommend it to people who find themselves answering e-mails with their  Palm or for those who don't want to lug around a laptop.
2081	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I looked at many book lights and ended up buying this one. I am very pleased. It has uniform light distribution and the clip works well. It is light and simple.

9121	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
I plugged it into the DVI-D port on my GPU with the dual link cable, fired up my PC, and had no issues with anything being recognized or configured.  I had to turn the brightness down, because, well, this thing can get bright...but that's a good thing.
1. The processor. Sometimes the Nook will run into reboots that can take up to a minute, though they never actually seem to help the Nook itself. It can't handle that many downloads at once, which can make your downloading of the Angry Birds series.

Though I like the look of it, particularly the two part plastic piece that clips to the wall mount portion to cover the bolts, I feel that the one I ordered wasn't well made.
2602	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	the charger was good enough to charger phones. but their was a little rust on the outer usb port area. besides that is a good product.
2272	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought these for my son because i wanted some headphones to go over his ears like they have at schools, but for a good price. The price is really good for these, but, The sound quality is horrible have to wiggle the cord often, and the packaging all I can say is wow, glad they was not broken.
7670	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like it, especially for the price.  I had purchased a cable at Wal-Mart for about the same price, took it home, opened the package and it was a piece of crap.  It looked like the connector would break off, after I'd unhooked it from my laptop 4 or 5 times.  This one I saw on Amazon is FIVE TIMES BETTER.  Nice design, nice weight, does what I need.  It does have a different type of connector that hooks to the computer.  You put your finger kind of in the center of the connector to detach it.  At first, I thought it was kind of weird, because of the wings, but it's great, because it really protects your actual plastic connector from breaking or bending.  Thumbs up on the design.
7880	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Buy these at Amazon.  Great quality, and thoughtful design - helps avoid breaking the snap clip when unplugging from your ethernet device.  Only time I wouldn't buy these is for a GIGABIT (6e) network.  If you have the older Cat5 ethernet, these work flawlessly
2218	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My kids love these.

4981	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have to say its a bit over priced for the fact that most don't even use VHS anymore, but I actually prefer VHS still over dvds because I don't have to worry about resurfacing when scratched so that the move will work again. My VCR had never been cleaned when i purchased it many yrs ago, found this one here on Amazon, was not happy that this was the cheapest and not cheap, but had to get it anyway. It did work though!
The device is set as static on that IP address from the factory, if you are unable to reach the print server web GUI, set your computer to a static IP on the same subnet and you should be able to talk directly to the print server.
5047	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	it's one of the better shower radios for sure, but it still sounds like a shower radio.

5269	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It receives and plays mono radio (AM and FM) exceptionally well.  It sounds great, with surprisingly good bass.
I think I was right.  Most of the material is available for reference either on the Apple website or under the help menu.
1770	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great book and author
Loaded with a 64 GB micro SD card, this thing has extraordinary data storage capacity, and with
7256	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quality product. Would highly recommend to anyone.
9383	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The tape is fine - I just rec'd the wrong one and..... I accidently used it, so I'll re-order the correct one.
4174	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered 2 of these,
4508	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product and nice quality. No problems with use. Thanks Amazon! :)
8682	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I think peoples' expectations of web cams are so low that they rate things at 4 or 5 stars too easily.
6652	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Belkin F5U002 Rev 2

6112	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Just like the CD scratch removers, this is more gimmick than help.  I would give it a lower rating, but I can't say that I hate it - I just see no value in it!
3516	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Dose exactly what I need it to do , works very well with my Phantom  f40 camera , videos and stills .
3395	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Did not work in my wife's Samsung Galaxy S4 for some reason.
8879	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this to run a line a data line for a DSL connection. Cutting off the ends of the cable for the wire run showed that this is stranded wire rather than solid copper like a standard CAT 5 cable. I have terminated a fair share of CAT5 cables and this is the first time I have found stranded wire. Guess you get what you pay for.
My only gripe was the incredible number of beatings the guy took, and each time it seemed he was almost dead, but came back fighting.. a little unbelievable, but the rest was solid.
Overall, these are a good buy and work well at a reasonable price.  Four stars.

There is a better radio available from  Motorola called the "TalkAbout Distance", which is much more  expensive, and requires a license to use.  The TalkAbout 250 is not the top  of the line TalkAbout, but will be great for most peoples needs.
5963	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price.

223	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Super for your photos. Loved the vintage look.


YMMV, but most Android devices made in the last year or two, using 4.0 or higher (Ice Cream Sandwich), shouldn't have any problems.

Used Nook (Had for a bit more than a week before I returned it. Was originally 4 years old when I purchased it): It came with two faded lines that went across the screen that would be apparent during reading. It wash;t that big of a deal for me since the lines were above the sentences and didn't bother me while reading and seeing how since my device was about four years old, I didn't care too much. Though when the battery couldn't hold a charge I had to send it back.
3376	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We are heading to Europe this summer.  Of course, we'll have an array of electronic devices with us (camera, kindle, phones, etc.) and I wanted to make sure we could keep things charged as needed during our trip no matter where we ended up.  This is a perfect solution at a very affordable price.
6800	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a durable cord that has served my needs. 10-feet was exactly what I needed. Hopefully I won't buy too many of these in my lifetime LOL
-very very good sound through phones( if you have good ones)
For fans of the author- if you had not ordered already, feel free to go ahead.  You won't be disappointed.  For others new to Stephen Leather, I think this would be a great jump in point on a talented author.  While I wait for the next two books in the series, I will probably start working my way through his earlier works as well.  This book caused me more than a few late nights, while I read "one more page".  Can't praise it more than that.
3796	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Well it seemed to be working fine for about six hours, then it began discharging my GPS completely.  Had to charge it several hours in car to get it working again.
Feb 6 17 Threough the item intothe garbage. It would not write  a DVD nor a rewritable DVD.
* nook must be turned on to charge the battery, and it can take over half a day to fully charge
The picture quality is impressive---I usually can't tell the difference between the pictures it takes and pictures taken  with a $340 SLR that I have scanned in.
ISBN-13: 978-0-7897-4303-9
Although the battery is stated to last for up to 2.5 hours, I've never gotten more than an hour and 50 minutes from a ful charge. Never the less, a `full' cell will usually last me a week or so, since I don't use it too much. One somewhat inconvenient thing about the battery, though: you have to remove it to recharge it, instead of just plugging it directly into an AC adapter/charger. And even though the storage on 3.5 inch disks is convenient in one sense (I can download the pics from the disk into the hard drive faster), the limited capacity of the disk can be a problem. At most, I can get 18 images onto one floppy.

In this case, you will get what you pay for.  I plan on contacting the seller; I'm hoping to get a refund.
But at least I can find used lps for bargain prices now, eh?
7788	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm
3609	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should
6503	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product at a great price.  It arrived on time and as described.
5552	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I travel with cpap machine and this works great for my hose, power cord and extension cord. Highly recommended, A+++


4530	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just as expected!!


808	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't work too well with my lg v10, and the sad thing is that it's specifically for my phone, just a bad product, a waste of money
The cable came in a plastic bubble, tightly coiled around to fit in as small a plastic bubble as it possibly can.  The color is a little darker than you would see in the picture, but then you are not buying this because it looks pretty.  And it might look darker due to my room lighting.
Oh, and I would like a thinner bezel.  When using in a multi-monitor setup, it makes for a larger seam.
3201	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	in my case dosent work, i try hard an many hours but nothing do it. they reconize my print an IP adress but went i send to print nothing happens
4699	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Trashed them.
4306	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This wire is exactly what I needed to use my cannon camera on the tv.  I would buy it again.
5646	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Both dvd drives weren't recognized on start up. Ahrrreg! When I put in the Alsop and FORCED my computer to read
This reader has a browser which you can use to get on the internet.  It was handy when we were in a hotel with wifi and I didn't bring the laptop and I needed to know when a business opened.  It's certainly not easy to surf, this would not be my choice to use unless in a pinch.
2278	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	built cheaper than you think not worth even sending back do not buy i would give no stars if i could cheap cheap cheap did i say cheap  cheap cheap  cheap cheap  cheap cheap  cheap  cheap  cheap cheap  cheap cheap  cheap cheap  cheap cheap  cheap cheap  cheap cheap  cheap  cheap  cheap cheap  cheap cheap  cheap cheap  cheap CHEAP cheap CHEAP  cheap CHEAP cheap CHEAP  CHEAP cheap CHEAP  cheap CHEAP cheap CHEAP wouldn't buy for my 9 year old daughter she would think i didn't love her and throw them at me CHEAP CHEAP cheap CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP cheap CHEAP not just inexpensive  these are garbage worse than fruitcake at christmas they should be ashamed of themselves
7206	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a good, high quality USB cable. Not much more needs to be said.



2950	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got it for my uncle's new slim laptop. No complaints as of yet.
10) try to re-open the first one, not open either
9054	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does a Great job
6596	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Did the job

1971	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used several models of Mighty Bright book lights for years, daily and for travel, and this one is the best.  It's the brightest, and the wider 6-LED head illuminates a whole page of a hardcover book and both pages of a small paperback.  It has 2 brightness settings controlled by the on/off button on the head (though I don't find much of a difference in the 2 settings).  The button is easier and quicker to use than the slider switch on my others.  It goes through batteries faster than the smaller-head lights with fewer LEDs, but I use rechargeables so it's not a problem for me.
4406	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i love this cord !!! shipped on time. Product was better than expected !!!only problem, wished I has ordered 2. thanks amazon
This account has outstanding character development, scene description, and intrigue. Highly recommended for all ages, 10-90! Elephant Run
Going back to library books, I had to install Adobe Digital Editions onto my PC (my library had the link to download - free).  This software allows you to manage your ebooks on your Nook.

4004	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a new SD card for my phone and this is perfect. The price is great and it comes with the large adapter so you can upload pictures directly to your computer if you wish. Priced about the same or a little better than I have seen in the stores.

4562	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have an older vehicle and wanted to stream radio stations from my phone to the car stero. I tried the wireless transmitter and there was too much interference. This unit has some slight background hiss but I use it everyday and I'm very happy with the way it functions. It will connect to phones and MP3 players.
2)  Very good FM reception (although I must admit I mostly just listen to AM talk radio.)
The only downside, some fools will think your screen is paper and they will touch it in awe and smudge up your reading screen.
7531	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the design! helps my office situation for sharing power and using big block adapters.
-i use a safety pin so i could attach it my uniform better. may pull the clothes down a bit (need to break in the wires has to be looser) this is something small
2639	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Simple, it is cheap, plugs right into your power port in your car, and works. I have not had any problems with it at all.
3) Good reception.
976	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to upgrade my Galaxy Tab 3 from 32 to 64 (max cap), this was a good price. Moved the old 32 to my GSII phone (also now at max cap). That's a hell of a lot of songs on the MP3 player!!

Anyway, this is a book that is more focused on a male readership, I think. The pace is fast and the characters are developed, but the plot is mostly focused on action and not talking, and that's just fine with me. I really enjoy these sorts of stories, and I'll probably end up buying the final book in this series for myself to read before too much more time passes. In the meantime, I'll be moving on to the 2nd book in the series, Midnight, next.

591	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I received the proper item. not the one pictured here. it fit almost perfect. minor adjustment. works as stated. I am completely happy with this purchase. rated 4 star because of minor adjustment. would recommend to a friend/.price was very low. compared to other stores.  pat. 2378
I love the "free Friday" that is offered. I have read SOOO many books since I bought it.
7573	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great items, they worked great. I would recommend and buy again.
8245	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Switching from a 100Mb Parallel Zip drive to this USB one has saved me countless minutes that I used to spend staring at the stupid little bars slowly indicating that my files were being transferred.
1922	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the book, saw one my class mate had I ordered it asap.
6326	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its just what I needed for connected my new switch to the network. Definitely worth picking up more in the future.
734	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have three of these mounts on one wall with 32" tvs on them.  Very easy to install. Prevented thieves from taking my tvs when they broke in last year.
8319	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I broke the volume control on my inexpensive 5 watt speakers and was looking to replace them. I purchased the ASC22's with a rebate so it was an excellent price but they are not nearly as good as the Yahama's were. No tone control so these sound very bassy (but not a good bass) and I can't increase the treble. The yamahas at least had a tone control. I'm going to look for the yahama YSTM40's which have 24 watts power, seperate bass and treble controls, comes in black, and doesn't have a subwoofer which I don't need. The Altecs go back. (...)
522	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	is not 400x600 compatible but just disconnect one of the screw from the extension arm and move it forward one more, and it will fit, but you will just have 2 screw on the bottem arms and not 3, but it's okay i mounted it like that and it stable. I like it a lot.
2299	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	a nice design to look and important for its storage memory only need to be careful in them down as they are delicate but is a good product they recommend.
Recommendations, I have a silicone slip cover to protect my Nook if I drop it, I also have a slightly hardcover case to protect the Nook when it is in my purse, I do have a book light as the screens are not backlit to avoid glare.
8166	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I'll keep it short and simple.  The price is the best in town and no problems when connected from my modem to the computer.  The packaging was the usual plastic bubble over a piece of cardboard...the good news is the plastic bubble was easily removed from the cardboard without having to spend the better part of a day getting through the packaging.  This ease of access to the product is a rare commodity.  Most manufacturers seem to think packaging (especially for electronic items and toys) should be a test of endurance with possibly slicing off one's fingers to remove the product from the packaging.  Highly recommended for its low price, no operational problems when installed, and ease of removing item from packaging.
I really like holding it to read- I generally read ridiculously thick books, so its nice to have something small and light to hold instead of a massive book that I have to prop up (and its so much nicer to read from than an iPad- the iPad is fine to read from, and i never seemed to feel screen fatigue, but it is way too heavy to hold with one hand). Initially I didn't realize that the two buttons on either side of the screen move the page forward or back, so I was touching the screen each time- the delay time is a bit longer that way, and it was annoying to have to use both hands. As soon as I realized that the buttons existed, the experience got even better.


6737	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a grab bar that did not look industrial.  This one is nice looking and functional.  The satin nickel finish is attractive and the design works well as the bar can be grabbed from more than one direction.  Just what I was looking for.
7484	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product.
You don't have to be a NASA engineer to use this thing: Complementary tech support is available
There is a thoughtful elastic strap to keep it closed, but I'm not sure how long that would last with everyday usage.
7838	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I already own one of these surge protectors and like it very much.  So when the need arose to purchase a second surge protector I went with another Kensington 62634.  For me the major selling point is the sixteen foot cord.

Get this card and you will get the convenience of file and print sharing when used in conjunction with some sort of hub and windows network neighborhood.  Anyone with little to no computer expertise can do this just by following the instructions.  It may be a little difficult if you are scared of computers, but it can still be done.  Just follow the pictures that come on the step by step setup foldout.
8146	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Don't care about color the cords are hidden. Just like the high priced store cables. Great packaging. Why go to BB when you can get these.
1622	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent story that keeps you wanting more. if you have an open mind, read this now!
After my experience, I cannot recommend this unit to others. I don't think it's fair that this company charges Windows 2000 users extra $.. for buggy software. And I think they could improve the USB connect so it isn't so difficult to use. I am giving this Unit two stars because it does the job, but only after spending a lot of time and some additional money to make it work.
Audio seems a little off ... not sure if it is the cable or not... I mean it does not sound as crisp as listen direct from card and from computer...  No more thought is given to that...
3456	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good, fast service.  Very pleased, thanks
Cons:

1624	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I did not finish this book. It was hard to keep me wanting more. I tried to stick it out but not worth the buy, even if the price is right.
5480	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Was exactly as described and am completely satisfied with it.
Different would be one way of describing "Four Years From Home".  Most people assume since I write dark, not-so-cozy murder mysteries that my taste in literature runs the gamut of James Patterson, Tami Hoag, Kay Hooper, Patricia Cornwell and other mystery writers with a penchant for murder and mayhem.  They would be right to a certain extent, but I also loved C. S. Lewis.  The first time I read "The Screw Tape Letters" I was amazed, thrilled and awed by a work of literary art so deep, and so exquisite  I almost felt I should chop off my fingers for even considering myself to be an author.  "The Screw Tape Letters" was different.  A book that inspired great passion in those who read it, and those who attempted to read it and burned it as blasphemy.  Growing up in the Bible belt I naturally assumed it would burst into flames as soon as I opened it, or at the very least I would be stricken with some horrible malady for reading such "trash".  It has a place of honor on my bookshelf as being one of the true literary arts of my time, and the exact opposite of what I was led to believe.  That's all I can say about it without giving you spoilers.
I take my Nook with me every where! My children are still in love with my Nook and love to play the games on my Nook or read a book. My husband even likes for the children to read books on the Nook. The Nook has brought so much fun and the joy of reading to our family!
7810	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	it is an extension, just have color. Nevertheless, small and fit perfectly where I  wanted it to be placed.
Belkin recommends that both adapters be plugged directly into the wall outlet, instead of into a UPS or power strip with surge protection because these may filter out the powerline signal being transmitted.  But because I did not want these two adapters to use up two wall outlet sockets, I went ahead and plugged my router-connected adapter into a large power strip that offers surge protection and my player-connected adapter into another simple "extension cord" power strip, and I did not notice any degradation of signal quality or connection speed.  If you decide to also try plugging in the adapters to power strips, make sure to test your connection quality and speed both plugging directly into the wall outlet and plugging into the power strip to see if your performance is affected.  The adapters have a specified operating range of up to 1,000 feet, and if you connect it to an Ethernet switch or bridge, you can connect up to 8 devices per endpoint.
9823	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product and good price
2095	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The little light is very bright and white. The flexible neck is perfectly bendable and stays in place where you put it. I think it's great. Definitely recommend.
5558	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cleaned it good
613	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I hung this in my house with great ease and it held up my 8 year old son because I wasn't going to put the 55" flat screen on it to find out that it failed. Fully extends out 2 feet. This was worth the money.

3867	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very stable for tablet to TV....love it. Pricing is best out there. Ordering 2 more. Absolutely love this for the price and function.
4018	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good cable

9286	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
323	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Holds up my older and very heavy 42" plasma TV at a 90 degree angle without an issue.  Its a quality product. Very well made!
The battery does not last as long as I expected.  I get maybe a week and a half out of it, if I turn it completely off when not using it--and if I have it on airplane mode (not wifi enabled).  I do read at least a few hours a day.  The time is much shorter if I let it just hibernate.
I've read a lot of bad press on this little guy.  Most of the bad press seemed to stem from consumer reviews, which I honestly take to heart more-so than professional critics.  Here is a list of things I've noticed people don't seem entirely too fond of regarding the Nook, and my experience with these 'negative' aspects.



Fourth mouse button not recognized as a fourth button by games, must be assigned to a key.

Mary Bridget Washburn must escape her prodigal and criminal past and seek a new life. So she retreats to the small town of Alexandria, Virginia. There she gets a position as a nanny for a widowed pastor with three young children. The oldest of those children is defiant and may be tempted by drugs. Mary perhaps can save her  at the cost of her own anonymity.

6531	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	GOOD
Price... I'm really kicking myself not buying this when it was $99
9738	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good working
7051	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item works as advertised.  No problems with it - worth the purchase price. :-)
6953	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product was shipped very quickly and received in excellent condition.  It was perfect for my purpose of connecting my PC to my TV. I highly recommend this product.
* Fast web server interface, boot/reboot time is about 5 seconds, and navigation is very snappy.
2759	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This book is in perfect conditions. I liked it!!!
2159	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Awesome little book light with a powerful LED.This thing is so bright I use it as a flashlight too. The adjustable head allows you to use this little guy on books large and small. The metal clip will scratch up the cover of some books if you're worried about that. I prefer strength and quality over a few scratches on a paperback. The only issue is the power switch is small and not held in place very well. It has fallen off a couple of times. It easily pops back into place and the light is still useable without the button, but sooner or later the button is going to go missing and I'll be left turning the thing on and off with a dime.
6701	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	what can you really say about a cable? It simply works and does what it's supposed to do. good quality cable.
9241	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	If you are considering the Sony (I can't remember the #) there is not much difference other than the price (the Sony is almost double). I've also never used the extra 30 minutes.
The sad thing is the hardware is MORE THAN capable of running all these services but is being prevented from doing so by the B&N tablet software and their 'walled garden' approach - similar to that adopted by Apple but without their huge app store and connected services to create the illusion that you are not in an ecosystem prison.

2. Get one that has a large battery capacity.
UPDATE: It's now March 26th and I still like this headset. I bought a 6 dollar adapter for the jack from D&K Exclusives and I can now use it with an iPhone, too.  Good solution as I didn't like the headset that came with the iPhone - didn't fit my ear.

great price

In addition to the romance, Country Heaven also focuses on family - and what family really means.
Simon weaves these protagonists into his plots like any good, if formulaic suspense writer. The story twists and turns like a sports car on hilly English roads, and practically every chapter changes the reality of whatever came before. Here and there, strategically placed sections backtrack to different POVs or plot threads, or otherwise delve into some seemingly mundane sideshow--often after a cliffhanger.

6668	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This patchcord was billed as a way to use my MS joystick with my current XP based computer.  It did not work at all!
6620	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Did not think a cable this long would work so was surprised when it did I was very pleased
- touch right or left sides of screen to page forwards or backwards - OR - use the hardware buttons on the top sides of the frame
5234	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This radio is not the GE model 7-2887 that Electronics Warehouse is claiming it to be but the same old sorry RCA 7887 model that everyone else is selling on Amazon. I bought the radio on the chance it was old stock since GE stopped manufacturing this model in 2008 but was very disappointed with the RCA 7887 that I received. The radio was sent back to EW and they were given one-star for falsely misleading the radio as a GE product. EW e-mailed a response stating that the radio was the same as the GE but having done my homework, found this model has gone through at least two versions changes in the last three years since RCA placed it's brand on it and in each case the quality became poorer and poorer.

1198	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	We bought one of these for my mother-in-law hoping to get her a piece of technology that would be enjoyable for her to use. It has been nothing but a pain. Her main thing she uses it for is reading books from the library. This requires a process that involves going through hoops, a computer, and an Adobe ID and software. Having experience with an Amazon Kindle (the very basic one) and iPads with library books, this was an absolute pain and I feel bad for my in-laws. What should be a two-five step process is way more complex and requires special software on the computer to transfer the ebook to the nook. There have been several occasions where my father-in-law (who is ok with technology) has called up and spent hours on the phone with my husband trying to figure out how to get a book onto the nook.
5809	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great on my computer and video equipment I needed one of these for some time now . did not realize how much a dirty drive could affect the program your trying to run.

USB Connection is standard Android.  I don't know if LG puts out a unique signal that requires this.
2027	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed something to effectively illuminate my laptop keyboard, but not flood light in the room. THIS is the answer. I knew Mighty Bright had good products, and this one is also top of the line. Perfect length, and the fact that it has not ONE, BUT TWO light for dual power is just over the top COOL. I absolutely recommend this light ....
7151	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Super product at a great price. I will buy again. AAAAAA+++++
These are NOT high-quality sound headphones.  The sound tends to be muddled together, even after they break in, and I already lost the pathetic rings of rubber that surround these.  How they could manage to fall off is anyone's guess, but they did, and that reduces the comfort of the headphones considerably.  Furthermore, since they don't fit into your ear properly, the sound is quite "tinny", and they tend to fall out whenever I walk to classes.
2 sheep
This one has all the features I needed with one major exception, it does not record in stereo! It receives radio in stereo and plays it in the headphones in stereo but will not playback in stereo. WHY? It does not skip when playing back and you can choose the quality of the recorded material. I would have given this unit 5 stars if it also recorded and played back in stereo.
4997	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I tried this item multiple times on 3 different players. It did not work! It did not play in spite of trying all of the instructions. I would expect far more of Maxell. I would like my $ back but it is not worth the shipping and handling to send it. The VHS dry cleaner works fine as have all of the Maxell product that I have used in the past. This is a ripoff!
261	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	this is a great idea. I know that virtually nothing computer-related comes with an instruction manual, and yes, you can just turn on your Macbook and it'll work, but there's so much you miss out on.
1380	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I will buy another anytime soom.  Be awarded...  I bought it second handed and bought a 32gb one, got the 16gb version.  At least it included a cover.  Next time I buy something second handed I will buy the smaller capacity possible.
Book Info: Genre: Urban Fantasy/Occult Detective
Buy it and enjoy it!
5643	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	as described
7117	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This same cable sells for over $20.00 at local electronics stores.  Not only was this an incredible buy, but customer contact was professional and consistent.  I will certainly purchase here again - look out Fort Worth!



1862	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I initially set my 13 year old up with NetBeans/C++ and he took to the book quickly and started working his way through the examples.  He got stuck on the graphics chapter since it uses the old Borland graphics library (without any mention of it).
7747	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
Gripes, very few and very minor.  The device has four raised marks on its face.  Two on the left and two on the right.  They're buttons for page forward and reverse and can be switch in software as to which set goes forward such and so forth.  I don't use them as I have a hard time pressing them.  I find that if you don't press these lines dead center you aren't pressing the button underneath and there's no tactile feedback that you're on the center of the line.  Perhaps a little dimple or such, similar to the home keys on a keyboard, might help.  Even dead center I find the buttons require a bit more "push" than I find easy to do without thinking.  As i said previously, I find it much easier to simply swipe or tap the screen to advance the pages.  Which leads me to touching or swiping the screen.  Sometimes it works a little too well.  When I'm reading a book and have my thumb close to the screen in anticipation of changing the page it will sometimes trigger the page turn without ever actually touching the screen.  Unless it's developed ESP I think it's a just a tad too sensitive.  Also, when I do actually touch the screen, on rare occasions, it will double advance or triple advance the page.  Screen refreshes are much better than 1st gen devices but in bright light there's still a slight ghosting.  They mitigate that by performing a full screen flash every four page turns.  You'll notice the whole screen turn black very quickly before the text returns.  Again, no issues in normal light and I can only see ghosting in very bright direct sunshine.  The only other issue worth mentioning is the Micro SD slot.  I've read that many people have had problems with this slot not holding the memory cards, it tends not to "lock" them into place.  I had that same problem and was about to replace the device when it just started working.  Perhaps I wasn't pushing the SD deep enough into the slot as it has to go flush with the opening before it clicks now.  It also gave me some guff in recognizing the card but after a reboot (not just powering off) everything was again hunky dory.
2383	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great in the car!
4837	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	VERY GOOD.
5447	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Headset is comfortable and works well. I can still get things done around the house while talking on the phone and this is a great help.  Only drawback is that microphone is mounted on plastic mouth piece and this limits adjustability for the distance from mouth to microphone.
3. Your county library might be on the list of Nook rentals. In the county in which I reside in North Carolina, our county library is fortunate enough to have a system in which I can rent books for 14 days from the library. This also is something the Kindle does not have. Before I go off on how great the feature for renting books is, I should point out that the library is going to have a limited selection of books for you to rent. I'm a big Thomas Sowell reader and he has approximately 30 books out on the market. However, the county library that I rent from has only 1 book from his selection. So do you're research before you buy a book, your county library might have it already. The feature, as I have seen, is relatively easy to use. You do have to hard wire your Nook to your computer after you download some software, but it's really simple and the kind people at your local county library can assist you on how to do this. In fact our county library had everything we needed in terms of software and directions on their website.
Transfer speeds are quite fast.
3) I can cover up a previous label.  Clear labels you must peel off before putting a new one down.
6615	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Connected my desktop PC to my HDTV. I play games so a wireless mouse and wireless keyboard are too slow and kill too many batteries. Hard-wired them and while the cords are annoying, I'm happy.
6402	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item arrived as expected
6935	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fit for my lifecam and does not slow down the connection! Did the job of what I expected! Pleased about it!

362	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've bought two of these mounts for mounting a 47" TV. They installed easily and with little hassle. You will need a drill for making the pilot holes, but otherwise it's a very simple install. 2 years later and they still work great.
6489	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was skeptical that this item could work.  I remember many years ago trying out a similar idea regarding phone extensions.  That never worked well.  This however, works.  Your signal will be much better than Wi-Fi.
7644	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love the new connector make hook up very easy, Belkin always makes a great product
6321	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed cable for specific purpose and and specific length and color. This was perfect and I would recommend to everyone


913	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well for GoPro Hero4 black. Can record 4k video with seemingly no issues.
2242	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Product arrived as promised and seems to work fine. Great price on this product as the big box stores charge much more for a product that really does not perform any better.  Good Value for the money.

6966	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We used this USB extension cable to move the clutter off our computer desk and into the cabinet on top of the desk. It worked wonderfully! This cable simply gives your USB device a longer cord, so don't expect anything else from it. You really cannot beat this for the price!
thanx to San Disk for a good product.
6) MUST HAVE FOR ANY AUDIOPHILE WHO IS ON A BUDGET
9744	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Item as described
5022	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Does the job, but isbhard to search for songs.
7087	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this extension for my USB hub, I hated having my hub being connected to the computer and having to go through all that trouble just to plug a device in! Now with the extension, it is much more convenient.

It may be for you, it may not. Do your research, read forums and reviews, go into the respective stores and hold and try the device.
9492	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like the variety of colors choices and combinations now. Arrived quickly as promised
6673	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	they work on dvd/cd/blurays like magic . very good buy .
You know what travel/suspense is--James Bond does it all the time. Historically, white slave traders would ship British girls across Asia, often with little regard for their safe arrival (they could always send more). But while I'm used to reading Brits or Americans threatened by sinister foreigners in distant lands, Lewis turns the thriller on its head. For the distant land is the West, and the foreigners speak English.
9238	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Having been a professional photographer for over 25 years I expected Nikon to produce superior results.  Forget that the camera is difficult to use, the final quality of the pictures is poor.  If you shoot only in sunlight  or shadow it's OK, but mix them and the result is unacceptable.  No  latitude, or gamma, and even Photoshop fails to correct the problems.  Maybe in the future, but until then, buy something to play with but use  real film.  I returned mine...
When I journal, it will be so nice to have a tablet for my left hand!
4222	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I tried several times over to download this card and format it because it would not work on my computer.  The card kept freezing when trying to transfer info onto it, and it shut my computer down three times as of now.  This card was purchased for my blackberry bold and it is not working as many reviewers stated it would.  Maybe I got a bad one
Highly recommended. A great value.

Craig Fenton
5502	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Haven't used it yet. Five stars just of the heck of it....LOL
1544	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is my first new nook (I had ordered my first ever nook that was used and I enjoyed it for a week till the battery refused to keep a charge, though my seller was kind enough to give me a full refund). So, I'll give my experience with both.
8930	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There's not much to say.  This cable does the job intended and works just fine. Considering the price, it's a great buy!


5155	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have an older video camera and wasn't sure that tapes were still available.  These work great.
My god is it pretty, no more bland black with white lettering.  It almost feels like I bought a shiny new exotic car
5659	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A+
5070	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A wonderful product. Well-built. Very clear reception. Easy set-up. The flat, broad bottom is a great feature as it prevents tipping it over when it is placed on a surface such as a sink.
5574	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed a new cable between modem and router. This does the job nicely
2836	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice product, feels quality, and works well.  Charges my samsung s5 and my tab S 8.4 really fast. I have an Iphone user that plugs in for fast charges as well.
2) Nook Simple touch is smaller and lighter than the equivalent Kindle e-reader.  Nevertheless, screen-size is ample.


I guess that's what happens when you buy cheap, Made-In-China, crap! You GET cheap, Made-In-China CRAP!
2458	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	doesnt do too well when two iphones are plugged it. it turns on and off, works perfectly fine for one tho.
I live in a highrise apartment right in downtown Boston and there is much dust.  When a cd player starts acting up you don't know what's going on at first.  If its dead, its dead.  But if cds are skipping or playing errartically what do you do?  Is it the player itself?  First you clean the cds.  Maybe its a simple problem.  Well, my cd player was having a field day at the time - cds jumping and skipping all over.  I purchased this product, used it correctly and voila - the cd player worked perfectly.  All the problems cleared up.  Now, whenever it starts to skip I know it is from dust or something in the player and it just needs a simple clean.
3232	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They're cables that work. What more is there to say?
6992	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I am usually very "details aware" but I also did not realize that this was old-school USB 1 and NOT USB 2 capable.


799	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very durable.

4977	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We still use our VCRs to watch older tapes and occasionally the units get dirty and project striations on the screen so that the picture is obscured.  This happens probably once a month.  A couple drops of the Maxell VCR Wet Cleaner on the cleaner unit clears up all problems.  The product does exactly what it advertises.
5 stars all the way.
Still, the writing sputters a bit. However tight, Simon still uses too many words to build his sentences. I'm also not a fan of the "he was, she was" speech style that Western writers took from Hemingway like a divine commandment. Finally, I didn't recognize some of the British slang, but understood it well enough in context.
2068	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This light is surprisingly good, a single AAA battery, and plenty of bright light, evenly distributed, very steady.  Works good for printed books and Kindles.  Super light weight.  The clip is kinda useless.  I just lay it down and twist the light into a good position.  Battery seems to last 7 or 8 hours or more.

I have used thousands of Maxell cassette tapes over the years and the quality has been superlative.

Sound:  Apart from the miserable headphones (my main problem was static as the headphone jack swiveled around the entry socket) the sound is good to great.  I wasn't looking for "knock your socks off" sound anyway but I am quite happy with it.  The highest volume setting is not as loud as I'd like it but it doesn't bother me to any great extent.
5016	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was a little dubious about purchasing this little thing because it wasn't a well-known brand,  but once I received it and figured out how to use it, it worked great. I downloaded library eaudiobooks and they work (and even play sections in the right order). The display is a little hard to read but I can live with that.  I would buy one of these again.
2358	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the best thing ever
6089	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised, worked well.
4166	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product works great. I have found that some computers will show this microSDHC card as write protected. One reason is the computer may not read the lock switch on the card correctly. Before believing the card is defective slide the switch into the unlock position and then place a piece of scotch tape on it. Then insert it into your laptop or desktop. That seems to solve the problem.

With enough length to snake around the back of a 3-foot wide bookcase and across a desk, the 10-foot cable allowed an easy move.  There's even room for relocating further from the PC. Nice!
610	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	have not had the opportunity to install the tv mount as of yet - will follow up once mounted in place. great price and quick shipping

to your PC or other USB device.

My wife likes to label spices and foodstuffs, I like to label electrical plugs and AV equimpment wires.
Oh well.  They definitely work as mics.  That's for sure.
I love it.
flickering
9843	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I really wish Amazon would give an option to remove an item from the review a product list.  I bought this for someone that didn't have an Amazon account so I have no idea how well it works.  I'm giving it the average score just to get it off my list.

1124	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent tablet for a Android device. The HD graphics are much better than any iPad for a fraction of the cost. It allows multiple logins so that you can have a separate profile for your kids that is locked down on the apps you want them to run, unlike an iPad. The display and memory options are fantastic I would buy another!
Good cable. Serves the purpose. Long wires (7 feet). Works just fine.
1902	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've owned this for every version of my Nooks and I keep going back, I love it!
i am able to see formulas in small font but then the rest of text is unreadable.
3. Definitely less than great for fast moving action. Digitals in general are not the greatest for moving action. For long-time 35mm users, this is probably the hardest thing to get used to. By the time, you add in the focusing time, save to CF card, etc., there is a definite delay between pulling the trigger & getting the shot, as well as a significant delay between shots (flash use makes it worse). Some of this can be negated by swithing to Manual and presetting a focus distance, and so on, but it's an adjustment.
229	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My mother loved her gift of this album cover and some old photos.  It would be nice if it was leather but for the price this is great.
2428	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works As Advertised! Great Deal and Super Fast Shipping Thanks to Prime.



Note: I knew this already, but people should take note that a USB extension cable can only be used together with another USB cable, to extend the length of the connection. It's not suitable for directly connecting a device to your computer without that normal cable.
Today while using it, half the screen went dim and a minute later the monitor started smoking out of top.
Very sturdy, with no bowing even when fully extended. Keeps it in place with no problem.
4893	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Never did I think I would have need for these anymore.  But our evidence Department has backup cases on these.


I've seen economically-priced tablets that are better suited to be used for target practice.
3086	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Plug and use; couldn't be easier and certainly something that was needed for my netbook.  The price was right on this one, for sure.

I got them on time & i think i found them a few bucks cheaper here
8056	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these to connect my TV and my surround receiver through an ethernet switch to my router. Plugged them in, everything worked (Netflix, internet radio) and never looked at them again. For that price you can't make them on your own.
It is more expensive than I really wanted to pay for this purpose, but I did get value for money. It's a fine unit, and I recommend it.
8939	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good product and it does the job.... and great price.....  seems to be very well made, just as most all Belkin products are.
Thank you

7540	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
8858	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got one of these bags for my Mini Cooper at the dealership for about $15. My husband saw it and was really jealous. I looked on Amazon and found this one which is pretty much the exact same thing without the mini branding, and bought it for him. He loves it.
4978	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It cleaned all three of my VCR's and everything play just well.  I would buy it again when need to
The whole thing went back in the box for a refund.
6683	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product, would highly recommend.

My birthday is today; my brother asked me what I wanted two weeks ago and I told him the Kindle. Unfortunately at that precise moment Amazon was right in the middle of rolling out the new Wi-Fi only Kindle and all models were unavailable.  So, I went for the barnes & noble nook Wi-Fi only.
--Larry Constantine, writing as Lior Samson, author of Bashert, The Dome, and Web Games
follow up to my initial review back to August 2004, my superadio is still on the first set of battery and working nicely, no trouble whatsoever. So far, I am convinced if it does not pick up the signal (both AM and FM), pretty much that's it; the station is out of range. I use it mostly for AM, yet, FM reception is just as good. By itself and tuned at a moderate leve, the sound quality is ok. Overall, a nice radio and well worth the money.

3540	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good

6452	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed a short CAT5 cable to hook up a TV from a router and this fit the bill perfectly.  Cable is good quality and works perfectly fine.
If you slow down and take lots of extra time you may see a tiny subtitle that allows you to pick out, on your own, those reviews which relate to your specific product... but why?  These reviews appeared directly under the product I am interested in.
Either way, I have given up trying to read such books on my nook.  :-(
1259	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the third ebook reader I've used and definitely the best.  The Franklin eBookman had nice hardware but dreadful firmware with more bugs than you would find in a swamp in summer.  The Ectaco Jetbook Lite had a number of glitches in its firmware as well, plus an extremely user-unfriendly upgrade method.
I am keeping this review short because the book didn't strike an emotional chord with me so I have nothing to talk about. Check out other reviews because some people have enjoyed it.
The Nook HD+ is a "sleeper" - an often overlooked alternative to other more expensive tablets that can both out perform them and well beat them in value, being available currently at very attractive prices.  A 5 star item for features, design, performance, and value.
This cable is for my Nook HD+, and both work just as expected. What is not to like?
9627	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These simply fill the need when you run out of the PT-80 P-touch libeler.
6588	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Really works well. And can be reused to my utter dismay!
The screen is great quality so videos and books look splendid.  Netflix runs smoothly as does YouTube, so when it comes to that aspect this tablet definitely doesn't disappoint.  It's also the perfect size, at least in my opinion, for reading books, which is does well.
As it turns out, I eventually got thrown off the ride that Marc describes as a "... noir plot [that] loops it into a feedback cycle until it breaks." Still struggling with the end though (not sure what ended up happening, if anything at all). I don't hold that against the author though.
7881	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin is always a good company, and this ethernet cord doesn't fall short of that.
6502	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Operates as designed
4764	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just what I needed
6) I like the top buttons. They are easy to hit with one hand. If the buttons were on the side or front it might require two hands. My radio is never mounted high so I don't have the issue others complain about where they can't see the buttons. Even if I did have it high it is easy to feel where the buttons are as they all have a raised bump.
8066	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	great quality cable . What I mean to say is it is well made and has decent insulation tonot disturb the flow of information between that and your modem.

4342	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	They leave out how long the cable is.  Probably because they don't want you to know its only 2 feet long.  That doesnt reach far enough for anything!  Instead of charging my phone on my nightstand, i have to put it on the floor because the cord is too short.  Im not happy!
LIGHT SENSITIVITY: Good.  The picture quality does not degrade, and the frame rate doesn't drop in low light, and the picture is plenty bright enough.  Unfortunately, the picture is NEVER good, and the frame rate is never good, so this is of little value.
Very Nice - Good item - I Like it works just as it should.
245	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the first book I have read by this author! I really enjoyed the plot and had a good ending also!
1594	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	In "Bad Traffic," Simon Lewis tells a tale from an unfamiliar perspective (for most of us, anyway) - Inspector Jian is heading to England to save his girl, only he knows nothing about the culture, cannot speak the language, and is totally out of his element.
4324	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very good value. Works as it should.
615	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This mount was a bargain and quality at the same time!  Easy to install and easy to hang the tv. The only thing I would recommend is to buy separate drywall mounts. I didn't feel comfortable using the ones that came with it, instead I bought 75lb mounts from my local hardware store and used them. Other than that, I love the mount!
7499	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little piece of hardware. I have used mine in both a Dell Latitude running WinXP and an Apple Ti800 running Mac OS X. It is the only way I transfer pictures now. Much easier to carry than a USB cable, plus it is faster, does not use up the batteries on the camera, and just flat out works perfectly.
6135	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good enough price, nice ends, good sheathing, not too stiff.
If you're looking for a shower radio, this is it!
The nook market absolutley ruins this thing to the point I am looking to root it.  There are next to zero free apps and despite already knowing that the tablet would not honor the apps I already own in the android market for my phone, I never expected in a million years that APPS THAT ARE NORMALLY FREE IN THE ANDROID MARKET ARE OVERPRICED EXTENSIVELY.  For example, Angry birds seasons is free on android market.  Its $3!!!!!! on the nook app market.  This is rape.
Range:  About 4 miles with the Midland 18-2442 magnetic mount antenna.
8276	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Wish I weren't so shaky. Great field of view. Amazing how far I can see. Affordable.
The gender-correctness is key here.  In a properly-wired system, I have no idea how you would ever use any configuration other than this one.
I bought a 32GB SD card and so far have put 15 movies ( and stiil room for many more) on the card to watch in HD. I choose to save the memory on the nook for books or other apps and watch my movies from the tiny SD micro card. Buy "DVD Catalyst" ( really cool program for $9.95)(can try it for free)on line to compress those movies from DVD and then it automatically puts it on the micro card.
239	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I read this romance during a time I was researching various genres of books I could write it. This novel stuck with me because of its message of flawed characters who find love and redemption  at least a few do.
7045	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	My Flip Video Ultra Series Camcorder wouldn't connect using this cable.  I purchased a Flip Video Ultra Series Camcorder along with this Belkin F3U134-10 USB Extension Cable.  My computer (Dell running XP Pro) wouldn't recognize the USB device (Flip Ultra) using this cable.  The Flip connected immediately when plugged directly into the USB port.
8422	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	We purchased this head set to communicate via voice activation (VOX) between two talk about T600 radios.  We tried multiple approaches to get this to work but in the end, we could only get one set to work on VOX and the other had to be push to talk PTT.  Further, it is not at all tolerant of background noise and the VOX locks out the other radio when background noise is present.  Going to try the much more expensive EarTech Ultralight next.
9863	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I went to Staples at first and found their price to be very high.  Since it is "retail packaged" the produce is the same everywhere so I saved buying here
929	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really like my SanDisk Ultra 64GB UHS-I Micro SDXC card I got locally at BJ's. I'm using it in my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Ausdom-A261/dp/B00VEA22V0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Ausdom A261</a>&nbsp;HD dash cam. If you are looking for a dash cam I think it is a pretty good value. I picked SanDisk for the memory because of their reputation for quality and reliability.
4421	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item as described; fast ship;  This works great and supports HDMI 1.4 as advertised.  Many other cables state "latest standard" but most of them are 1.3, not 1.4.  Make sure you don't get an obsolete cable or you will be disappointed.  I have had this in place for several months now with multiple flexings and windings and movings -- absolutely no issues with cable or connector.  I'm pleased.
3948	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelente
5139	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
7777	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The circular design saves desk space and the extra long cord is helpful in setting up in an office cubicle. There is central power button that turns off all the items plugged into the colorful base. The colors are not the same, so different appliances can be assigned a different color. Useful if you have to unplug on device to use in another room or location.
379	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this is a fantastic wall mount.  Very sturdy and very well constructed.  I'm using it to mount a 55" led tv and it shows no signs of stress from the weight.  Works very easily and I can swing the TV out and in any direction with no effort at all.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality at such a reasonable price.  Get it,  you won't regret it.
2518	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love that it has two ports for my phone and ipod. Who wants to be putting too many things in one socket.  Sleek and convenient to store and I just love it.
9648	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	none
3733	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well made and study!  Works great with my dslrs.  Will buy more.
8693	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This mic is perfect for the person who must have his/her hands free a majority of the time.  I use it on an older Motorola T5500 radio.  The mic comes with a strong metal clip to attach to your clothing or belt.  The speaker sound quality and volume is very good and the PPT button on the mic is easy to use.  The connector is a press fit so if the cord is stretched too far the connector may disconnect.  A small "tie wrap" wrapped around the cord and the radio antenna will solve this issue.

5691	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The 'snagless' part makes it easy to pull the wire through that mess of wires we already have. I like that its a different color than my other cables. The cable works as you expect, no loss of data or signal.

It's $50 more than some low end hybrids.

Cons: The packaging is (injection molding plastic fit/finish and design) is poor and much like a product that costs $20.  It has not failed but just leaves a bad taste compared with Japanese competition.  What is worse is the legend for the features that one would use in low light conditions such as alarm is medium blue against black, small letters.  They can't be read easily in normal light, much less normal household lighting.  The logic is typically German...like my 2 VWs...they seem to do things in a way that is different from anyone else and thus it is not intuitive without reading the manual...again, if it is a seldom used feature.  Also, a tone control instead of a switch would have been nice as well a ability to charge batteries while plugged in.
I truly enjoyed this book, and highly recommend it. This is geared more to the adult audience, as it contains the horrors of meth production and addiction.
5220	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very sensitive radio on AM, widely considered the best buy for the money by far.  Very popular in prisons because of its daytime distance performance.


4546	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well for what these are. There's of course some distortion but not bad. My daughter has used this for a couple of months with no problem.
5344	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The GE Superadio rules the competition in its price range. I use my headphone jack with no problem. While the sound is not stereo it does not claim to be a stereo; the sound is very good quality even if mono. I like this product so much I am giving my mother one for Mother's Day. She lives in a remote rural area and down in a valley, so radio reception is weak. With this radio I am confident that she will be able to pick up a better variety of radio stations. If you want a high quality AM/FM radio that is easy to use... this is it.
6733	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	What I needed, does its job.
1820	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I"m reading it now but hard to get into it. Some books catch you right from the beginning and you can't put it down until your done. This one is good but slow in getting your attention.

7215	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They were a hit and the kids loved the character cupcake toppers.  This fit in great with our Star Wars themed birthday party.
8358	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This speakers are great sounding little things for the computer.  If you are looking for a set of speakers with a subwoofer this is definately not a bad place to start.  I have two sets of them and have had no problems with them, and yes... They are loud.
453	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm using it on my kitchens wall with a 32 inch TV .So far this mount had been working for me , I was hesitating at the beginning just because of the price but this mount is really good . I would recommended.
1936	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product! I highly recommend getting the DC power cord so you won't have to worry about your battery life. It has two light settings which is perfect because you don't always need super bright. I use it to color at night.

6099	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	this didn't help my dvd player at all it keeps saying disc can not be played so until i figure what it is this cleaner didn't work for me so far
2868	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	it works
Second, it attaches by using a couple of bendable wires wrapped in smooth plastic.  This means you get no grip on the actual book or surface, and you end up having to hold it with your hand.
8337	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I originally paid $64 for this trackball at Staples back in 2002. I'm impressed at how the value of this mouse, used, has gone into the hundreds. Yet, I'm not surprised. This is an amazing trackball because it involves the movement of any 2 of the 3 leftmost fingers of the right hand. This means your hand won't get into repetitive motions that may cause permanent damage later on. I have been using this mouse for years and it's still going strong. You just have to clean the ball and lenses once in a while. My mouse is PS/2 but I am ordering a converter (PS/2 to USB). Many attempts to convert me to other models have failed. My hand is completely comfortable and the buttons fall naturally where the fingers rest. Truly perfect design. I just can't believe it has gone up in price over the years, yet I can understand why. A true investment in the health of your hand, fingers and wrist. Totally worth the money.
The audio on this thing is amazing, and the video really pops.



2967	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have one that I have had for about three years which still works great. I have bought a second for myself and my coworkers to use at school and that one works just as well.
I'd also brought on my work laptop half a dozen videos I nabbed from our TiVos from which I stripped the commercials, saving them as mpg videos.  These wouldn't play with the built-in player.
11)  Nook is just the one size, no Kindle DX equivalent.  For my needs though, the small nook is "back pocket" sized (literally fitting in my back pocket) and is small enough to read but carry around.  I need reading glasses without exception to read and so can read at the smallest text size with no problem.
4 stars for this product.
Reading books. Naturally, the Tablet excels.  My concern was that it be able to remember bookmarks on multiple books and PDFs even after powering off and/or removing the SD card.  Verdict: PASS
8491	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Although this was purchased for someone else product appears to be a good quality product that is well made.  I would recommend this product to others who have need for this type of equipment.
8677	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The sound quality is good. I purchased these to plug into walkie talkies. As someone who's been use to wearing the actual walkie talkie unit on his pants I had to begin to clip it on my shirts because the plug and its cord are short and tight. If I wear the walkie on my belt and have the speaker on my shoulder, the audio jack always pulls out of the walkie unit because of the tension.

4613	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	keeps my vhs workable and clean. can still enjoy my old vhs movies
6854	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've used this for years now and it's never stopped working. Both ends are high-quality, as is the wire in between.
2822	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Amazing look, no dead pixels. Nothing wrong with the picture quality either. Has only one input (DVI-D) and the buttons don't do anything, except for the power button. Also, the manual is entirely in Korean. That being said, the things we really care about are resolution and picture quality, and you can't get better for anywhere near this price. My last monitor this good was $1100.
1580	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have had two previous generations of NOOKs before getting the NOOK Simple Touch with Glowlight (NSTGL) about three months ago.  I don't buy ebooks; I either check them out from the library or get free public domain books.  The NOOK is a great device for that.
To give you an idea how good it is; I live in a semi-remote area without any really strong AM stations.  Sitting side by side on my couch, a typical 'personal stereo' type radio picks up one AM station.  A cheap transistor radio picks up three.  The Superadio picks up 37.
You wouldn't expect much QC for a $2 electrical product, but they each work just fine.
My joy was short lived. During the 2 weeks that I owned the product I was never able once to open none of my sideloaded pdf's that I have amassed over the years (over 30GB - I am a voracious reader). A long string of calls to Customer Service and the shop itself ensued, after which I decided to take the trip again (I live outside of the USA) to return the device directly to the store.
Boy, was I glad to get my money back!
Thus far its working in an office environment with 'bidirectional" off

7444	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best combination of portability, sound, and reception for the money. I was unsure whether to buy because of mixed revues and most important to me was good reception as I had many excercise radios in the past and always got rid of them because of poor reception. Well I decided that for the price plust Amazon's very reasonable shipping charge, I just had to take a chance. Boy was I glad. Man this thing picks up every station loud and clear. Very good sound as well and super light. Good armband rig. Do yourself a favor and go for this one. I am glad I did. It makes bicycling fun again.
4055	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great in the garmin.  NowIcan download the entire US
2393	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is handy.
I use the 30lb bands and add more bands as required.

4758	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great !!
9825	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchasing in quantity is a great way to buy the M-tape for Brother labelers. I have been using a P-Touch for years, and love it. Practically indestructible. The one I have at my office has to be over 10 years old. Just bought a new P-Touch for home, and hope I get the same service from it. Anyway, the Brother replacement tapes have always been reliable, print well, and they are durable.
6022	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A solid cable that is exactly as described. Nice connections that felt very sturdy. Unlike those usual flimsy plastic clips that are usually on Cat5 cables. It's very short so it's good if you just need to connect something nearby.
9249	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Based on price and availability i bought this product. Although never using one previously i felt that this was the right choice for me. It appears well made and easy to use. Finish is good and does what it suppposed to. That was what i wanted. I would recommend to others.
2881	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As Advertized


3751	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good
Was what I was told and wanted.  Great !!!!
To me, the GE brand has always meant "cheaply made".  To be fair, it once meant superior quality and cutting-edge innovation, but GE along with General Motors and a few other "Super Conglomerates", took a vacation from quality and innovation in the latter half of the last century. Now they're madly playing catch-up, and this little radio, even though it's a throwback, is the first sign I've seen that they're making progress.
The book focuses on two people hiding from their past - Alasdair, a Presbyterian minister and prominent radio pastor who was recently widowed and left with three children, and Bridie - a fugitive from both the law and her past. A chance encounter with Alasdair's teenage daughter leads Bridie to accept a position as nanny in Alasdair's house.
7511	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great to have a long cord since computer set up is far from outlet by necessity

So, I had been told on these comments that the B&N in store functionality was not ready to be used yet -- another lie dispelled today.  I stopped in at the B&N in Hillsboro and it is in fact fully functional.  My Nook immediately recognized the B&N network and connected without me even having to tell it to!  As it turns out there is exclusive content at each B&N store, at this particular one there were multiple books that could be downloaded for FREE!!!  So, seeing one that piqued my interest I naturally downloaded it.  Wow, super fast and convenient, and FREE!

Best testimony I've seen was from someone near New Orleans who had no power for weeks after Katrina, all local radio stations were knocked off-air, he used one of these as his primary radio to get news & info over AM stations.
6770	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good job
8135	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality for your money. You don't have to spend more for a similar prodduct as this one. 5 stars.
7277	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great price for a very useful pan.  The 4.9 Qt at $72 is an even better deal.  Handle is long enough for good leverage, stays cool, has comfortable grip.  Good even heat distribution, easy to clean.  I have owned or gifted five of these.  Highly reccomended!
As others have mentioned, the quality of the pictures is also an issue. In fact I was really shocked to find out this 250gb harddrive has 215gb free. You'd think with all that space they'd scan these documents in a higher resolution, or at least offer some extras like separate folders with high-rez shots of Playmates. It seems like a lost opportunity which Playboy may be kicking themselves for now. When I inquired via email on the 1960's DVD box set they immediately offered me a [...] off coupon for this set, which would indicate it isn't selling as well as they had hoped.
4629	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
5675	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I use these all the time to organize my cables and power cords. They are long enough to do a great job (nlike some that are too short to wrap the entire cable).

1286	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I have had my Nook for over a year now and I think it is a great ereader. HOWEVER DO NOT buy your content from Barnes and Noble. In the first few months I had it I purchased about 30 books using their awesome click to buy feature. Then back in February, I thought I lost my credit card and cancelled it. I hadn't yet updated my new card on Barnes and Noble's site when I went to reread a book I had purchased months before. IT WOULD NOT DOWNLOAD. I called support and was told that their policy requires an active credit card to access books I have already paid for. This policy creates a lot of the problems.
8532	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Ok, what I expected.
9933	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this tape for my P-Touch for years and it's great.  One cartridge lasts me forever.  I can label anything, including my children's ice packs and cups.  They stay on in the freezer and in the dishwasher.  The ink doesn't smudge, but after a few years of going through the dishwasher, the ink may fade.  If I need to, I just peel off and make another one.  As long as the surface is non-porous, it comes off when I need it to without any trouble without leaving any residue.  What's not to like?
Oh, and one last thing. I know this sounds a bit clich, but do remember to remove the lens cap before trying to photograph something! I've had times when I'd turn my camera on, and the view screen would be completely dark, when it should've been showing whatever the lens was aimed at! Speaking of the lens cap, it's attached to the neckstrap by a small cord. Although it has a small clip on it to hook onto the neckstrap, it never stays on! This isn't so bad if you're clickin' pics at the normal angle & elevation, but when you're shooting snaps of things on the ground below you like I do, that dangling cover in the frame can be a real pain!
5331	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These are my first Noise cencelling headphones.
6199	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A great value for something that's hard to find anymore.
5367	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Not impressed, didn't work for me, but maybe will work for you.
8350	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This excellent headset in an outstanding bargin. Sound quality is excellent with several cell phones I have tried, and it is good with most cordless house phones (cordless phones sometimes have poor gain on the  mic).

Update:
138	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
This became a much more serious issue recently; I was researching why our electrical bill was so high, and discovered that when my computer was in idle mode (video and disk drive off), my gaming computer was still pulling 190W !!!  So, I changed the machine to go into Sleep mode after awhile; this mostly powers down the computer, and it draws around 40W in this mode, and can be re-awakened with a mouse click - except for this monitor, which does not wake up at all, until I do the unplug/replug trick a few times.



9090	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Having just dug my old X-Box 360 out of storage I noticed it took forever to read disks until it "Warmed Up" and even then after a few minutes in games it'd kick up the "Unreadeable/damaged disk" error even with a couple brand new games I just got off Amazon.
8258	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Have used these for years, as I still record and view on VHS most of my TV watching.  These Sonys provide high resolution playback and a well built cassette with no squeaks and squeals (or eaten tape).  Really no issues at all with these.  I re-record until finally they just wear out -- as video and audio quality deteriorate with repeated recording.
Second the platform is user friendly and great to navigate.
1004	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The transfer rates on this micro sd card are fantastic. I have it on my cell phone which gives me the storage capacity to add any type of files without running out of space. If you are the type of person that likes to carry your phone with all types of information than I would highly recommend this micro sd card for you.
7828	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice surge protector. Use to plug in my computer
And then there's the odd problem of your Nook for some reason being tied closely to the email address you had on file with B&N when you registered your Nook.  I recently had to change my email address and updated my B&N account with the new address and new B&N password.  After that, I could no longer download books, and was unable to unregister and register my Nook (that was supposed to fix the problem, according to the support center).  If you happen to get yourself into that dilemma, be ready for a long drawn-out session on the telephone.  The problem was that B&N neglected to spell this situation out on their website when I changed my email address.
You don't really have a choice about the tape you use in any label maker; but this loads easily and stands up to the demands that come from occasional applications in demanding environments.

3318	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good.
2432	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Did its job and It still works till this day, Ive had it for over a year! Thank you!
6681	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This product probably works fine with a sidewinder joystick. However, it does not work at all with the CH Products Virtual Pilot Pro yoke and pedals which is why I bought it. There is also no support or documentation for the product.
3991	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does what it's supposed to do and works wonderfully
Then along came this little gem..
8908	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Your standard JR45 cord, except it's about 50 feet.  Can't really say much else... If you're buying this, odds are it's because you're trying to connect 2 devices that are a good distance away, and it does that no problem.

4439	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cases work great for our movies.
I am especially excited about this configuration as I am preparing to move, and the house I am hoping to move to is a bit larger and may result in some weaker signals in areas of the house and yard, so this will be a great way to provide better coverage anywhere in the new home.
14	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked out of the box with my cable box in northern California. Better than the original. It was easy to program for the tv too.
7734	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great!
4686	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My two former cleaner cartridges (I would alternate use of a wet and a dry-type cleaner) were so old, tapes that I use repeatedly for network TV would look worse AFTER cleaning of my player's heads.  Then I realized they were made in the 1990s!  So I broke down and bought a brand new Maxell VCR wet cleaner device.  Ahh, the snow is gone!
6419	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a CAT-5e cable.  It's three feet long and black.  It worked exactly as described to connect my Kenwood D710 head unit to the main body of the radio.
UPDATE:  I got it working after several hours.  Instructions are terrible.  After I got it working it has been working flawlessly.

4394	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
3526	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well. No problems
6378	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have used Maxwell for some time. I liked the price and having used these in the past, you can retape over them many, many times. I use them to tape television shows on air after my bedtime. You get good, clear pictures even after several months of taping. I would reorder these again. Also, there are few, if any, places locally to purchase any brand of VHS tapes.
3732	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quick delivery, work properly, good design. Ok!
1590	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it --  my old Nook lost battery life easy so I replaced it with this Samsung.  It is great.
Pros:
1805	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got the rest of the books Enjoyed everyone!
9760	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
No humming sound like philips / sony. ( on same price range )
If you  spend much time at they keyboard, I would recommend this keyboard.
I will order more but wished QC was better
I have not used these for very long. I bought 15 of them, because they are so cheap and because they actually do seem to provide high current.

5119	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The Tapes arrived.  It took a little longer than expected but they were brand new and perform as i would expect.  It was nice tofind tapes in good shape for an older camera. My 9 yr old loves playing with this camera and we still get some use out of it also.
If you enjoy supernatural thrillers that are well-written and deal precisely with Fallen Angels, demons, possessions, etc., look no further than John Connoly's books. Some are better than others, but all are much, much better than this sorry jumble of sentences, cliches, ideas and concepts that the author either hasn't studied or chose to ignore.

7894	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	They connect nicely and do things like you'd expect them to. 4 stars because one of the three I ordered was burnt or something on both ends, but amazon is awesome and gave me an instant refund
9620	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well with my printer. Price was great and delivery was prompt, as usual.
6463	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Should have copied my comments from the other CAT 5e cable I endorsed.
1442	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I went to a few places just to try testing them out, best place to test them out first hand was BN. The people at Walmart didn't want you near them, and didn't know ANYTHING about them. Best Buy was pretty much the same, except you could 'sorta' test them out. BN though had people trained to know EVERYTHING about them, even the stuff that was not listed about them on the BN website.
727	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to put my mac in the wall and leave it. This does that well.  I don't move it often it seems strong and well built. If you want to move it a lot get something different you have to keep an Allen wrench and a crescent wrench in the desk drawer if you plan on moving it a lot. The articulation is sketchy. For my uses and the cheap price this was perfect.
6260	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Tapes work just as expected.  Good recording quality and good durability.
Update 11/7/08: My wife still won't just leave this radio in the shower, to my occasional chagrin. She carries it around the house to listen to NPR while she works on stuff and I can never find it when I want it. Today she dropped it on our hardwood floor. The battery door popped off, and and the batteries spilled out. She put them back in and NPR was again heard from the radio. Why haven't you bought one of these yet?

8860	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great trash bag.  It is light weight with a small expandable opening at top to allow room for trash to go into the bag and a velcro opening at the bottom to allow trash to easily be emptied.  The like the slim-line design -- It is the best trash bag for the car that I have ever owned.
They mount easy and are sturdy; I have a 60" LED TV on one without issue.

956	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not exactly what we ordered but the upgrade seems to work! Excellent product and service.

7557	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for securing computer equipment.  Currently I purchased this to use in a hospital and was exactly what I was looking for.
6948	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Strong magnets once you remove the plastic film. Using them on a steel peg board they work great.
4144	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is very well made. It fits all my needs. These are the best I have used. I have never had one problem with these yet. Thank you.
6190	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Just work with MS Sidewinder.

My 20th month has hurled it down our stairs more than once
Over all a great little label product, 90% of the applications it works perfectly, and the adhesive becomes quite strong over time so they don't fall off in 2 weeks.  If you are labeling automotive stuff or Rubbermaid bins you will need another product.
9915	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use my labeler like it was an olympic sport. I much prefer the laminated tape over regular because the letters won't rub off.  A month ago I labeled my two dogs' tags with their names and phone number; even after them running through grass, gravel and water the labels are still clear.
3111	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We received our order in three days which was super fast.  The microphone that we received is actually white but that is not an issue for us. We put it on our 5-6 year old I-pod touch that our son plays with so that he can play all of his talking animal games.  Despite reviews that stated it didn't work because the I-pod thinks there are headphones in, we have not had that issue with any of our talking games  with the exception of the talking Angela game.  I put the mic in and rebooted the I-pod and it worked perfectly.  I thought perhaps I would have to remove the case based on other reviews but there was no issue there either.  I was actually ready to take my I-pod to the Apple store and see if we could have a mic added but this $3.00 dollar microphone was the answer for us.


***Review Update*** 2/21/14

8419	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My kids use these headphones to practice piano. We have a Yamaha electrical piano and sometimes I need for them to practice quietly. This product allows them to do this. It is a good quality product for the money.
I have no good news.  The second monitor behaved exactly the same as the first.  I am trying to return it, but the seller is treating me like I don't know how to use or setup a monitor.  Bottom line is I will return this monitor for a refund, the image quality and great price is simply not worth the trouble.
9831	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My daughter states that these where worth getting.  She and I will recommend them more in the future.  Thank you.

9930	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This severs its purpose... If you are like me then these things are just for you
This time, however, I've used a large Zip-Lock style bag to cover it, sealed about 95 percent, with only a slight opening for the suction-cup antennae to poke through.  It sits in a shower organizer mounted behind the shower head and gets splashed on frequently.  Thankfully, the controls are still quite easy to view and use through the bag.  With this much protection, I'm expecting it to last much longer. If it doesn't I will definitely update this post.
This is a superb radio, with surprisingly  good sound and excellent reception. I have one at work, one in the kitchen,  and one that I tote around (to the beach, to the driveway for carwashing,  to the b-ball court).  Versatile, solidly built and nice priced.
1794	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Wife loves the story.
3898	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Never have trouble with Kingston

6308	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a 3 foot cat 5 cable that lets my router talk to my switch.  No complaints.  Well I have one.  It doesn't clean or cook dinner.
600	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When we first bought our bedroom tv, we looked at the mounts in the store and almost fell over from shock at the prices.  This is one of the best prices I have found on mounts.  This mount went up easy and moves in all directions to get the perfect viewing angle.  it comes with everything you need but the drill and tv!  You won't be disappointed with this brand.
If  distance daytime AM listening is desired, the Sony with its fast AGC is  better than the YB400 with its slow AGC, because you can add a MW loop  (Select-a-tenna, Terk Loop, or Radio Shack MW loop) and tune it  successfully with a fast AGC.  It's difficult to tune with the YB400's slow  AGC, though sometimes you can turn the switch to local and disable the AGC  temporarily to do it.
8536	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice product and come on the time them you said than you
8801	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelent
7165	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I made the mistake of buying the RCA Wireless Phone Jack to connect my TIVO downstairs in the living room where I don't have a jack.  It did not work.  Once I finally re-read what I needed, I bought the RCA Wireless Modem Jack.  It works perfectly and I haven't had any problems.

821	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Keeps cutting out... phone screen image on TV connects then goes blank after 10 or 15 seconds. Does not work at all when connected to USB power to prevent phone battery discharge. .  Tried to order 2 more from different seller in China.  Never received order and seller (yanzzshop) is slow in responding to inquiry for items never received

6492	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Using your electrical system, this device provides fast and easy connectivity to the internet, printers, and other shared devices on your home network. It's an especially good choice when wireless just doesn't provide the coverage you may require, like those out of the way places, such as your basement. Plug one in close to your router, the other where you need connectivity and away you go. Fast and easy, with very respectable speeds to your device. When running Cat5 to your devices just isn't in the budget, when you need to connect a device in a wireless dead spot, this is an excellent choice.
N: The Nook is epub friendly. As well as PDF, and many other formats.
3011	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works great I just wish it had one cable for the signal and power so it only takes one USB port, but great for the price.
After I got my daughter out of the tub, I put the dog in. Once again, the ease of rinsing was perfect! I felt like everyone was a lot more clean and rinsed off after using this.
1492	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I received the Nook as a Christmas present.  I already own a Kindle latest generations, 3g/wifi.  However I soon discovered that not all books are available on the Kindle and 99.9% of the books I couldn't get on my Kindle are on Nook.  After much research I soon learned that if you want good ebook reader you buy either a Kindle or a Nook.  So I asked Santa for it.

Found it at Amazon.com and cheaper than buying at Barnes and Noble.
6220	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work at all with my joystick.
8057	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it is supposed to do, with no snagging among cabling. Quality product with sturdy construction and flexibility, and a nice gray color.
Wall stud mounting required, but depending on the stud size, you may only get two of the three wall bolts into the stud. Should be enough though.
I take my kids into B&N and they love to look through the kids books.  While there, I can read any book over their Wifi for free for up to an hour.  I don't use this a lot, but once a month or so when I take the kids, it's pretty cool.
6508	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you have an old VCR that still works and you enjoy taping your TV shows you now know how hard it is to find tapes. This will more than likely become even harder.  We located these on Amazon. They are a great buy and are becoming very difficult to find. These Maxwell takes are of very good quality and the prices if fantastic.
6096	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cleaner is well designed and is easy to use. There is an impressive test verification procedure on the product that works well. I was having a problem with CD's skipping and after using this cleaner the problem continued, however I did find the real cause and easily corrected it. I had taken the PC burned music Cd's out of my 2001 Camry changer when I recently traded it for a newer Lexus ES series and although they played perfectly in the Camry they skipped and cut out in the Lexus. I ran the cleaner with no improvement, but after researching further I learned that CD's created at a fast burn rate can cause this problem. I burned new ones at 4X and problem solved. I am very pleased with the Alsop cleaning disc and will use it to clean our computer drives and DVD players as they need attention also.
2879	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great quality for the price.
The characters were well thought out and some were just so real, they made me think of people I knew in my own life travels. The story line, especially the main character's situation, was quite realistic.
8790	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertised, extremely satisfied.
3013	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Sometimes cheap is good. You go a long way with your buck. With this machine I ended up spending more money since it malfunctioned ever since the beginning. My computer wouldn't even recognize the damn thing. I had to install a load of drivers and still it malfunctioned. I would recommend getting a pricier apparatus that is guaranteed working from the moment you plug it in.
8845	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This case/wallet combo is an "All-In-One" solution to protecting your phone and carrying some cash.
7563	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice unit for the price
9806	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is just what you'd expect - a perfect fit replacement for a label maker.  Text comes out sharp and it doesn't jam.
542	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install, with extra hardware for installing your TV. However, my TV had a curved back, so I used the included spacers to space the bars on the back of the TV. I was skeptical of the two lag bolts attaching the bracket to the stud under the drywall, so I added two 5/16" lags, under washers holding the inside edges of the mounting brackets.
8015	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just the right size. I'm thinking of getting some more to keep in stock. I going to recommend it to all my friends.
With the way it's designed it's very comfortable to use with both normal books and an e reader with a case. I actually used this mostly with my kindle and stuck the clip in the area between the case and kindle, and lit the whole screen just perfectly. Also works great with books, magazines, in the car, at the movies, basically also as a general flashlight.
*****************************************************************************
Overall I enjoyed the book!!  The story line held many twists and turns.  I was forced to buy the second book in the series to found out the "leak".
5604	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this to connect my cable modem to my router. Haven't had a problem yet.
5281	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For the price, you can't beat this sturdy radio.  Great sound, and durable.  Use it in the garage and around the deck and it's got great volumn and clarity.  You can't beat the deal that GE is providing.  Second model owned, had their original model for 13 yrs and was so impressed I got a new one.
4554	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Mine arrived defective - the media wouldn't spin between the spools. But it's not worth the hassle of returning, so I threw it out.
1698	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Every few years I read a book that just grips me and this is my new "book of the year."  I laughed aloud, cried copious tears, and in-between could not put it down.
Your hand is right on the ball, so any dirt on your hands gets deposited. It is really painless to clean, though, just take out the ball and blowing inside will get most of the work done. It's designed so none of the dirt will actually get inside the components of the mouse.
4649	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Works but got rid of it because of the loud mechanical sounds from the internal gears -- squeaking, grinding, crunching sounds. Much worse than my previous Maxell adapter.  Poor manufacturing! Ordered the Philips USA PH-62050 CD/MP3/MD-To-Cassette Adapter for which the Amazon reviews about noise are much better (and it's a buck cheaper to boot).  Indeed, the Philips was very good.  Buy it. Don't buy the Maxell. You'll be happier.
8670	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fits the phone nicely. feels nice and secure.
2338	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect item,
So far I have not found any weaknesses with the radio. Sony has found a niche in their shower radio. I give it the fullest recommendation, especially for the 45-dollar price (and free shipping no less) I found on Amazon.
The screen is beautiful, it is fast and with the micro SD card slot, has plenty of room for storage. I bought my 16gb for $229. A great tablet for the price and I use it every day. Great purchase.
9332	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing to complain here.
1816	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the first book I have read by this author and I absolutely fell in love with her unique style of writing. The storyline captured me from the very first page and I hated to see this story end. I enjoyed all of the secondary characters and I can't wait to read about their stories in the rest of this series.
5681	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked first try, did the job
I take my picutres (duh ;-), remove the CF card from the camera and insert it into this adapter. Then I insert it into the laptop. Under both Windows and Mac, the CF card appears as a removable drive on the computer.

7186	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I had no idea what this cable was because I found it in my drawer one day, I thought it was the VCR cable and I tried to hook it up to the TV and VCR one day and nothing happened except the reception on my TV went bland and empty.
9) Using independent free software available on the web (Calibre), I can convert and "sideload" documents and news feeds to my nook.  I have sideloaded web pages (originally saved as HTML), word documents and .pdf's, all in .epub format.  This is no doubt possible with Kindle too, but the nook is more than flexible for my needs.  I read USA Today and The BBC news feeds on my nook every day and they include B&W photos and diagrams which are clearly readable.  Calibre has many more available.
796	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works Awesome in my GoPro Hero Session.
700	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Don't have anything to really complain about.  EXCEPT there doesn't seem to be a way, or i'm missing it to tilt the TV up or down (ie. mounted high on the wall and pointed down towards the chair).  and i am quite savvy with tools/assembly/etc. And it is difficult to get to the bolt heads on the back of the TV to adjust the angle.  No reason to not buy it though.
I RECENTLY BOUGHT A SECOND ONE, AND THEY HAVE CHANGED.  STILL STURDY, BUT LACKING THE QUICK MOUNT FEATURE! NOW YOU MUST HOLD THE TV IN PLACE WHILE INSERTING THE TINY SCREWS THROUGH THE BACK.
6169	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked just fine
7814	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works perfectly for what I needed it for...it fits adaptors well and the circular shape is definitely welcomed verses just a strip.  This also has a long cord which is incredibly helpful!  Definitely a good buy!
other paid book sources: nook - can read books purchased from other ebooks stores like google, sony, etc. kindle can't.
7142	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Exactly what I needed, and I like being able to alternate colors. It helps with sorting somehow
2679	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have three of these devices, one for each car in our family.
5040	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had this radio for over 3 years now and the only problem is with the FM tuner (it died in less than one year).  It still works with AM, weather, and TV.  Since I use it for primarily AM, it's not a big deal.  Speaking of AM, this has absolutely the best AM reception of any radio I've had.
6749	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Okay it works fine.
1632	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	From the very first chapter Jack Nightingale is a complete idiot and the writer is oblivious. First chapter jack is supposed to save a little girl so instead of doing that he spends half an hour talking to the au pair which is a complete waste of his time and then on his way into the building he starts having berating an old man who is telling him to get his butt in the building and save the girl but instead Jack Nightingale has a long berating session at this poor old fella. Maybe if he'd gone up instead of smoking cigarettes and yelling at these characters he might have saved the girl and this pathetic excuse for a book would never have cost me any money. Honestly. This is one of the worst excuses for a book I've ever seen.
Maxell's reputation for tapes was solidified as far back as the 1970's when the majority of the sound crews would use Maxell at the mixing board for playback after a live performance.

9446	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.
3789	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just as advertised
Touch is good
899	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great for my go pro
4280	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my fiance and got it in the mail today :) The cable works and I recommend this to anyone that has a compatible phone to a Samsung android phone :)
I solved this with MX Player, free version, which plays them fine. U can do this only if U've installed Amazon's App Store or rooted and can access the Android Market. People out there are selling PC software to convert videos to a format Nook Tablet can use. No need - just get another video player.  MX Player Tip: brightness control is an up/down swipe on the left hand side of the screen, volume on the right.
I would give this book five stars, but I am giving it four because there was a theology issue, I do not agree with, namely once save always saved.

5147	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These Maxell 8 mm camcorder tapes are a pretty good product.  I bought these years ago when I needed to borrow my brother's camcorder that requires 8 mm tapes.  Nowadays, they're getting harder and harder to find, as everything now is digital/hard disk.  The picture and sound quality on these tapes isn't quite as good as the more expensive 8 mm metal tapes, but it's decent enough to do an adequate job of capturing your moments.  I swear, the picture and sound quality on the 8 mm camcorders and 8 mm metal tapes is sometimes better than some of the top-of-the-line hard disk camcorders.  I have a hard disk camcorder, but sometimes I wish I had an 8 mm camcorder.
9939	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect since I do not have to tune this as I would have with a mounted unit. This will be handy when I hike or for fishing. The rechargeable feature is nice. I purchased the magnetic antenna to use when I'm stationary. I think this will service me for camping and for my RV travels.
2335	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great

Downloading apps and playing games on my phone
4926	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	made a big difference in taping
7202	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Okay, since most of the printers don't come with cables any longer, you always need to purchase one separately.  A "regular" printer cable can cost around $20 and it can be difficult to plug and unplug correctly without breaking one or more of those tiny prongs.  So a USB cable is a great solution.  It costs less and it's easy to plug and unplug, especially if your computer has front-mounted USB ports.  I bought this one for my new HP LaserJet 1012 Printer and it works just fine.  For this price, it's a great bargain.
USB power connector.  This is a weak spot of the device.  Instead of using a robust connector, they use a micro USB connector. It is wobbly. Even a mini-USB would have been better.  At times I  could not make this connector work.  It is delicate.  It doesn't want to mate up.  I found I needed to be very precise on aligning it, even then it would not connect.  I doubt that this will survive 100 re-connections.  If you buy this device, do not expect it to last more than two years.  It would be smart to get the extended warrantee--another $60 for two years--If you buy a nook.  Charge it only when you have too, or you will wear out this connector in a short period of time.  While the battery life is good, given the crappy connector, I don't understand why they didn't put a battery 2-3 times larger in this device so that the connector would last longer and have less wear.

6361	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product as described, fast delivery.
7140	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My 'Amazon Verified Purchase' badge for this cable dates all the way back to September 23, 2002 according to my Instant Order Update. Ironically the cable is in the other room connected to a printer and still transmitting flawlessly. The moral is this is one well constructed cable and has returned my investment many times over.
1934	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Have bought several for off-to-college kids
7220	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Had a plastic hose reel that was problematic from day one and it finally fell apart. Decided to go simpler, with a hose holder that I can simply wind the hose into. Not as big as I thought, but it holds over 100' of Craftsman rubber hose without a problem. Not sure if the post in the center made any difference when it comes to winding up the hose, but it doesn't get in the way, so it is fine in my book. Nice finish  with thick lacquer which I am hoping will keep it from corroding or rusting out anytime soon.
much better response time at turning pages, launching apps and using the inet that other tablets in the budget range
2125	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well for my older kindle keyboard that doesn't come with a light.  It hooks on and bends the way I need it to in order to light up the kindle.  Pretty purple color.
 Audio/ music
5614	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	These are okay. They do work, but there bond provides a lot of bulk. After purchasing these I became aware of the Velcro brand Reusable Self-Gripping Ties which come with 50 in the pack and was MUCH happier with those. Those are much more compact and don't have a "fuzzy" part like these Belkin ones do. Also, these Belkin ones have a tag that says "Belkin" on them that stick out which further adds to the bulk of the tie you are trying to make.
Fourth, a better looking device. I don't need the keyboard but it takes a significant space on Kindle 2. the LCD screen works fine but it reflects light and consumes battery when reading so this might not be necessarily a plus. perhaps a physical keyboard that can be separated from the device might do a better job.
Side Sprayer gets it's own section: My wife doesn't think it sprays "hard" enough, but I don't like how she used to spray water all over the place, so I say it's fine.  The included lead weight makes for a nice retraction, but the included screws didn't quite grip the two halves around the hose well enough... so I used two of my own... (side note on the weight, it's real lead, so wear gloves, and clean up any flakes that drop out from screw holes).  Some people complain about metal spray heads getting hot - it seems to me that the handle is insulated enough to prevent this, but the T-top is not, so just don't touch it there (also - I usually only use this for cold rinsing anyway, so not a deal to me).  It's a little tricky getting used to grabbing the sprayer and lifting it from the hole -- because the hose holds pressure even when the faucet is off; so if you squeeze the spray valve/lever thing, it will release a spurt of water.  Also to be careful of during use is that the valve/lever thing works pushed in towards the handle, AND away from the handle; so be careful not to slip your hand under there expecting it to hold in place... it'll squirt all over (learned this the hard way).  But together, the sprayer matches the faucet beautifully.
-Very organized library (and easy to pick up where you left off no matter how long the Nook has been turned off)
5346	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Hard to use.
539	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Totally love this product!! I bought two - one for living room, one for bedroom.  I decided to try my hand in the bedroom first (in case I got frustrated and didn't finish the project).
5898	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
Don't hesitate, just do it.
The biggest problem I have with it has been  mentioned but not emphasized:
4423	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Won't actually run at 1.4. Won't even do 1.3. This seems to be ok for 1080p 24 and 30, but won't do 60 or 3d. And it won't do more than 30/10 bit at 1080p 30FPS.
1013	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Been using this card for just over a year of daily use and it has no issues. It is acceptably fast (I never think about the read/write speeds when using it), reliable, affordable, and holds plenty of media. A good purchase.
8427	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These headphones have some nice features. They are a nice shape that fits comfortably on the head. They are a nice size that are fairly easy to carry around for non-lightweight headphones. They also have a very nice long cord that gives a lot of reach. The only issue I have is that they are a bit more quiet and less responsive than other headphones I have used that cost about the same. If you want a nice pair of headphones that are easy to carry around, it's tough to beat these.
2324	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
At the price point the hardware is truly magnificent with a wonderful screen, fast processor, good storage capacity and an SD card. I didn't need the GPS and cameras that are 'missing'. The 7" form factor turned out to be ideal for my purposes.

I would recommend it to anyone in need of one.
Be well,

I've included a couple of before and after photos so you can see just how big of a difference this thing can make. Kudos Maxell! You did it right!
1670	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Some people just can't catch a break.

7271	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for cleaning up after the dogs. I may have to buy another one for the garden. Very solid better than I expected.
5592	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what we were looking for and easily installed.
8611	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I haven't had this purchase long enough to realize the affects it has on odors from my pets.  But according to comments from my relatives they really do work!
Would I purchase these?  Nope!  My advice to you?  Find something *better* because these things lack quality.
3987	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly at 1080p HD and in all other Canon EOS 7d modes. Costs less than 1/4 the price of the Canon equivalent. Expensive "high end" cables are a scam. It would be crazy to pay more. Tip: If you have never tried displaying your HD video or stills on an HD TV through an HDMI input, you will be shocked by the magnificent quality. Absolutely no comparison to the lousy pictures you got with the old analog inputs.
9410	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	SO perfect - I am glad that I found this on here. I ran out of tape and couldn't find it anywhere since Office Depot and Staples have all closed up by me. I prefer the white tape because I label all of the light switches in my house so that my kids know what switch is for what and I am going to label the back of out Firestick remotes now so that we know which remote belongs in what room.
8410	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my 15 year old granddaughter, they were the exact ones she wanted.  She uses them with her keyboard when she plays.  She loved them and said they worked really well.  Completely satisfied with my purchase.
Hopefully this update will help you in your decision. We would by one hundred more and pass them out as gifts and charity, just so people can get to read and find joy in reading! Great tool to use to educate children and adults!
2746	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GOT PINK......
But I purchased it with the intention of viewing home movie VCD's.

1764	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Family lost, another gained, lost and ?.  One loving, one dysfunctional, and ?.  All set to the background of  a country music road tour.  Even has new country music songs and recipes.
3692	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I chose this rating as it is exactly as described and well worth the money, I would recommend this to anyone that wanted one
8267	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cheap and reliable. I have been using these for several years. They break about every 8 months or so. Which is great with me. I keep a couple of spares.

4755	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Glad to find this!  Still live in the dark ages with a  VCR!
2118	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	After carefully looking over all the options on amazon I choose this book light based on reviews, price, and convenience. It is not too bright, but bright enough to read perfectly. The clip works good to mount the light onto any book. The bendy part is very flexible and stays put. Lightweight and easy to travel with. Battery lasts a long time. Would buy it again.
4464	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Obviously these headphones are not for the audiophile. Nor are they for the person who expects anything they buy to last for a decade or more.


mistakenly thought the cartridges were for my P-Touch, not knowing there must be other models of P-Touch.
5984	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just as I had expected, these tapes were clear, clean, and of excellent quality. I never doubted their condition, or longevity, and have not been let down.
4267	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Everything went super. Cables work excellat.
490	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really like the action on this mount.  I purchased a 27" monitor for my wife and this mount really frees up the desktop real estate.  I would purchase again.
592	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I needed.  It was easy to mount and supports my 40 inch TV (26 lbs) without any issue.  I haven't tested the extension brackets, but the rest of the device is very solid.  I will say that the hinges can be a bit tight, and it's not designed to be easily adjustable on the fly (you'll need a few tools).  If you plan on swinging your TV around a lot, this might not be the best choice, but it works perfectly fine if you only need to adjust it every now and then.  My favorite part is the small base.  I didn't have a lot of wall space to mount a TV, and this met my needs without eating all my money.  Keep in mind that you'll want at least two people to mount the TV on this device.  I attached my TV alone by precariously balancing it on a stack of boxes while I inserted the screws.  Speaking of which, I've mounted two TVs on this, and the box included screws which fit both (in addition to many more).  However, you may need a few more washers.
3352	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my Samsung S4 to boost the memory from the current card. Inserted the card and formatted it as per the instructions, no problems or issues and I now have the extra memory I needed.
I suggest you look elsewhere for an ereader. The nook just isn't ready for sale as far as I'm concerned.
326	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product...
A lot of people may think their nook is 'frozen' when actually the battery is drained, and when that happens the screen is set to whatever screen saver, book page etc you were on when it died. There's no 'power-down' it will just stop, and touchscreen will not be active, once you plug it up and charge it a little, it will be good again. Also the constant use of the touchscreen will drain the unit faster (obvious unfortunate fact)

65	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I think we read this with our son in 3rd grade and again in 5th.  For a boy it is wonderful, with WWII history, an exotic locale, adventure, danger, rampaging elephants and more.  A wonderful and very accessible coming of age story.  We've read 3 or 4 of Smiths books -- a great "go to" author for kids in the upper elementary age group.
4063	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Easy to replace and allows Garmin maps for the U.S. and Canada.
6609	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	GIFT

I have a Sony MDR-NC6 that I have been using for the past 2 years or so. It still works great, just that it doesnt have a cupped headset to cover my ear. If that is not one of your criteria, I highly recommend it. It sounds way better, is cheaper (at least now it is), noise cancellation works great too. See my review there.

6191	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this from Amazon 4 years ago and here it is 4 years later and it still works perfectly.  I had to write a review on such a great product.  It is a definite inconvenience when any of your electronic pieces hit the road.  Your television, cd player, receiver, computer, etc.  These are all necessities and if any of them break down they must be replaced immediately regardless of budget.
I wouldn't recommend anyone try these for high-current charging. They might work for low-current draw, but I haven't seen that.

- The views expressed here are my own, based on my personal use and experience with the product, and are unbiased and honest reviews. Any feedback, positive or negative,
4251	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked fine
9917	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have bought this before. I get at least 4 years of label printing. I print things for my son at school and lots more.

Color coded rings with matching cord labels
153	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This AC adapter worked out just fine and as it should!
8825	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The best looking Radio in the world, you will love it no matter what. Handsome little machine.
8901	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good
201	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought it as a gift. He loved it!
7561	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's not foolproof but makes a good inexpensive deterrent. It makes it harder for anyone to just grab and go. I hooked this up to a Mac Mini and a monitor.
screen: nook (barely) - same screen nook software makes slightly better typeface.
9881	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this for labeling boxes in my workshop. The labels stick and the printed stickers make things look a lot more organized.

4924	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	it did the trick
I compared the BNRV350 and BNRV300 side by side and noticed the that BNRV300 had a brighter screen/image than the BNRV350. I have researched/googled that the BNRV350 has some sort of screen protector/glare protector. So that was a tiny thumbs down for me. However reading at night with the glowlight on is 3 thumbs up. Definitely much better compared to a booklight. Of course the downside is that the battery drains faster. I haven't done a 2nd test but I think my battery was down to 29% after having the glowlight turned on for 3/4 hours I think. There is also a small lag time when you press the touch screen. The side buttons are a bit of a pain in pressing. You have to be exact when you press them otherwise you're not pressing anything. I don't really use the buttons because I don't want to wear them up so I use the touch screen to go to the next page and an Android App (button saviour) so I don't wear the buttons and N button out. Also having the MICROSD feature is 10 thumbs up! I can put lots and lots of files. You can only up to 32gb MICROSD though. Even though Ive rooted this tablet and will be able to use other apps such as internet browsing, email, calculator, etc. etc. I have my other electronic tablets for that. I just love that I can read in the bright sunlight with this thing and am able to read all the various formats. The reason I bought a lot of the nooks (I have a new BNRV300 and another (new) BNRV350 coming) is because they have discontinued this product. The newer versions does not have the microsd version and heck to the no for that. I want to make sure if my Nook gets damaged I have a spare one.  I recommend this if you can get a good price for it and if you also don't get those dreaded glowlight holes. <cross fingers> that my new BNRV350 will not have that. Ill let you know.
Agreed the tape is expensive but it is a class act.

1767	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the first novel I've read by this author.  It has captivated me as it moves right along gripping my mind and heart.  People may appear to be different from many of us, but once one takes the time to learn about others ... well, they may very well become soul mates.  Such as Rock Star Rye Crenshaw and Tory Simmons surprise themselves.  This is a compelling, sometimes disturbing story, but it remains very hopeful as the pages turn very quickly.  Highly recommend this well written novel of love.
* Excellent support for open book formats
221	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	nice, cute album - would be a better value if priced a tad less expensive


8701	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	i don't care for the snap. the one I had previously had a magnetic clasp, much easier to use
4088	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The packaging is frustrating on these, as it took me a lot to open it. Once I got inside, however, it is fine. It's a good overall product, low cost and works for what it's meant for. I can't complain too much.
7955	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have no idea what is so different about this cable from all the others I've ever used, but I cannot seem to get it to stay connected.  I have two of these, and even though they are pushed in completely (to where they "click"), they seem to always be coming JUST loose enough to lose connection.  For example, I have my computer connected to my router with this cord, and if there is any movement from either end of it, it will disconnect, and I have to give it a little shove into the computer or the router to re-connect it (it never comes OUT, just doesn't stay tightly connected, I guess).  Thankfully these were quite inexpensive so I don't feel as ripped off as I might if I had paid more, but it is still frustrating.
1347	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product and fast delivery!
If you setup the Nook and do not provide this credit card during setup, no books can be sent to the Nook wirelessly, they must be sync'ed with a cable tethered to a computer.  Since my 12 year-old daughter purchased this herself with her own money, I have no choice but to either tell her to eat the unit or use my credit card without any parental control.  Furthermore, it would appear that B&N is entering into a contract with my minor daughter in this regard.  By opting out of this model, you are left with an utterly useless device.
5682	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great!!!
If you read a native .pdf on the nook it is the whole page squeezed down to the 5" screen - impossible to read.  If you use Calibre to convert the .pdf to .epub format, then the end result is variable.  Diagrams get screwed up or disappear and while text can be enlarged with the font size function, even the text formatting may or may not be acceptable.
6323	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are great for completing a distribution panel - long enough to reach from corner to corner but easy enough to coil if the connection is much closer.
Jack Nightingale is an appealing character -  likable, funny, smart, and yet in many ways very ordinary. The other characters in the book ranged from bizarre to ordinary, but all were entirely believable and felt very real.
8963	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	While it seems silly to sit and glorify the merits of a cable, the Belkin series of cables are truly great. I have a number of varieties of them, and they are all excellent - well made, work great, and the snagless aspect actually is qite good. Good connectors that won't break soon, too.

Yep
6747	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's an extension. Kind of hard to say more than that. It's a Belkin cable, so it's good quality. The ends have molded strain reliefs. This is a USB 1.1 cable, however, so data transfer speeds will be slower. But if you are using it only to charge something, it won't affect it.
8567	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice cable and for the price it's ok, i have only try it once and it works perfect. The only things i dislike is the color tone, in the picture it looks more white, but now i see that is like gray, i use it with the VGA adapter for my ipad and it looks bad because the ipad adapter is really white.
2690	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Will not charge a Samsung Galaxy tab 10.1. I tried the stock usb cable and one i purchased to use in my car for this device.... i am still looking for a car option
Lots of mounting options
3208	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job
991	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I used the card only a few times and this last time it failed and would not reformat, be recognized, etc.  I lost a once in a lifetime ski videos.
 This "Grand Prix" line is much better than the "Classic" because of the comfy grip. Buy it now with no regrets!
5953	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	FAST.
8028	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what i like and this is a very good product i really appreciated. thank you very much.
8335	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great large trackball that was discontinued after a few years by Logitech.

9762	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good deal
Works great with Linux and Windows!
4095	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got this to replace a shorter cable.  Unbelievably happy with the cable.  VERY flexible, solid build, and works great.
322	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good
664	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Got this to replace a Peerless Paramount wall mount when I got my new TV.  Let me start off by saying it works as advertised.  But that won't get you 5 stars.  The problem is installation.  Maybe it's my own fault for thinking all TV wall mounts worked like the Peerless I had.  See, that one has a separate TV plate that you screw to the TV first.  Then you have the second piece (the actual wall mount) that you screw to the wall.  Once that's done, using the bracket mounted on the TV, you hang the TV on the wall mount and secure it with a single bolt.  One person can easily put a TV on the wall.
It is  small enough (4.5") that I keep mine in my front pocket at all times,  with the strap hanging out so I can whip it out quickly.  It is very well  designed and easy to operate.  I have not used other digital recorders, but  compared to the many microcassette recorders I've put up with, this thing  is fantastic!
I see others complaining about FM reception, but it's only slightly worse the radio on my car - which is not to say my car has a bad radio (it's a 2013), but that given this thing doesn't have an antenna, it does an amazing job inspite of that.
Has Play installed
8995	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine for my purpose, a wireless speaker I can move wherever I want to listen to my main stereo.  I use it in the kitchen and by the pool, which are not wired for my stereo.  Sounds about as good as an inexpensive boom box and has a good range.
3536	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	no problems. works great. installed into my phone and it works just fine. would buy again if i need to
9594	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product!

7689	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These casseette tapes work really good. I have use them to tape on, shows a very good picture.
5712	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
2846	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great
Happy Nooking
7066	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Simple need and this product delivered.  Great quality too and very heavy duty.  Connections are solid with no worry of accidental disconnect.
It has a very responsive touch screen for all your navigation.  I had a 1st generation Nook and this one is far easier to navigate through books which is a big plus for Bibles or Reference books.  It reads ePub format so more than half of what I read comes from the public library.
9285	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have never used any of the knock-off tapes in my Brother labeler so I can't compare with others but these work well and make a nice label. However, Brother has learned from HP that their future is in selling tape, more than label makers. They have the machines set to waste label tape by printing with large margins of blank tape. If you print one label at a time, it is possible to waste 30% or more of your tape in oversized margins. This is no fault of the tape but the label maker.
As for the cleaner, it works in spades every time. Buy with confidence for that purpose.
I'm switching back to my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sony-MDR-ED21LP-Fontopia-In-The-Ear-Headphones/dp/B000094Q77/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sony MDR-ED21LP Fontopia In-The-Ear Headphones</a>&nbsp;even though one channel has died. Good audio in only one ear is better than pain in both. (The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/JBuds-Hi-Fi-Noise-Reducing-Ear-Buds-Black/dp/B000IG66VS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">JBuds Hi-Fi Noise-Reducing Ear Buds (Black)</a>&nbsp;are also quite adequate.)
5845	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works as described

697	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this mount based on others comments beforehand and i appreciate the guidance. The problem with wall mounting flat screen TV's is to make sure the hole pattern of the mount lines up with the hole pattern on the TV you buy. I'm using this mount with a VIZIO E320ME 32-inch and it works perfect.
As the parent of a teenager I know that younger Mac users, even first-time ones, cannot be bothered to take the time to read instructional books such as this one and thus I suspect that this book will be mainly used by the slightly older reader.  If I am correct, the publisher should have taken the size issue into account.  That it was not done is the only reason why I have dropped my rating of this otherwise serviceable book down to four stars.
6034	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good dvd blanks
768	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Trivial to use. No setup required. Just plug it in and your device screen is mirrored to a display over HDMI.
3959	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted something to connect my Sony Handycam to TVs and HDMI monitors, but didn't want to pay a fortune. This product hit the mark perfectly. It doesn't have all the shielding of a Monster Cable or the like, but I'm not using it for permanent installation, I'm using it on the go, and so far I'm getting perfect picture quality and ease of use (I needed a long cord).
  You can't solder these cables. They require a metal to metal contact, and lead-solder doesn't qualify. Also, it is critical to keep them spiraled, all the way up to the end. Even when attaching, instructions call for twisting them right up to the connection.
-good SW with whip ant.
2390	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great buy.
2419	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great
7923	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thank you A+++
1997	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with service and product. This item was just what I was looking for.

Able to get hooked up to B&N web site immediately via built in wifi.
I did my reading and we seriously considered an iPad for the family with each of our 2 kids putting in $150 or so.
My only complaint so far is that I am not able to categorize my books into categories. At the moment, I'm forced to wade through my list until I find the book that I want to read. B&N has already sent out an update, which is a good improvement over the old interface. While the touch interface can be a bit buggy (Sometimes you have to flick your finger more than once or use the arrow keys to turn the page.), I can turn pages in one second compared to the 2-3 seconds it would take with the original software. That wasn't a big deal until I received the upgrade.

Worth every cent.  Every pc enthusiast should have some sort of advanced cable-tie system in place.
8478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This, along with the Sony ICF-7600G are among the two best portable shortwave radios offered by Amazon at this time. Both have their advantages and it is up to the user what is most important. The Grundig YB-400 is a  fairly easy to use radio that allows the user to punch in the desired  frequency, enter it into one of 40 memories, or scan desired bands to find  a station of interest. The Grundig's best asset is its great audio. It is  definitely the best audio I've heard from a shortwave portable and makes  listening a real pleasure. If you live or travel to any part of the world  other than Europe or eastern North America the Grundig YB-400 is the best  you can buy. If you live in one of those two places consider the Sony,  which has a synch. detector that allows you to reduce interference from  adjacent stations. This is important in areas where there are a high number  of strong stations crowded next to one another. In any case, both are well  worth the money.
2899	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome for the buy.
6224	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cable length is what I was looking for and these are priced pretty more than well for what I needed.
2748	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I asked for a clear and a black - which they sent - but the black one doesn't cover the keys at the top of the keyboard.  Never mind, the clear one fits perfectly and it goes over the edges slightly so it covers the crack between the keys and the rest of the case.  I have animals who shed everywhere and this is excellent to prevent dander from clogging the keys.
1562	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've used a nook simple touch for a long time now, at least a year, and I've always loved it but hated that I had to have a light on to read at night (this isn't the stone age, we have the technology) so I got myself the simple touch with glowlight for christmas and I LOVE it highly recommend it to any avid readers out there!
At the end of the day I wasn't nearly as tired as when I didn't use the headphones.
The hardware quality is outstanding, and the screen resolution phenomenal.  Even tiny text is crystal clear.  And the screen is about the size of a page in an average-sized hard-cover book (as opposed to many other readers, whose smaller screens are barely the size of a paperback).  The HD+ offers many tablet-like features, including Apps, Internet access, WiFi, and Bluetooth connectivity.  But it lacks a camera, because it wasn't intended as a tablet, but as a *reader*.  As a tablet, there are some software quirks, but as a reader this unit is truly top-of-the line.
Interior: Hard Case To Hold Phone
The ROM maps  cover most major areas of the US, but for true coolness you need a memory  cartridge and a copy of the MetroGuide CD ROM. The areas in this software  are HUGE so I suggest going with the 16 Meg cart and skipping the 8 meg  one. For example, Northern Virginia takes about 7 Meg and the DC metro area  is another 7 Meg. Anyone living in either area probably wants both regions  available so you can see that the 16 Meg cartridge is key. All in all, a  very cool toy.
6440	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Only USB 1.1 - But works just fine to extend my keyboard & mouse cables.  For the price, I'm very happy.
8216	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I worked as well as advertised. It is the best that I have seen in awhile. I would recomend this product to anyone who wants to clean their tape player without any hassle.
The player itself is very good. I would also suggest looking  at the Rave MP2100 MP3 player before you make up your mind. Though this is a  neat little machine, I am not sure that the USB option works as fast as  it's touted in the promotional literature. Recommended with some  hesitation.
861	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This fit perfectly in my Motorola Droid Maxx2. I'm able to save data to it without any problems (you will need to set your phone to store data on the SD card  instead of the internal storage on the phone itself). So far, no problems or issues - it just worked OK right from the start. Will post an update if I have any issues with it.  Just remember that what you can store on the card will be determined by the app you're trying to download,  your phone's OS and the phone itself.
375	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product
I know a lot of people find SSB reception to be important, but I rarely use it.  As often as not, I like to just tune around the SW bands at night and see what I can find.  Sure is interesting to hear the viewpoint that other parts of the world have about the US.

1000	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I now have tons of room for music, videos and photos. The SD card formats to about 59 GB, which is normal for a SIII - The phone's operating system uses up several gigs of any SD chip.  It came pre-formatted (I think) but I went ahead and re-formatted it just to be safe.  Formatting only takes a few seconds.  There are numerous Youtube videos on how to install/format an SD chip for this phone - take a look if you are a newbie.
7982	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great

So overall I am really happy with my Glow.  My Nook Classic stopped charging, the charging port died, after 3 years.  My Kindle 2 still works but I gave it away to a friend.  My Kindle 3 is still my favorite eInk reader of all time, the Glow is a quick 2nd mainly because of size and light.  If the light every stops working correctly, I'll use it as a non-lighted eInk reader and still be happy as I paid 1/2 the price of a Paperwhite, the same price as a Kindle 4, and no ads, and comes with a charger.  A month in and I'm very happy.  Got a Squaretrade warranty as just in case though.
8323	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It is absolutely useless.  The pictures are grainy, blurry, and have color aberrations galore.  You can't even see facial features on people.  It is not a true 640x480 camera; it uses software to obtain the 640x480 advertised resolution.  Downloads are horribly slow, and the memory is not removeable, so you can't use a better download method.  It will drain the batteries with only one loading and unloading of the 2MB memory.  This thing is not even useful as a toy for your children.  Fortunately I bought from a reputable online dealer who took the thing back, and even refunded all shipping charges.  Do yourself a favor and get an Olympus D-360L or D-460Z.  ...a lot more money, but about the least you can pay for a digital camera that takes decent pictures.
7800	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item is just what it says it is and i'm liking it already... Thanx very much and hoping to make business again.
7327	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a HTPC and even though its rare sometimes I do need to use a keyboard with it.  I had a large print keyboard that is so easy to see in a not so brightly lit TV viewing area that I wanted to use.  Got this cable and routed it from the PC, around the back of the TV, and that puts the keyboard at a comfortable location for typing on.
6756	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product I'd recommend to anyone.

Oh, and the cable is too short, too.
2510	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a bunch of these, from various retailers, all are identical, each made in some anonymous Chinese factory, all exactly alike.
1038	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great price compared to best buy. i got this card for my smart phone so i can store lots of music and movies.
Now you just fold the tape to release the liner and peel. The process is some what cumbersum and if you are not careful, your goind to have one heck of a time doing the release.
5213	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Tapes are exactly what I wanted. I'll be using this seller again.
If you copied file to computer, don't  bother with CD File autorun2.exe cause it loads a wizard that is slow, and once you pick TL-PS110U, it leads here to above file anyways
755	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice tablet, great price
8807	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We all use these with our Motorola radios while hunting.  The animals are not spooked due to the earpiece.  The earpiece fits comfortably in my ear without the foam.  Just press the button clipped to your collar and others can hear you even with a quiet whisper.
9804	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a Brother brand tape that I purchased for my Brother P - Touch Labeler. Looks, works, and sticks just like the tape that came with my labeler. And available at less cost than I could find in the local office stores.
9187	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Wow, what a frustrating product. The technology is so tantalizing, but the realization through the Rio 500 is so bug-ridden that it drove me crazy.  I  am returning the product.  Some of the problems:
7684	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great and still working now # years in.  seems sturdy
3685	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a class 10 card for my GOPRO and this one looked like the best deal for the size ,and I have always liked the Sandisk brand .
7797	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great price and fast shipping

3. Decent sound quality
9802	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I label everything and I love this stuff.  Works well and I use it to label everything from the soap dispenser on the kitchen sink to the bank of light switches.
===========================
But overall good case.
That said...This is a top o' the line midrange priced paring knife and although I don't favor Wusthof I did buy a set of these for the grrlfren and we both love this line.
Don't let the shipping from Korea fool you either. I ordered this monitor Thursday late at night, received it Tuesday morning!
5039	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love these headphones!! I got these in Narita Airport and obsessed over them the whole airplane ride from Tokyo to Bangkok...for a very valid reason. These headphones are great. Travelling a lot, I usually have to jack up the volume to nearly full blast and then get a ear-ache after listening for only a short while. But not with these. They cancel most of the noise in the airplane, no more droning sounds! I can now listen to music on the airplane and other noisy places using reasonable volume. I think ths product does what it's supposed to do, cancels most of the noise. It never promised silence, so if that's what you are expecting from these, then don't waste your money. What it does when you turn the noise-cancelling circuit on, however, is cut off most of the very low sounds, so that when you're in places with loud engines sounds (e.g. on an airplane)you won't be able to hear a lot of the grumbles. Plus, this model is an over-the-ear design, so even it cuts off some noise even without the noise-cancelling circuit on.
8484	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I am a gamer, and I don't use headsets, i use headphones, with a seperate mic. I saw someone on head-fi.org who bought one of these and used industrial strength velcro to attach one of these to their AD700s, so i decided to try it with my AKGs. It works pretty well, but the mic is real quiet right out of the box, but after turning the volume all the way up and putting the microphone boost up to 10dB, it is super clear and crisp. If you put the mic boost up to 20dB you can hear large amounts of feedback (buzzing/humming noise), but that it not too big of a problem, because it works fine with a 10dB boost. I would recommend this to any gamer, but if you can spend a little more money, go for the ANT Lion Mod Mic V2.
2201	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not only is this little light good for reading or music stands, but it's great for searching for things in narrow spaces. You can bend it to the configuration you need.

3550	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this since it said it was specifically formatted for the Galaxy S4, and for the first 2 months it was working fine.  Bought it to replace a SanDisk 64gb MicroSDHC card that was prone to have problems.

8747	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have owned this player for approximately 3 years and have learned all (or at least most) of its foibles. There are several major problems you should be aware of with this unit:
9750	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It is very difficult to get the label backs off without wrinkling the labels, it gets easier though.  However, the lamination on the labels is not as nice or as durable as Tze Brother products.  The packaging was also not very environmentally friendly.
It can be used with many device with 2.5 mm. plug such as  cellular phone, computer, also works on my Motorola Fr50 two-way  radio.

Cons:
733	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I checked around Amazon as well as some other sites, and decided these were what I needed.  I read the reviews, looked at the pictures and bought two of these.  I received them today.  I unpacked one of them, read the instructions and immediately filled out the return request for Amazon.  These mounts are very, very heavy and require 6, yes SIX, screws to mount to the wall.  Are you kidding me?  The TVs are only 22 lbs!  Two screws in the studs and then more damage to the wall than is necessary.  What a joke!  And Lag bolts?  Ever heard of screws?  The other issue is that these are very hard to move.  I bought an articulating wall mount for a reason, and I expect them to be able to move without a wrench in my hand.
I won't hesitate to buy another one in the future if the need arises. An excellent price ($30) for a good quality mount. If you want a mount that you can do pull ups on after install, buy the Sanus (and pay 5x more to do it). If you want a mount that you can safely hang and secure your TV on, save some cash and buy this mount.
2872	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product and the transaction was completely favorable.
6108	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
4034	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent product, very good.

This seller needs to be investigated. The seller is purposefully ordering fake cables and selling them as name brand (with the name brand price to boot)
749	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Having played with this for a couple of days I have to admit I'm impressed. I previously owed the 1950's DVD box set using the Bondi software as well, and this feels more refined and faster. I've been able to easy index various contributors and articles and save them for later.

8975	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The tripod is pretty decent for its price. It has everything I expected. It is light, easy to fold and unfold. I've been using it for a while and found that although it seem fragile, it has not been damaged as yet. The only issue I have with it is that it's a bit bulky to carry. But I guess that is expected from a 5' tripod. It comes with a nylon carrying bag that you can sling over your back. The strap is not adjustable though.
343	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Any product by this company is a hit and well worth the purchase over the high prices for like items in shops like Target or BestBuy.  I have bought 9-10 VideoSecu products over the years and all are extremely well built, easy to install and easy to use.  I will only uy their products from now on for my TV and computer screen mounting needs.
3109	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This item works with an I-phone 4, 4s and a Samsung Galaxy S3.  The microphone picks up sound 10 time better than the built in phone mic.  The shipping time was a little long but that is clearly stated when you purchase it.  This lets you use your phone as a digital recorder.  I will buy another one
6028	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I haven't used this a lot yet, but what I have used it for, it worked great.
First off, the volume and mute switch are on the inside of the case. This means you need to fold open the case if you need to mute or turn the sound down on your ipad. It's a minor inconvenience, but if I'm in a meeting and my calendar app starts shooting alerts it's nice to be able to flip the switch quickly then go through opening the notebook up and having to mute it. Now in most meetings I am actively taking notes but in other meetings I'm just a observer so when I am not taking notes this issue causes more of a distraction.
5754	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I burn a lot of dvd's and I noticed I started getting lots of skips and stalls of different movies. I ordered this little cleaner and just put  it in the dvd burner and followed the instructions and it fixed all my skips.
3354	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	can't beat the price.

1346	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	nice buy
Still, if you like thrillers, this is a pretty solid one that comes from an interesting perspective. The corrupt Chinese cop makes for an interesting anti-hero, as he is forced to confront his shallowness and culpability in his daughter's peril. And the sidekick is a wonderfully panicky teenager whose confusion over whom to trust is both tragic and comic. The pacing is great, with nonstop momentum and plenty of action interspersed. Probably destined to become a C-grade film starring someone like Jet Li.
- solar power, geez why not it only makes sense.
The speaker quality is pretty good just as long the user on the other end does their part in speaking into the mic correctly.  I have the MR350R waterproof version and the remote speaker is pretty close to the quality of the handhelds speaker.  The remote speaker does have a bit more treble to it but not bad enough to where its a problem.
2412	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
The Maxell UR is not meant for music. You can record your favorite songs but the optimum way to hear the playback is on a cassette that is referred to as Chrome or Position 2. The UR is a normal bias (Position 1). These are used to record voice. It may be advantageous for interviewing somebody, for notes to be transcribed, recording a sporting event and or a talk show from the radio.
First off, I work in a building which has a lot of electrical interference.  I needed something to get past that.  That was my only concern.  So it didn't much matter, as long as I could get past the interference.  Now that you know that, let me tell you about this thing.
The left main lens housing was sheared completely off from the unit.
8748	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We use this when travelling on airlines.  But to make it work the very best, you need a couple of additional items.  1.  You need GOOD noise cancelling ear phones to get rid of the background noise on airplanes,  trains, buses, cars, etc.  Panasonic Model RP-HC100 or similar.  2.  You  need a 'splitter' so that two of you (if you have a significant other) can  watch the movie together.  (Radio Shack) Then all you need to bring is  popcorn.  3.  For those long flights, you'll need one or two extra  batteries.  The battery that comes with it will play for about three  hours.  It takes a LONG time to charge these batteries (about four hours)  so be prepared.  ENJOY!
Comfort: Actually, these are the most comfortable headphones I've ever worn. I get headaches if I wear a pair of headphones for too long, due to the pressure on my head. I also can't wear headbands for the same reason. These headphones are so lightweight and flexible that I can barely tell I'm wearing them - and so far, no headaches, even though I've worn them for some longer periods than I normally wear headphones.
5495	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well made, works as expected.
4931	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Hey, I am a music professional. I make many recordings and service equipment so I know what's going on in the world!
7366	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As shown and promised.


The box is pretty warm to the touch, worries me about how long it will last, but it is still running so can't complain yet.

4177	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	First one I ordered didn't work. Sent it back for exchange. 2nd one didn't work either. Sending it back for refund. This transaction has taken several weeks. Next time I'll just go to my local store. If what I buy doesn't work I can return it the same day. Why is amazon selling this junk?
8711	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	awesome they still have these around.  works great, shipped really fast.
6081	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Performing as expected.
574	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Just to know that the TV will sit off center of where the base is placed. Other than that it has held up and worked.
> Numerous options (equalize, shuffle etc.), if you want to bother to explore and set them, but it works fine "out-of-the-box" with the default settings.
9235	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Purchased and returned the camera.  From an optical perspective and the quality of the images, quite a great camera. Considering the substantial cost, several items were very disappointing and caused me to return it on a  cost vs. benefit aspect:  1) The camera does not come with a recharger and  appropriate NiCad (or better) batteries. Regular alkaline batteries last  about 30 min. for normal use.  2) The connection to the PC requires a  serial port only. Would be a nice option to include USB hookup. My  computer's serial ports are all used for other devices.  3) An 8MB flash  card that holds a mere 16 images in the 'normal' mode. 4) When connected to  the PC, the pictures cannot be easily transferred to software programs that  can sort, package or send the pictures.  A cumbersome copy procedure has to  be utilized to get the pictures on the hard drive; from there they need to  be imported to the software. Even with a 450 Pentium II machine, the  transfer was slow (even at the fasted speed setting for the serial port).  The instructions confirmed that photo software does not recognize the  camera as a device to copy from.  It should work just like a scanner (from  a system's perspective).
1178	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The battery lasts much longer, too. I had mine at 100% charged and it lasted for about twelve hours of playing time (with the brightness turned to low). I have the Netflix app and I can watch the videos perfectly. It's crystal clear.

966	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good. Ihad no problems
573	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love everything about this mount. It's versatile, holds our 30" LCD TV no problem and is discreet. My only complaint at all is that the instructions for mounting lacked a little detail but we looked up some videos and everything was fine. Most of the other mounts I found were twice the price so this is certainly a good deal!
1740	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed it for a microecon lecture class. Once set to the a bases'a frequency you won't need to set it again once the receiver is on due to it doing it automatically which is helpful.
5037	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've been using these for over a year now.  Basically, in a quiet environment these sound pretty good.  They aren't as good as similarly-priced studio-class headsets, but you're paying for the noise cancelling.  The raw capability is pretty decent, and has acceptable detail in treble, vocal, and bass ranges.
8545	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I need a Male/Female cable to use with a VGA extender. I didn't realize until I received the cable that the fastening posts actually prevented the cable from connecting because any VGA outlet would not accommodate that. I decided to take my chances with a hack saw and successfully (and easily) removed the posts from the female end. The posts are only needed if using as an actual extension to prevent the cables from being pulled apart. It worked great for my application.
2582	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really like it and it works really really well. I like how well it works in the lighter socket

This book isn't perfect: it could use some tighter editing.  But the story is so captivating and original, the characters so alive, becoming part of my life, and still living within me almost three months later, that the rest become minor details.  I loved it.
1056	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This card makes carrying data a breeze. I keep movies, games, and music on it, and no matter which ROM I use, it works perfectly. Currently using Cyanogenmod CM10, but even running the stock OS, it worked fine.

Enjoy.
2140	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I wanted to love this, the color is awesome, but it doesn't snap tight on the book.  Which might have been workable, but then I turned it on and my husband went, "argh, what's with the spotlight?".
4013	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love it and it has been working great in my camera since I bought it, could ask for more, thanks.
All I can say is this is finally the ereader I've been waiting for...  excellent battery life, good Pearl screen, touchscreen, and perfect size.
9541	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
2072	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice little book light.  It is bright enough to read in the dark and the flexible head lets me position it as I like it.
8501	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought these for the price and really did get more than what I paid for.  If you're shooting for looks, you won't get it.  These speakers are ugly and i hate the external volume control...makes for too many wires running  around if your like me and have ethernet cables and a bazillion extension  cords already.  As far as sound goes I thought they were far more than  serviceable.  If you really like to turn it up I would recommend something  a little more powerful, but if you have them in a smaller room and such  they'll do great.  Great price, nice sound, ugly packaging, but a definite  recommendation overall.
3974	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The new nokia n8 has HDMI mini out port and it comes with an adapter in the box. You can bypass the adapter by getting a cable like this one! It works great
- Price
6373	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Fast shipping, fits perfectly, my brother love the color so when it time to turn on the wifi he doesn't mix up the cords. Definitely buying another one for backup
Note: Nook is speedier than many reviewers here suggest. I suspect it is due to the new software update. I was able to swipe through pages with no difficulty.

99	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Like the new design as it is more sturdy than the original charger.  Perfect!
5061	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When home, I have the radio on a lot of the day, mainly talk radio.  I bought 2 of this radio in August 2000 (yes, three zeros) and they bit the dust in late 2007.  I got about 7 years of EXCELLENT performance from these radios.  I have 2 because one sits on bathroom sink and goes back & forth from bedroom to bathroom while getting dressed.  The other goes between kitchen and office constantly.  There's 5 presets for AM.  I wish there were more.  There's 10 presets for FM.  One used to be for Howard until he left (a huge Howard fan here who has not gone Sirius) and now I basically only use one for WCBS-FM (when they got smart and realized, in the immortal words of NY Daily News, that they didn't know jack), and the others go unused.  The TV channel part of this radio, I never use and couldn't comment.
9398	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great to be able to order my favorite label tape from Amazon. No more driving to the office supply store. Great price too.
5295	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have yet to use these headphones on an actual aircraft. So far I've used then to listen to my computer music and find them very acceptable.
4630	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was force to buy this since the one that came with my Sony portable CD player and my cassette player in my car didn't get along! I had one of these for years but time got the best of it. SO if I have to get another one, this was my only choice since it works without ANY drama!
I need books that accurately cover what most users NEED to know for effective use. Anything else is fluff or dangerous errors.
5023	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is a nice player....Unlike many other mp3 players this has some good bass and loud too(which I like very much)
447	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works fine
3459	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Before buying this cable, we had gone through several cables that either didn't work, poorly fit or only lasted a short while in active use.  Thus far no problems with this cable, function, fit and durability are good.
So, I had to purchase other lockdown cables.
6982	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, nice to have the printer away from the PC on the desk. Gives me more room on my desk.

6534	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	WORKS GREAT!!!

I originally decided to go with the 3G for two reasons; 1) I wasn't sure I could set up my home wi-fi to work with the Nook, and 2) I wanted to be able to purchase books from absolutely anywhere.  And I've been glad I chose that; I have yet to purchase a book over just the wi-fi.  I was at a doctors office recently, waiting and waiting and waiting, and it was wonderful to be able to shop, buy a book, and start it while enduring the endless waiting.

2376	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!
4943	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product was as advertised and came with all of the parts. Reviewers who downgraded it must have received a different item.
4935	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Did not resolve the issue with my car dvd drive.  When I put it in the drive ejected it as it did with dvds. I beleive it is ok. Just haven't tried it in any other dvd drives I have.
8589	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	So far so good. Have had it for just a short while and have noticed a difference. Most likely will order more:)
3360	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We bought 1 for each of 2 Samsung S4. We had to bring it to a V store to have it installed. They had to look up the process. Works well, does what it's supposed to do. Cold only have self-installed it if we were techies, which we are not.
6399	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!

That is a fairly easy thing to do with a bit of patience and reading. There are step-by-step videos on how to do this and links to necessary files. All you need to get you started is Google "root Nook Tablet". Yes, when it is rooted it does void the Nook Tablet warranty, but it can be unrooted without problems.
9919	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The product came in the factory sealed packaging. I have owned the Brother P-touch PT-65 for many years now and I love it. I am so much more organized. But this is about the tape. I use this tape on everything - file folders, plastic containers, metal, cardboard, everything except I don't think I've ever put it on wood. The most difficult thing is peeling the label from the backing. Some days it's easy, some days not so much. The key is to gently rub the pad of your thumb over the edge of a corner of the tape. Usually this separates the tape from the backing enough to peel it off. The tape sticks very well - I've even washed over the labels several times before it started to peel up on the corners - but it also peels off easily except from paper. It always seems a little expensive to me but one cartridge lasts forever.
I have Playboy Cover to Cover for the 50s and the 60s. This item is on my wish list and will be a 2011 gift. While not being able to comment on this item, I can comment on the quality of the oldest magazines and BONDI support.
now you can get this item for $7-$9 and works great on cell phone and small video devices.
The pros: the low price; comfort; convenience; savings from being able to borrow library books instead of buying something you'll only read once; no clutter of physical books; easy loaning to friends with a guarantee that they will be returned in 14 days (automatic returns); ability to read multiple formats via conversion in free Calibre software. The Nook can also read your PDF files/documents from your PC or elsewhere, plus it can use your JPEG files of photos to use as your custom screensavers; the Nook will convert them to B&W.
9425	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	my husband uses this all the time.
i recommend it
4208	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I put this micro sd card in my new phone and it works great and fast shipping and attractive price.
9063	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly, keeps my drive clean and dust free  Definitely work 5 stars
I do have another big, heavy tripod for windy days but plan to carry this one on hiking trails and long distance trips.

These travel around in my flight case and camera bags all the time and still work great. I'm ordering more as soon as I finish typing this review.  Seriously, stop reading and just buy them already!
9838	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This cartridge fits well and I've purchased it a few times already. It works well and has no problems. It is authentic and cost effective for our needs: Labeling leftovers in the fridge so that we don't poison ourselves with 2 month old food that should have been thrown out last week.
Pros:  Easy to install (helps to have a cordless driver to drill 6 pilot holes, and to drive in 6 lag screws. You also need to have a stud finder).
7058	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A 2 meter USB extension cable for this price from a reputed maker is a surprise. Works well.
8468	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had my radio for about six months now and I could not be happier.  It pulls in stations from all over the globe 24 hours a day.  It is easy to use and extremely reliable.  I recently took it to Mexico with me so I could keep up on U.S. news and it provided me with several U.S. broadcasts.  I love this radio.
That said, this is still a good book for new Mac owners, and seasoned ones. I picked up a couple of tips I hadn't seen before and I've been using Macs for 5 years.
9842	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these with my brother label maker. I have no complaint, they work as described and overall good price. The writing quality is as expected and they lasts pretty long time for me. 26ft is a lot of labels.
7805	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Came very quickly and work great
4234	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Micro SD's are more popular now because of the PDA explosion (e.g. Blackberry, Motorola Moto Q9h, Samsung Black Jack, etc.).
Instead of using batteries or an ac adapter. it plugs right into your USB port! SO CONVENIENT! When I am done with it I remove it. The adjust-ability is the best. You can move it and shape it anyway you need it. I would recommend this to anyone who needed a good quality light for a smaller budget.
4618	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was extremely pleased with how well this cleaned my CD player lens. A CD was stopping and skipping and generally making a nuisance of itself. I used the cleaner. The CD now plays perfectly; I guess I can stop looking for a new bookshelf system. One tip: This thing is a little strange. It has 7 tracks. Track 1 does the cleaning. As it works, you can hear music playing. When it's done, you get a message that you can go on to tracks 2 through 7 for some speaker/wiring tests and some Maxell jingles.
In fact, I realized that how good a tablet is liked depends so much on how easy it is use - propped up for reading, laid back for typing. And this cover/stand makes all the difference between using this old tablet easily, and using other, newer tablets without a well-designed stand.
The camera was too easy to use and  I wonder why Agfa made these things.
It works well, lasts long, and provides quality labels.

7808	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Colorful and functional.
What I haven't any experience with before now is powerline adapters. I've looked at them and been curious how well they work, but never actually used them until now. I have a wireless router that features dual-band 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz. The 2.4 GHz band works very well all through the house, but the 5 GHz band is erratic, providing an excellent signal on the second floor and a very unstable signal on the third floor. I finally decided that a Belkin F5D4077 VideoLink Powerline Internet Adapter
8828	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I was expecting the G2000A to be much better made than it appears to be.  The case is plastic, and not particularly good plastic at that.  The seams between the front and back halves of the case don't fit together well, leaving an unpleasant sharp edge.  The leather cover is nice, and, unlike the plastic case, gives the radio the feel of an item that apparently once sold for $180, or there abouts.
8718	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I really like mine. It takes good pictures. It was easy to get started with it. Do not try to buy a small camera bag for it because the lens cover will come off easily and you may accidentally turn it on when putting it into its bag.  I highly recommend the USB disk reader, makes things a lot easier. With that reader you may not need the battary charger unless you want a slide show on your TV. Note that the Kodak 280 is offered here... [it] is probably more value. But, you will have to buy accessories so [it] will become a bit more after its all done. I can't say too much about how the pics print because I have been using it exclusively for Internet images. I am having fun with mine.
9427	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These, and their corresponding Brother label printer are a great thing to have. From the occasional labeler to the compulsive labeler and organizer, this is great to have.
This is my second Mighty Bright - since I have it in my reading area as well.  No....I don't use it for a reading light.  I use my Kindle-Lighted ebook cover for that.
This USB extension cable has performed beyond my expectations for over 8 months. There has been NO noticeable [at least not to me] degradation in performance to my accessories [digital camera, webcam and JUMPDRIVE ] by using this extension cord and it means that I do not have to be fiddling behind or leaning down in front of the computer to attach and detach the equipment.

I have used it on a canon rebel t3i (with the sd adapter), a samsung galaxy s3, a galaxy duos, and my laptop. Everything worked like a charm.
"click" means to press and quickly release; "press" means to press and hold for a second or so; "push" means to push and hold as long as necessary
9461	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just as described
9460	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	While the tape is great for it's purpose the only down fall is that it is hard to get the backing off so that you can use the tape. But otherwise a better price than anywhere else I'be seen.
7307	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I mean it's a cable and if it works, I'm happy.  The price was right.  So, what more is there to say...
Still using and loving these glasses, every day! One did break, oddly. We do put them in the DW and have never had another issue with them, but one did come out with a circumference-crack about an inch from the bottom, rendering it unusable for drinking, but still structurally ok. It's so pretty that I just took that one, turned it upside-down, and sat my webcam on top of it. Now, I get to look at it all the time and the set-up is much prettier than if it were on a boring tripod!
8616	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just used this mike today on a hike.  Worked great and I love having my radio out of the way in a pocket on my backpack with this mike handy on my bags shoulder strap on my chest.  Mike is high quality, sound is great for a mike/speaker, and I like the rotating clip on the back so the mike can be oriented in an optimal position.  I'm going to order another one for my other radio.
There are convenient page turning buttons flanking the screen, making for easy one-handed operation in a subway.  You have a choice of font styles and sizes, and the screen is easy to read even under bright sunlight.  You can touch any word onscreen to get a quick dictionary definition (provided, I found, that the word isn't hyphenated and run on two lines).
1139	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my then fiance now my wife 2 years ago. and this was such a bargain back then! it had a killer resolution (and STILL comparable to the "retina display" ipad airs), and google play store. few months ago, i install cyanogenmod on it, and it runs the latest version of android flawlessly. sure, it didn't have a camera, but do you really use a camera on a tablet? (do people realize how ridiculous they look taking a picture with a tablet?). my only regret is not buying another one earlier. now that b&n stopped making them, the prices on these tablets and the cables seemed to have skyrocketed. oh the one big downside is the proprietary cable. other than that, this guy is golden.
2173	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had this for awhile and love it. handy, lite, bright, good clip.
While "Sleepwalker: The Last Sandman" sits comfortably in the same niche as the works of Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett, Marlowe holds true to his own unique creative vision. I think you'll agree with me that Marlowe delivers  "...a happy ending that gives me exactly what I want, but in a way that I never expected." And that's a promise.
2865	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect for my needs
8555	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable is exceptional first of it allowed me to make a connection across a small office without spending money on a desk. The cable is well built and doesn't tangle easily. The price is great as well.
2360	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use in car all the time..Still works great.
7896	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works as expected
I changed the IP address back to what the old print server was set as, and in about 3 seconds after it rebooted ALL of the queued print jobs came through. I instantly threw the CD in the trash so I have not had a chance to evaluate the software that comes with it.
946	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Enough space for what my son needed-no ptoblems.
4655	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I tried this with a CD-ROM player that was not recognizing the CD. Initially it seemed to help a little bit. But the problem returned quite soon. So I tried using the cleaner again, I think three times in a row. The problem really never went away.
606	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The kids more it all around. For game playing . And its holding up .The price what good .  Very happy with .
7756	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Used it in team gathering/meeting areas to allow multiple users quick, table-top access to power. The round format is nice for a centralized location.
1663	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Just to let you know where I fall when it comes to male main character Urban Fantasy:  Mike Carey's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Felix-Castor-Books/dp/B0046LUJFU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Felix Castor Books</a>&nbsp;are an autobuy.  Ditto Ben Aaronovitch's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Peter-Grant-books/dp/034552425X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Peter Grant books</a>.  I think Kenneth Hearn's&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Iron-Druid-Chronicles/dp/0345522478/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Iron Druid Chronicles</a>&nbsp;are good fun.  However, I've not managed to get through more than the first book of&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Dresden-Files/dp/B001BCFSL2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Dresden Files</a>&nbsp;but I did like the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/television-show/dp/B000YKT4BW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">television show</a>.
1163	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  I didn't think I would like one of these ereaders as I love turning pages but this is really great to read with.
7907	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As I said in my velcro review, this allows me to satisfy my OCD need for color coordination.  It comes with plenty of colored tape to identify your cord with the outlet, but I also got colored velcro ties to organize my cords as well.



5236	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have owned three of these radios.  They once performed well, especially distant AM reception.  The present version of this radio hardly performs any better than your average $10 radio.  At times, the Am reception from distant cities can be good.  But try to listen to a baseball game from a station only 35 miles away, and you have to correct the drift about every two minutes.  My wife saw my frustration one night, turned on the cheap table top radio and sure enough it held the station and had a better sound.

826	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great in my GoPro Hero 5 Black
4407	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Came faster than it said, the cable is solid, I highly recommend
8149	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good price and nice. brand new replacement just like the add said. I recommend them 100%. I don't think anyone could beat this price and quality.
8150	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like the snagless connection feature.  Otherwise it's your basic Belkin Ethernet cable for home or office networks.  It's good.
4458	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm copying old cassettes to MP3s, and some of the tapes are a real mess, so after running a couple through the tape player, the player starts to sound really mushy.  A couple runs through with this tape head cleaner, and it's back to clear sound again.
7080	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just recieved this cable, and it works great.  Like one of the other reviewers, I needed it to extend the USB hub for playing Rock Band on my XBOX360.  This cable works great, and now there is no risk of people yanking the cord out of the console while 'rocking out'.  I haven't tried it with any PC accessories, but as far as I can tell it maintains a solid connection without any issues.
1080	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my Amaze 4G and it works just fine. Has been for over a month now. The phone had to format the card first, of course, and I wound up with 59.x gigs of usable space. Thank you SanDisk. I have more storage on my phone now than I know what to do with.
Also, when it comes to textbooks this is a lifesaver!! My back loves the nook. I cannot recommend the nook (or any e-reader in general) enough. You can still buy physical books (I do and will never stop because I absolutely love them) but for an avid reader the nook is such a great addition to your life.
than i did at a few other places.
Netgear makes a great product, and this little guy is a great value.
I've used the Maxell XLII tapes for recording albums from vinyl, recording from compact discs, and recording live, e.g., parties, waterfalls, and my own electric-guitar playing using a Nakamichi microphone.
1177	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the Nook Simple Touch, and got this as a spare when I found out Nook is no longer making them.
Even before digging into my Sausage McMuffin with Egg breakfast, I  unpacked the Superadio III, plugged it in and was, indeed, amazed.  The  interference no longer dominated the signal from Los Angeles radio station  KFI.  It was still there, but not as much as on the Sony and Grundig.  The  Superadio III's analog tuner is, by its nature, more immune to it.  Throwing the WIDE/NORMAL switch to the NORMAL position reduced much of the  interference.  Judicious tuning and adjustment of the separate bass and  treble controls brought forth the desired sound while further fading the  interference to a tolerable level.  Thanks to the 2-speaker sound system,  the Superadio III delivers more "presence", allowing it to sound  louder even though the volume might be lower than on a radio with inferior  sound.
8931	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The cable was just exactly the length I needed.  The no kink feature is really nice.  It worked very fine.
For music recordings use Maxell's excellent XL2 or XL2S. They offer tremendous quality and longevity.
8270	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like the unusual design of this headset.  It takes a few extra seconds to position the over-the-ear piece totally over my ear and then adjust the receiver end of the device so it is snug and close to my ear.  Then it is very comfortable and lightweight. I also like the longer and flexible plastic covered microphone connector that enables me to place the mike close to my mouth.  (I don't like the types where the microphone sort of dangles a few inches below the mouth.)  I've only had this a few days, but so far my conversations have been very clear.  And the price is very reasonable, too.  Finally, the double wire coming out of the headset is not flimsy as some have suggested.  There is no clip included to attach the wire to my clothing, but my phone has a belt clip that I use to walk around when I am doing other things while on the phone.

4799	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	You are supposed to play or record for 30 seconds, and my Panasonic won't do the play, so I have to use record, but it keeps stopping every 3-7 seconds. Have to keep repeating to get to the 30 seconds and I worry that I may damage my VCR. But, I find this with all cleaners the last few years.  There used to be a Maxell (I think) dry cleaner that had an under water scene. When the scene was finished it told you to hit stop. Great cleaning and no stress on the VCR.  I can't find them anywhere for several years now.
7961	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say about this wire. It works, is 7 feet long and seems to be made from a strong plastic insulating the wire. The connectors are as sturdy as they come. Good quality wire.
7383	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This 15-pack is a great find for those who use these obsolete 90-min cassettes!

3862	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I didn't expect this camera to  be as good as it is. Takes good pictures and videos. But I am glad that I didn't buy from Kodac: their price is pricey. I gave less than $100 and consider this money well spent.
4349	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Tried it out last night and It works and everything is just fine.  I would recommend it and the price is right.
4292	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good cable
7299	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As described, fast shipping
6577	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These powerline internet devices have come a long way!  It worked without any complicated instructions or setup.  You just plug them into the wall, connect one to your router and the other to a device, and away you go.  I used a laptop for testing and did a bandwidth upload/download test and reached the maximums, so your internet speed is the limiting factor. I tested with the units on separate live conductor circuits from my 3-wire 120/240 volt house system, including an outlet that won't normally transmit old fashioned x10 home automation command signals across that divide.  No problems.  I'd agree with other reviewers that you are probably better off with the 3 port unit, though.

1665	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Private eye Nightingale had his soul sold to the devil when he was a baby.
supports almost every popular ebook format except for .mobi (which can be converted to epub or .pdf anyway)
I transfer everything to DVD so who's to know.
6283	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Network patch cables that work.  Perfect length that  i needed to finish my project.  Good connection.

-FM stereo through phones
720	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Received this item quickly and well packaged (But not so well that I was infuriated trying to open it)

He does not approach the police in the UK, preferring to use rather rough tactics to find his way.  He has a bit more luck than could be considered probable, in both finding the people he is looking for, finding someone to translate for him, and keeping out of jail himself. He commits a few murders along the way, which do tend to not be ignored in the UK.
5717	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've used these velcro straps, and similar velcro straps from other manufacturers, for several years now to secure cables for computer systems, networking systems, and entertainment systems in my home.  Before I discovered the velcro cable ties, I was using the plastic cable ties where you feed one end through a hole in the other end, pull until tight, and cut off the "tail".  But the thing I didn't like about the plastic cable ties is they can't be re-used and you have to cut them to remove them.  That's not a problem if you rarely mess with your equipment and cables, but in my case I seem to be upgrading something, moving something, repairing something, or throwing something away on a regular basis.  That meant I was regularly cutting a bunch of plastic cable ties, getting new ones, and re-tieing everything, which I sort of began to dread and then loath.  The velcro cable ties make it alot easier.
1385	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my Nook HD+, and already owned two of them.  Unfortunately, Barnes & Noble discontinued this particular model recently, and replaced it with a smaller unit by Samsung, which is less reader" oriented, and more like a full tablet.  Too bad, because after doing a lot of research, and reading a lot of reviews, the HD+ came out on top as an eReader, for many reasons.
8588	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I smoke cigarettes in my car, and this bag helps eliminate the smoke odor. I no longer smell cigarettes.
After more than twelve thousand hours of use the primary left button has given out on me.  The switch still functions but the button has broken and does not move anymore.  I am very disapointed to find that logitech no longer makes this trackball, I will be replacing it with a used one from ebay.
4296	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wors well - use it in my second car with an adapter and charges both my S3 and S4 quickly!
7400	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered these for my mother and she likes them.
I would highly recomend these not only for iPhone, but for other items that charge off USB, too.  I have used mine for my GPS, map lights, and my husbands iPhone.
1449	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	You would be crazy to buy here... its cheaper anywhere else.  UPDATE  I see amazon is now selling at the same price as the rest of the world so I retract...

This mount comes with every fastener you could need from Lags, Hollow Wall Anchors, Spacers, to varying lengths of Metric Fasteners to most if not all TVs.
5006	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I whole-heartedly give this product my ringing endorsement. In all the years of owning VCRs, I've never really felt the need to use a head cleaner-never really had a problem.
2080	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my mom....she says that it is very bright and she loves it. The clip is tight too.
most folks will buy and use this product to get around problems w/wifi speed or signal strength... but many folks don't even change default passwords on their wifi routers (usually 'admin' and 'password'), so what are the chances that they will use secure networking with a device that simply transports network info via electrical wiring? and if you live in an apartment building and someone else is using a similar device, it's a simple matter to snoop on transmitted data...

4) What happens if I replace my Nook with a non-B & N reader? I lose all content purchased.


6334	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Goood idea in theory, but my VA condo has aluminum sheets in the walls which keep out shortwave signals. Use in a frame dwelling or outside.
1981	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great cheat sheet for traveling!

377	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product


==============
what I don't like;
Overall decent headphone when cared properly. I am going on 18 Hr nonstop flight next month. Will update this review again with honest opinion.
7095	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Belkin makes a great product. This is a great solution to those that need  a usb extension cord. Belkin products are good and reliable. This is a good buy as well because if you walk into comp usa or best buy, you are going to spend up to 30.00 dollars for the same cord of a different make.

7857	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works fine
7379	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it.

FEATURES:

If your planning on buying this for your college bound student, get them a Kindle instead.
Strong
Completely dead. Would not recommend.
4. It doesn't mind getting wet along with you
9259	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I hadn't realized that Brother made a tape cartridge that features black on gold. It looks great for Christmas labeling! It also works for Halloween.

- Great price

9083	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good!
4923	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far I have no quams about this product.  I am not sure how much it improved my video because I used it as soon as I got it and though I did play a video on my used vcr before purchasing this I will say that it certainly didn't hurt it any.


Im going to upgrade to the NC IV for home & keep my NC II for in the car.
6623	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine
2819	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've waited a few months before writing this review, partly out of laziness and partly because I wanted to give the monitor a workout and not just write a review 'right out of the box.'  I got the monitor in mid-May, so I've been using it every day for four months now and every time I look at this monitor I am amazed at the picture quality is. Like other commenters, my monitor was pixel perfect. Every once in a while I do a pixel test and so far no bad/stuck pixels.


Great product.  Highly recommend.
Conclusion: This book will greatly enhance the experience of any NXT 2.0 buyer. It goes way beyond the models that come "bundled" with the set. It will keep youngsters glued to the set, learning and having fun. I think any prospective NXT 2.0 set purchaser would do very well in purchasing the book together with the set. Or perhaps Lego should bundle the book with the set!

Why not 5 stars? Like the other Hockney books (his are not alone in this problem) they are amateurishly published, there are some grammatical problems that caused me to need to slow down to figure out what the author actually meant. I don't mind a spelling problem here and there, but I find it annoying to have to stop and re-read a few times to figure out how to place a phrase or sentence back together with the right word. It didn't ruin the story at all, but I found it irritating at times.
notebook, still I find I need to look up how to do certain things. I suggest it
5170	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	did not work
2330	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Broken when it got here, not worth trying to return.
5250	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I USED THESE ON A PLANE AND THEY WERE GREAT.  FOR THE PRICE THEY CAN'T BE BEAT.
5137	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	VHS-C is out of date these days, but these are just as good a quality as they were when they were the main format. Recorded a few things with my old camcorder, no issues.
6714	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the trick
8990	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works.
I immediately contacted my credit card company and burned that card.
- Navigation is very intuitive.
2258	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Not good quality

6098	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A few months after I bought it, my Macbook Pro started getting touchy about burning CD/DVDs.  Then, months later it stopped reading program DVDs.  Movies and audio CDs stopped working soon after.  I barely used the drive, though, so I didn't much care.
7416	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Recently found a really great Onkyo 3-head, 3-motor cassette deck for playing my old cassettes from years ago - for low dollars.  This is the best price I've seen on good normal bias tapes - the chrome (high bias, Type II) are just too pricey - but these sound just fine for all my music, whether rock, jazz, country or classical.  Getcha some before the Type I prices get stupid, too.  And enjoy some George Jones singing along with a Beethoven tune while David Sanborn blows his sax and Jimmy Page picks his axe.
4850	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	really works! one of my old cd players in a 15 year old car I had to run it like 4 times but it worked and plays all my cds again. I like this product!
4465	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very clear
3663	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	SO VERY GOOD
I had problems finding a 3-foot cable not wanting cable all over the desk.
9616	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good buy
Pros
4289	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works like it's supposed to.  Using on a Samsung Galaxy S4 with no issues.
4650	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yeah, yeah, so if we're looking at these cassette adapters we already know we're not on the cutting edge of the tech world.  But this is still a great way to couple audiobooks and music from my smart phone to the sound system in my ancient crate.  Works way better than any FM transmitter I've ever tried (although I admit I gave up after the first one or two).  And the quality of this Maxell unit is at least as good as anything else I've come up with the last few years, particularly for the price.  The heads look well made (I've seen others that were downright crude) and the mechanism is quiet after six months' use.  Sound quality is certainly good enough, although my car is noisy enough that it's not a big issue.  I can't discern any difference between what comes through this adapter and sound off CDs in the factory player, so it's sure good enough for me.  I'm not an audiophile, but if I was I wouldn't be messing with cassette adapters!
-Comes with some extra hardware of which I have NO IDEA what it is there for.  I suspect it's a 'universal' hardware pack for several models and not all hardware is used for all models, but it's nice to have a little 'extra' (which is always better than not enough!)
7654	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Finally a surge protector you can use every outlet without having to skip over one or two because of transform plugs
1015	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my Galaxy S4 because the internal storage is apparently only about 9GB out of the advertised 16GB after formatting for Jelly Bean. The card works great so far and its actual storage capacity in the phone is 59.45GB. I've mainly just been able to use it for storing pictures from the camera so far, because I am waiting on Verizon and/or Samsung to release the S4 update in the US so that I can actually transfer some apps to it (especially Play Music which caches all of your songs to the internal storage by default). If you are looking to use this for the same purpose as I am, I would wait until the phone update is released as this could go on sale or lower in price between now and then.
They both do the job.  In fact, I slightly prefer the Nook to the Kindle in terms of form, ease of reading, and the presence of a physical button.

8709	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The plastic on the case cracked when i installed it.
Still many users believe this is one of the best trackballs ever made, comparable perhaps to the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Microsoft-Trackball-Explorer/dp/B00005853Z/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Microsoft Trackball Explorer</a>&nbsp;-- also no longer made.  A new MSTE one will set you back hundreds; they're scarce.
1217	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought it for my grandson and he loves it! I little scarry putting my credit card in it to purchase, but the item itself is great
2897	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Worked well. No drivers required.  Recognized right away.
The radio itself is easy to use. Put batteries in it and turn it on and it immediately worked for me. The buttons on the unit are confusing at first and the included instruction booklet was not great, but after a few minutes of playing with it, they all started to make sense. For example, the low power button is marked H/L and the instruction booklet does not mention it's use at all.
The good news is it was only $2.30 and lasted 3 years so no real loss.  Now that I'm in the market for a replacement, I noticed that the price went up quite a bit.  I might consider this again for $2.30 (since it's probably worth that), but with so many other cheap car chargers on Amazon right now, why get this one?
THE BADS:

7438	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Dropped this unit into the saltwater at high tide and had to wait 6 hours to pull it out, and IT WAS STILL ON even though it had eventually taken on water.  The unit lasted another 6 months of use in regular splashed environments before the long stay in saltwater finally got to it.  I immediately went out and bought another one.  Can purchase data on all bouy markers in your area and other data on CD for loading via PC connection.  Holds a ton of waypoints.  Quick to find itself after power off (have several other makes and models and this is the fastest).  Would recommend Garmin products to anyone.  In addition to being heavily capable against all weather conditions, the unit is also built to withstand dropping, etc.  The maps it comes with are adequate for normal use on highways etc without buying the CD additions, and are of recent vintage.  Nearby highway just recently completed was included in the standard onboard map.
5721	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Clean up everything as advertised!
3554	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought the 32 gig. card for just that purpose, My Samsung phone, takes as good pictures as most cameras. In fact I like the camera feature better than all the other stuff on the s-4. I would buy it again and again if I needed a lot of memory. I recommend this item to anyone who has run out of memory for pictures or any thing that needs to be stored out from the internal memory of the camera. I like to take moving photos with my Samsung, and those 8 second runs take a lot of memory, now I don't have to worry and running out of memory
It has also  produced some excellent outdoor shots, including some sky photography  (sunsets) that rival film versions.

6958	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love these props. They work well I won't fly anything else.
And don't forget all the free apps that Google has in the store.
Btw, I'm only rating this 4 star for now, since I still haven't filled the card enough to really put a strain on it.  Once I put it through it's paces, I'll update my rating based on it's long term performance.
6263	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good quality, low price and the cables worked as expected.  that is all you can as for from a network cable.
1681	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Plot/Storyline: 4 Stars
9876	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Brother M231 1/2-Inch Black on White Tape for P-Touch Labeler is a very good purchase.  I have been using Brother products for years but I especially like this purchase because I can use it for creating files or placing it on the outside of the building for tenant apartments bells so fedex and UPS can locate the tenant for deliveries.  It is a great purchase and I highly recommend it.
Previous purchase of VideoSecu product
TDK was and still is my first choice in blank videotapes, especially the higher grade tapes, if you can find them.  If you can't find the TDK brand on Amazon, try Radio Shack and CVS.  The color rendition and the lack of tape or cassette problems, have made this my brand of choice. Not a lot more to be said, other than that the general lack of VHS popularity has resulted in the increasing scarcity of blank and pre-recorded videotapes being made by any company. With cable on-demand television programs becoming more available, I don't need to tape as many programs as I used to.  I still record a few programs for later viewing that aren't yet available on-demand, and I also record TV specials that I wish to save for my own video library, such as concerts and biographies of famous singers and musicians. I don't really care to keep up-to-date on the latest video recording mediums and gadgets, so I just stick with using my familiar VHS recorders.
Sound is clear and loud, it's a little amplifier, I have to dial  the phone before putting it on because the dial tones of the phone through  this head set is so loud, it hurts my ear. It hurts even more after a long  time talking because of its weight hanging on my ear. The material  (plastic) is quite hard and sturdy.
Bangkok, Thailand
I connect my TV, XONE and PS4 and all of them work at full speed.
Otherwise, this is my first Lewis Simon book. Through Amazon Vine, the first I've heard of him. As *Bad Traffic* is headlined as "An Inspector Jian Novel", I wouldn't mind seeing a series with his level of talent and cultural appreciation.
Oh, and I should add that it's not the radios. They sound good until you plug these mics in.
8235	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works as advertised! my grand kids laughed at me for using such old equipment and I don't care because this is what I wanted
8027	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No problems at this point. I seems to be exactly what we wanted and meets all of needs so far so good.

7013	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin is a very good brand name and was in perfect condition when I received it. Local Best Buy wanted 30.00 dollars and this was 6.00 dollars thru Amazon
For now I am quite happy with this purchase.
7094	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the best deal you are going to find for these extention cables, great quality.

5821	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great buy works great
5400	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Really liked the format of the cleaning sequence. It tells you when it starts and is finished. Audio calibration is useful too.


The only circumstance that changed our way of life with  the GE came with internet radio.
7558	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Anything can be defeated but this definitely improves security, well designed and thought out. Delivered on schedule, with usual good service.
8442	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great for elk season! all 6 of us had them and they worked great for keeping in touch and hunting the elk herds. Wouldn't leave home without them for hunting. I was able to talk to my son and help him with his hunt.
6085	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine.
 touchscreen keyboard a bit small (if you're used to iphone/ipod)
So what to do? With a heavy heart I will likely return my gorgeous Nook Tablet and spend just a little more for a real 7" tablet upon which I will install a Nook app and be very happy. I simply don't have the time, patience or inclination to fight a company that has proven it just doesn't 'get it'.
8265	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	ordered the vcr tape to tape king of throne we live 30 miles from town so when it arrived got ready to record it didn't work the tape was broken so i threw it away
* It worked

4937	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	THIS'S A VERY GOOD PRODUCT I CLEAN MY CD PLAYER AND IT WORK VERY NICE, I HOPE TO BUY IT AGAIN THANK

9372	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love all p-touch tape.

1. I found that there is no way to be rid of numerous crapplications that come on the Nook and take up memory that could be better used elsewhere.  The Sylvania had fewer of them and there was a way to remove unwanted ones there.
I also liked the fact that you get the best of both worlds here -- you get the superb flexibility of wirelss, yet with the security of 'wired' Internet.  That's a big plus for me, especially in an age in which WEP is outdated and WPA is also becoming increasingly insecure.

5415	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for connecting devices that are very close to each other, i.e the modem & the router.
9739	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
640	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The mount plate and the extender arms need to be screwed together and there are two holes for each arm to attach to the corner of the plate. The holes don't align so I couldn't put two screws in. I just used one screw which is not the most secure attachment. Then I used zip ties to secure the arm better. I did this because I had to install the tv ASAP and could not wait for a replacement. Also, the mounting bracket that attaches to the wall has a larger screw hole on the bottom. This means that the bottom can wiggle and the bracket will be misaligned. Again, I did a quick fix. I gave this 2 stars and not 1 because it actually stayed up on the wall and is now holding my tv, albeit due to my own ingenuity and not the quality of the mount. I should not have to do quick fixes on a product like this.
I ADORE IT !
Not sure how long it will last, but so far it has been a few months and no issues.

9776	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just Perfect... I will be back!
383	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this unit a few years ago and now it looks radically different. It has kept my TV up on the wall very sell and has survived 3 soon to be 4 moves. If I had a need for another mount I would buy again from this company without a question.
1080p/30fps video with 7.1 audio
5494	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product at a super price!!!
I wanted the microphone for slightly different duty and need the cord to stretch a little more compliantly, more like a CB microphone cord. As it is I'm scared the chest-expander strength pull on the wire will damage the extension jack or pull it from the circuit board inside the radio.
8831	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	First time I plugged it in and installed the drivers it worked instantly. Captured about four hours worth of high quality video with no sync problems on a P3-450 with 128megs ram.
If it breaks ill let you guys know

3501	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great sd card
I was fortunate to find a Superadio II at a thrift store and enjoy that earlier model as well.
you need the get cable and handheld antenna, you do not.  If Amazon doesn't stop this misleading

2076	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The light is bright enough and a nice compact design. Thought I was really going to love it, and I probably would if the clip had not broken about the 3rd time I used it. I had it clipped to the Kindle cover (a leather cover which is very thin). The clip broke off just below the hinge so the clip is not useable. The clip is only plastic and the hinge puts a pot of pressure on it. Would have appreciated a metal clip or one with at least some wire embedded in it. I expected the clip to be much stronger as it IS intended to be clipped to a book cover. I have not returned it for a new one as it is just too much trouble doing the paperwork.
300	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A great book for getting the most of a Chromebook. Well written & thought out by the author. Would recommend to a friend.
Dial calibration is poor but you can  get used to it.



7610	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Small yet does the job
8903	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased a 25 foot and more recently a 50.  Yes, this is your basic "ethernet cable" for attaching a computer, Blu-ray player, etc to a modem or router.  I'd rather it didn't have the lighted ends but the product is functional.
9747	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The letters fades and do not stay permanently that got to be improved. What good is labeling if you only see a blank tape with disappearing words? It is not cheap either!
1977	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	nice to have for quick reference
3450	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	nice product at a fair price.........
7786	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I use these at computer and several other points. I have found them dependable and reliable. They can even withstand Grandchildren. I would and have recommended them to friend's and family many times.
4085	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good i am happy with this purchase i will reccomend it to my friends the experience was to my satisfactory

Recommendations:
While I have no wrist problems, I know that I don't type "correctly."  I have tried wrist pads before, and I utterly despise them.  I am not the type of person to buy something because it is "ergonomic."  Frankly, I bought this keyboard because it was "unusual" and because I still trust Microsoft's name on a product.  As it turns out, I got a comfortable keyboard that just so happens to significantly help my typing posture--not a bad deal.  You can buy a keyboard with a bunch of Internet and shortcut keys, but why waste money on those little extras?  Give this keyboard a try, especially those of you who just can't stand wrist pads, and I bet you (and your wrists) will come to really like this product.
Lots of fun and very layered. Give it a shot.
8949	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I opted for this one after reading reviews of some of the other cables made by other manufacturers. It is the cable ends that are usually of concern. The Belkin cables are fine. The ends are very well made and snap into their sockets nicely. I have used it to hardwire an internet streaming box to my router. It is functioning just fine.
- page back and page forward buttons on bezel on both sides of the screen.  Paperwhite does not have this.
4480	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item did the job. Ran thru twice and everything was back to ;normal.
> To move backward one track, click the "mode lever" to the left
4916	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have an older car, from the year 2000, and my CD player had always caused me problems, especially when it was either raining or very humid/cold.  I'd say that 90% of the time that I have problems with my CD player, it works to make it work again.  I haven't tried it anywhere else, because I do most of my music listening on my laptop, so mp3's and such.  I'd recommend it, because it works for me most of the time.  I'm sure for me the problem lies with my CD player being so old.  So, it's worth trying if you have problems with your CD player, no matter where.
3293	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Came super quick! Card works perfect and at consistent high speeds. Thanks a lot!

* Easy menu navigation
Here's my first experience. I use Windows 2000 on a PIII 550Mhz, with 256 RAM and 20 Gig EIDE harddrive. When Dazzle arrived, I followed the directions and installed the software and put the plug in the USB port and then discovered that this software only works with Windows 98. I visited the Dazzle web site and found out that you have to purchase a program called Movie Star is you want to use it with Windows 2000. I wound up ordering the software for [more $] plus shipping. Once, I received the new disk, I installed it, and once again, it did not detect the unit when I plugged it into the USB port. And again, I visited the Dazzle web site. I discovered that they have posted a patch for the Movie Star software that fixes "some minor problems." I downloaded and installed the patch and after rebooting the machine, I was able to get it to detect the unit.

 needed
*The Nook has a replaceable, rechargable battery. So it'll last awhile, but when its dwindling, you can spend 30 bucks and put a new one in yourself. For the Kindles, they are sealed inside. People have said you can do it yourself, but you must be tech savvy. Or you can send it away to Amazon for about the cost of [...]+shipping charges and they'll replace it for you.
3132	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When I wanted to use my iPod to record some reminders to myself I looked around for a compatible microphone expecting to pay $25 to $50 or more and having a twenty page instruction book to study, but then I found this little gem at a great price and no instruction book to study and it works like a charm for me, just plug it in and go. I wish all tech stuff could be this easy.
Other reviews warned to read the instructions closely and to follow them, which I did. I needed the phone jack in order to hook up a telephone line to the back of my DVR Dish Network receiver. This would save me $5 per month on my bill if they could access the DVR via a phone line.  I plugged it in per the instructions; I put the main unit in the bedroom wall where I already had a phone jack.  Then I placed the other part in the living room where the DVR resides.  Amazingly, the signal went thru several walls and furniture.  I called Dish Network on my cell phone so they could check the phone line on the DVR and it worked perfectly.
7106	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I did not have any USB ports on the front of my computer so this extension cable made it easy to transfer files to my usb drive and my media card reader.  The price was right and it the cable works everytime.
7010	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great USB cable, durable made very well.
2215	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My daughters use often this while reading in the car.  Very bright, light-weight, and compact.  Flexible neck is long enough and easy to adjust.
1225	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was a Christmas gift for my daughter, who is in the Army currently. She loves it to death and then some!
2858	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	not plug and play, Windows 10 doesnt recognize it, THERE ARE NO DRIVERS ONLINE NOR PLUG AND PLAY

4789	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My faithful AIWA CD player took to rejecting CDs (including ones that had always played before) without playing them, so I tried this.  I had to run it two or three times, but after that all my CDs will play!  Thanks, Maxell!  You saved me $$$ for a new CD player.

5939	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	my wife's car CD player wasn't working.  she bought this and plugged it in... the CD player now works good!


8664	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use these with the Motorola T9500XLR radios.....work great for snowboarding!

How it solved my problem: The power strip does not budge or fall off the counter even when I am using the plugged in iPad. I could only make it slip off if I pulled it hard in a horizontal direction. The cord is long enough to reach the nearest wall outlet in the den. The price ($40+) seemed high a first, but getting an electrician out here would have cost a lot more.
503	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this arm to mount my 39 inch Vizio. I'm surprised my TV has a 100x100 mount thingy. It can tilt left and right, up and down. I do wish it swiveled the TV so that it wasn't crooked. When the bolts get loose, my TV looks crooked.
9429	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this 1/2" tape on all types of surfaces, it sticks well and is easy to read.
simple plug in and sooo much easier to communicate both talking and listening,coiled cord stretches more than enough,great price.
8863	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works.
Much like the other low end tablet's, it runs on Android, which is not the best tablet experience.
7547	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I hope that u can ship this GPS item  to me in kuwait .....!!
331	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy and light holder.  Amazingly flexible.  Easy to install and hang  It comes with instruction sheets and every bolt needed.  I mounted it into a wood stud.  Highly recommended.  I bought a second one for an older LCD.  Be certain not to overload it.  The one drawback is that the TV plate might block some of the HDMI or other sockets.

So go ahead and try the Allsop, but don't hold your breath....
i recommend it
7219	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wish it would be a little more sticky and solid on my desk instead of sliding around but I guess that keeps things interesting.

4015	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I liked it
7350	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed to extend keyboard for older style desk. Six feet was clean, simple, and perfect fit. Cable flexible enough to move well without being so stiff it hangs up.
8457	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The item served its use; however not the quality I thought it was priced at.
3942	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	lost it
134	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect replacement that we needed
1040	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not really much to say about a products that does what it is expected to.  It's worth the investment for any smart phone owner who's phone supports 64gb additional memory.
7758	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This does exactly what I needed: it provides a surge strip with plenty of room for transformer wall warts.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/B003L14YQQ/dp/B003L14YQQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">B003L14YQQ</a>
4) The touch screen is a nice feature (future-proofed hardware), but big fingers can hit the wrong selection occasionally.  It is comparable with the iTouch touchscreen performance IMHO.  Navigation is maybe more hassle than the Kindle as a result.  This also makes the nook smaller (no physical keyboard to worry about) and easier to hold, even though it is marginally heavier than the Kindle.
The second issue is that this universal mount covered the power and HDMI ports on the back of the 26le5300. Again, I think this is more of an issue with the tv then the mount, as they're situated rather high and central. Either way, it's something you'll want to check on your tv before ordering this product.
===========================================
6933	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you need ten feet of USB cable this will do the job . . . . . . .

6994	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Be forewarned, this product is not 480Mbps as it states on the site.  It is a 12Mbps USB extension.  The technical details show it as 480Mbps which would indicate USB 2.0.  1-star for product review, but 5-stars as always to Amazon's customer service / return policy.

6590	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works just as I wanted
8624	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfect to bad the radios were horrible
5921	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
4025	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed more memory in order to add additional coverage for my Garmin Nuvi GPS. This one did the trick.
What I didn't like about Advent:  there's no recharging stand; the tuning knob is in a really bad place (where you'd put your hands when you're putting the headphones on).
9493	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This made labeling so much easier around the house!
8241	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	IOMEGA ZIP 100 Portable USB Drive

The LED light that indicates you are plugged in correctly is very helpful.
9191	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Rio500 is a great MP3 player - in this reviewer's opinion, the best on the market currently.  Its size (smaller than a pack of cigarettes) and weight (about an oz.) recommend it to shirt-pocket musicophiles and,  especially, athletes! (You can jog all day with nary a skip, and with the  included netting belt-clip, it will definitely NOT pull your jogging shorts  down, weighing about the same as a pager.)
3703	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Price
The device's theoretical maximum speed is listed at 200Mbps. In reality, this probably won't matter to you unless you're doing some serious media streaming and even then it's questionable. For the purpose of connecting a blu-ray player that can play Netflix on demand, it'll work splendidly.
7497	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use it with my IBM Thinkpad to download pictures from a Nikon Coolpix 5000 with a 512MB CF card. This adapter works great. Plugged it in and WinXP automatically recognized it as E drive. This adapter worked in Win2000 and Win98 as well. Great price and buying it new is actually cheaper than used!


1453	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with my nook tablet.  I wanted a nook ereader that would allow quick and easy access to email and facebook for communication when i don't want to log on to a computer.  I can look up info on the web in an instant.  And i can save paper and get my magazines through my nook.  If you want it to act like an ipad, then just get an ipad.  As for me, i don't need all that, so i prefer to save my money.  Very happy!

5716	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use velcro fasteners to keep wiring tidy and neat with a belkin labeled pull take to easy undo the fastener. It works.
154	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Lost the charger that came whith my nook.  Barns and Noble wanted about $30.00 for this charger. This one worls like a charm.
9146	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
6483	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Like the title suggests, why would any comsumer want to pay more for a product that does exactly the same thing?  Sure, there may exist purists that really believe a more expensive patch cable yields better signal delivery, but they'll have a hard time convincing me of an iota of difference.  Belkin is a reliable name that produces a reliable product at a highly competitive price.  I would buy, and will buy, these cables again and again.
This unit has all of these features, plus many more. I think you will be very pleased if you purchase this unit - I know I am!!
3785	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great item. Worked as advertised. Fast shipping.
5633	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cable ties works as they are promised to. Was able to organize the cables behind the TV, looks much better. Preferred to use these over the smaller ties, the larger velcro straps allow multiple larger cables to be bundled together.
9767	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
Update 8/31/2010: Still going strong. This radio is no longer available, but the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ICFS79W/dp/B00171MWSO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ICFS79W</a>&nbsp;seems to be an able replacement. What a workhorse this radio has been!
If you look around as I have and see headaches and problems relating to wireless and to parallel ports - which this TL-PS110U USB Print Server does not even have - you will realize that all manner of TP-Link products have been dumped together into the same bucket.
2527	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Dual usb outlet for a very cheap price. You can't ask for a better deal than that.
519	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is a good value, but is not top notch quality. If you extend both arms in the same direction, the TV (30 inch) tilts. However if the arm goes right, then left, the play in the hinges offset each other and it works great.
Every book, relic, historical figure, etc was something I was able to find more information about on the web. I found some of that information particularly resonant for my own faith research. For that I am grateful.

5082	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This radio is nice with digital display and nice membrain push buttons. the battery capacity is good.. lasts a long time.. the thing that is disapointing is that you can not recieve any weather stations even though other radios in the area do!! also the am reception is no better than the 20 year old radio I replaced..
At 66 and having grown up listening to World War II tales of Burma from my father, I found this book particularly captivating. My father talked about the elephants, the native Kachin, Chindit, Naga, and Burmese peoples, the Imperial Forces, native built bashas, and the jungle and its wildlife. At 90, Dad also found the book quite riveting.
3680	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well with my GoPro 3. Had an error at first when card was inserted, but camera formatted it and now works well.
It is rather frustrating, I would have preferred a Kindle simply because I was impressed with Amazon customer service when my Kindle malfunctioned.
4809	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked well with two stereo's I have, cleared up the problems with both of them.

5071	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had my Sony shower radio for 5 years and it has the best reception of any radio I have ever owned. It has been dropped nearly 20 times and still works great. I primarily use it under my pillow as a night time radio since it will shut off in  30 or 60 minutes automatically.  I use it in the shower as well but never put it directly in the spray of water.  Light splashes have never affected the performance.  It would have been great if it had an alarm and indiglo but it does not.  The sound quality is excellent for a portable radio and I would highly recommend this product.  The plastic buttons on the top tend to crack after 2 or 3 years but they still work.  This is such a great radio though, I actually bought a spare for when this one stops working.  I have also bought several for friends and they all love them.
7901	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price. Fast delivery.
7050	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered the USB extension cable so I could use a USB headset for PS3.  This works perfectly with no distortion or static.  Very good price (Radio Shack = $30.00!)
3409	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Now so far I've only tested it out on a computer as my tablet has still not arrived(shipped out a week ago). So I will update when I get to test it out on the tablet as well. It works great, a bit slow in transfer items from my computer, but that's to be expected on my old laptop, so no problems there either. 16 gb, only 14 can be used on mine, but that is still more than enough space for me, since I only plan on storing apps, and ebooks on it, along with a few movies(maybe). Will look to buy this again if I need more room, or if my mom needs one.
7157	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Product works well and as advertised.  I am using this with my DirectTV receiver and so far it is doing the job.
784	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	constantly needed more space until I bought this. great size and quality no issues yet.
3088	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I had this thing for about 3 weeks before the microphone fell off of the keyring attachment, and would only loosely fit back in there. I kept this with my keys, and it was very durable, and held together very well up until that point.

4456	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This product arrived from High N Low Trading with a cracked cleaning fluid container, and all the fluid long gone and dried up.  It was functionally worthless, and not worth the cost to ship it back for a refund.  I might consider buying one again, but not from High N Low Trading.

1569	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had it for about a month now, and I have already devoured 2 books on it. This is perfect for reading at the pool (the main reason I wanted it). It is also great for reading at night. I have had not issues with it at all. I use the SD card to manage all of my books which is handy. I bought a nice leather case from B&N (definitely much higher quality that some of the others I have seen.) If you need something to use on the go and in the sun (very important because there is no glass screen to give glare from hell) this is the choice for you. Another main reason that I bought this one is that I really don't care about FB or YouTube... I have a Galaxy S 3 for that ;)
1312	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	If you do not care about bookmarks, notes and highlights, the Nook is a great e-reader.
 On  the down side - the unit lets you enter titles for individual tracks and  even the whole disc, but the interface for doing this is ackward.
7335	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Performed as described.
3541	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great  for Arduino and Raspberry Pi 2.  Load and experiment with different ops and projects at the switch of a Micro SD card!
2. The keypad above the arrows (home, end, delete, page up,  page down, and insert) is arranged different that I have ever seen it done  before.  Usually this is a keypad that is 3 keys wide by 2 tall, Microsoft  has changed the layout to 3 tall by 2 wide.  This doesn't seem to perform  any differently than the old way, it is just different (not good or bad,  just different).  This will take a little getting used to, but it works  well once you have adapted.
8959	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	priced right and worked flawlessly, i recommend this item for home networking and will use again in the future.
2041	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've tried many lights over the years for my laptop and most were very disappointing.  The most recent one I had had 5 LED's in it and I thought it was pretty good, but it shorted out finally in the gooseneck.
3262	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	i like it, but a little expensive compared to others i saw online after purchasing.  Other than that, it's good.

3917	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	bien

JMT
4711	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've used the maxell CD-340 cleaner in my car and home players (two of them -- one a recorder where I've cleaned its mirror too) for 10 years and they've never failed. These things don't do much; you stick it in, listen to some jingoism and a pleasing voice on the first track, then advance to the cleaning track and wait for 20 seconds while a continuous beep ensures you turn the volume way down. Afterward, your lens is clean. That's all there is to it.
Summary
765	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work at all. Seems like they may be tryinig to offload non working electronics on people and hope most don't bother to request a refund. Took an inordinately long amount of time to receive the product as well.
1224	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I have gone thru a lot of reviews of this eBook before ordering it, mainly due to its long battery life.
5711	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable is absolutely amazing. I have a 55" Samsung F6500 LED 2014 series HDTV that is right next to my Linksys router and Motorola modem. I needed a short Ethernet cable to be able to connect my HDTV to use PlayStation Now, and so far it's working as I expected.
The Nook has a Micro-SD card slot which accepts up to 16GB Micro-SD cards, this allows you to upgrade your memory indefinitely. Another advantage would be to organize your books. And books on the card are never going to get lost if your reader dies -- without having to re-download from the cloud.  Plus with the new B&N desktop reader you can move your books from the Nook to a laptop/netbook on the fly, and what if the worst should happen and your eReader dies?  You still have those books on the card.
Can't wait for the next book.
-Getting ePub books from the public library has been surprisingly easy, although you have to connect the Nook to a computer in order to transfer the ePub files.
I wouldn't really recommend this book - her knitting romance trilogy was much better. This just fell flat for me.
2294	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for the price
891	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	All of the slimport adapters I have used with my LG g3 have connection problems, this one is no exception. The seller replaced for free and the replacement is also not working correctly. Like others, the picture and sound cuts out frequently. Steer clear of slimport adaptors, try using DLNA or other ways to stream.
Glad I bought it.
6904	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I've had the displeasure of owning two RCA brand DVD players and neither one made it more than a year before breaking.  I had this DVD player and a Proscan DVD/DIVX (which the salesman at [...] SWORE was the best that money could buy).  The RCA DVD just quit working entirely after 11 months (microprocesor).  My [$] Proscan DVD player now displays a "NO DISC" message seemingly at random, and for no particular reason.  Sometimes you can put a disc in and it will play the first time, others you have to try it a few times, and on the worst days you may have to try 15-20 times and it still may not work.
1510	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a present.  She loves it.
9574	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works good
Now with that said, When I visited my local Barnes and Nobles and received a free smoothie, It was so stress free and everyone was so nice.. I could not believe it!
COLOR: Terrible.  No matter how you set the controls, use auto or manual, or mess with the settings, the green/red/blue color rendition is always awful.  Color shades are all wrong - either too vivid, too washed out, too green, to intense, etc.
7044	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With this usb extension cable, I don't have to climb all over the furniture to get at the usb port behind the tv. I know, I'm lazy but then again, "fill a need-make money".
4899	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Horrible product!  I inserted the Maxell VP-200 Wet VHS Head Cleaner, pressed "play", and my VCR made a terrible noise, spit out the cassette, & shut itself off to prevent further harm.  Foolishly I tried this 2 more times--I could not initially believe the Head Cleaner was so bad.  I am lucky it did not damage my VCR.
159	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a must have for the nook.  You can project anything on your display to the tv such as netflix, applications such as games.
2824	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	MUCH BETTER THAN THE 1440p QNIX AND DESTROYS ALL 1080p.
2587	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I got what a paid for, after a few months the charger started turning off and on a failing to maintain continuous power.

993	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is great, gives me all sorts of room for apps and music and stuff on my cell phone.  The seller is very responsive and I recommend SanDisk products.
6739	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice cotton wipes but mine pull apart too easily even though they have a good thickness to them.
I did have to do it twice.  The second time, I let it dry for  much longer than the instructions say.  It was nearly dry by the time I  wiped the paste off.  When I do this, the results are much better.
3471	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Described as a better cable than the one that came with the Tablet. Not so! Mini USB doesn't fit and cord is very short. Sending it back ASAP.
5124	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	ok
2781	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I just got the Moleskine iPad Cover and it is very nice.  The construction is high quality and the leather is beautiful.
4240	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	item as described fast shipping
2231	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With Amazon Prime, these things are only $4! They arrived so quickly, just in time for me to hookup my computer and other entertainment systems into my new TV. They're fantastic!
6745	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	as advertised
5067	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No need in me going thru all of the features... you can see them in the product description.
Does everything it says it will.
I compared both for sound quality and distance at which they pick up sound. Turns out the only difference is the rapcap is white plastic spray painted pretty while the mini mic is either white or black plastic. Also the Rapcap is about .5mm smaller in diameter but same size in length. The caps construction is identical. Both work identical. Everything is the same. The only thing to test is durability but I'm confident it will be the same.
These headphones feel cheap--like they're going to break, and its no surprise that they did.  The battery compartment is in the awkward 6 foot cable (which I don't like, usually makes a large thud when it hits you as you walk) And what good is a 6 foot cable?  Its just long enough to trip on, and too long to put in a pocket, and way too short for home stereo use.  Just an example of the build quality: if you open the battery compartment, there's nothing shielding the circuit board for the battery, no plastic covering it.  You literally put the batteries against the board.  It's cutting corners and it'll break in the long run.
7478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Expensive but beautifully made -- I really like the long cord so the outlets unit can be placed virtually anywhere in my apartment.
I would recommend this cassette audio adapter if you want to save a few dollars, unless you're an audiophile.
Need more?  Well, I like that the plastic molding at the connectors doesn't slide down the cable.
6063	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product, ordered more, amazon limits the number you can buy for some reason (add on item)
8672	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have only had it about a week, but I needed it to use with my Motorola Walkie Talkie.  I walk about 2 miles a day even in the the cold weather we had this season.  My radio kept dieing out when I tried to use it to talk to my husband on my walk from home to a high school on the other side of I96 here in Redford, MI.  The cold was a major factor and I tried insulating the radio but it still was dieing out a few days after recharging my batteries.  I could have recharged the batteries every couple of days that would have helped, but I try to let them run down before charging.  Plus pushing the button is cumbersome with a hand that has to have both a glove and a mitten on to keep reasonably warm.  I did buy another small set that had an earphone, but the sound was not loud enough, I may have dome some damage to that set that caused that problem, don't know, but needed to try something a little more workable so we bought this, and I clip it on the pocket just below my collar and put the radio inside my coat which is in the middle of the coat above my waist.  So I was able to find a good position for everything and so far this has been my best solution. I will probably even use it in the summer because of the ease of use.  My husbands voice comes in loud and clear and it is minimum inconvenience to push the button even with a double protected hand.  The button is longer than the one with the earphone, it works great.
155	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Somehow this cord feels better built than the one that originally came with my nook. It is about the same length but if you pair it with a stand of some sort you can charge and watch a movie or read a book at the same time.
28	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This remote is the perfect solution for controlling my TWC cable box with DVR and my Visio TV, Sony Blu-ray player and Denon AVR. It was easy (15 - 20 minutes) to program the remote to control all this equipment. Still need to use my Visio remote to access Netflix and Amazon Video, but otherwise the TWC remote works great!
Music.  The music player is absolute garbage and there is currently no third-party alternative.  The first week the music player would skip a lot and even crash the Tablet when playing MP3s from the SD card.  Recovery was horrible because the Tablet wouldn't shut down and then wouldn't power up without being connected to the power cord.  Fortunately, a firmware update solved the instability problem.  Despite four ways of sorting music, finding and playing music in the order you want is terrible (see comments on audiobooks).  You can pause and resume a song but you cannot stop.  There is no stop button.  The speaker on the Tablet is lousy.  My two-year old Blackberry phone has a better speaker and it's 1/3rd the size of the Tablet.  The speaker is very loud though so will fill a hotel room with mediocre sound.  Surprisingly, the speaker sounds no worse even though covered up when the Tablet is in a carrying case.  Verdict: FAIL
4290	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Does not charge...it charge. It also makes my battery very hot an. If it does charge it charges very slow....
3218	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	just what I
4606	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The tapes were everything I wanted, they record great,the music on these tapes, come out great.
Postscript:  In all fairness to those who comment on the build quality, I will say that my radio stays in one place tuned to one channel and maybe tuned to a second channel on occasion.  I hardly adjust the controls at all.  So, maybe those who are complaining about the construction quality have a point.  I'm just not using this radio in a way that involves moving it or manipulating the controls much.  It has a very easy life.
8275	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
Update: I noticed that I cannot boot from this device. Also, I have been burning DVD's and CD's and it works great. I have had no problems with this product. I have been watching Netflix DVD's with Windows Media Center and the picture is better than Windows Media Player, especially the audio. The audio from Windows Media Center stomps on the audio from Windows Media Player and the picture is significantly improved.
9) I close the document and try to open another one, it won't open

4343	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	i bought like 3 I believe, and none of them work, i didn't plan on writing a review, but i bought another two from amazon, also didn't work. Then my original wire gave out, and now I have nothing that charges my s3, instead I have to go buy it for 10 dollars.. which is the same amount i spent buying 5 total.. GOD DAMN IT

8907	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good deal for this cable and came with fast shipping.
9643	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good purchase
4. My wife's Galaxy Tab has a way to override the limitation on whose apps you can download.  As far as I can see, there is no way to do this on the Nook HD+.
7022	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. I've been able to extend my gaming laptop to a custom setup over my zero gravity chair. Now I can get up and move to my desk without interuption.
Kindle vs. Nook- I haven't owned a kindle, only used it for a few minutes, but my personal opinion as I decided which to purchase was this: price was important (and I got a great black friday deal on the nook), and since they were about the same price I wanted to support the more open epub format, since you can load books from other sources. Yes, its possible to convert epub to kindle format but its an extra step that many people won't be interested in. I would have purchased the kindle with special offers, and hadn't thought much about it, but I've enjoyed the pictures of authors that show up on my nook screen, and would probably get annoyed by the commercials/make a point to put my nook in a case so I didn't have to see them.
I make dub step music mixes and they get played through large powered speakers in a pretty large building. I use these headphones to get an idea of how it will sound in this venue with regards to volume and bass. These do the job for me!!
1633	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This book kept me listening, rather than trying to decide whether to turn it off and give up, as is the case with so many Kindle Unlimited books, especially those with narration.  Interesting idea.  There were a few places that the author tried to bring in scientific facts, an  each time he did so, he missed the boat.  E.g.. While it's true that early in the 20th century there were studies that appeared to show a weight loss at the time of death of 21 grams, far more recent studies have shown no such loss.  One of the characters in the book, wonders why no one since that 1st  study has repeated it, as I already noted that they have.  Each time he does this I wonder why he didn't check his facts.  Books that weave strongly researched facts in with an original idea strengthen their characters and plot.  It diminishes the book.  The greatest books are those which weave in facts and fiction in such a way th a t they are nearly inseparable.  I am both a Christian and a scientist and though I really enjoyed the book, but more research and inclusion of it would have made for a better read.  I do think that this book presents clinched topics in a novel way, and that is a laudable achievement.  While the book dealt with evil, it wasn't a horribly dark book, which would have made me give up.  Suspense is fun, horror is depressing.  There are terrible things that happen in this book, but the author doesn't attempt to horrify you.
5297	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	There is a slight reduction in regular, low-frequency noise as in air travel, but these are not nearly as effective as Bose or Audio-Technica.
5533	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have no problems cleaning my CD's and DVD's since I purchased this product. The seller packaged it well and I have had no trouble with the cleaner.
6736	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	High quality faucet, and a great finish. Easy installation that did not require an excessive amount of time. Very satisfied.
7694	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a sturdy and attractive surge protector. It's obviously well made, the colors look nice (I've gotten quite a few complements, which is funny, for a surge protector). It's kind of overpriced to be honest, but I liked my first one so much I bought a second one for the office a couple years later.
9532	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good.
3848	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	i Use the cable to watch on my hdtv screen or a for a field monitor. Nothing fancy but does the job. No problems here.
It's easy to set up, just click in a couple of leads, plug it in the wall and voila!, instant dial tone, good to go and Bob's your uncle.
I also like the collapsible, over the ear design. They are comfortable & I haven't had any problems with them getting hot after wearing them over an extended time.
This wire is plugged into a hub which is also connected with same usb wire.
order.
6- Little bit heavy, certainly heavier than a medium size hard cover book.
6946	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is exactly what I wanted, the delivery was perfectly on time and it was very easy to install it. I will definitely recommend this product. Thank you

second area where Nook is better is the screen clarity, the contrast between the background and the font is much better than my experience of Kindle DX.
31	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked. cheap.




Under Windows, I navigate through a couple of folders to where the pictures are stored and copy them to a folder on my hard drive. On the Mac, iPhoto automatically opens up (because I have told iPhoto to startup automatically when a camera is connected) and it gets ready to transfer the pictures. I can then tell it to copy the pictures to my Photo library, and delete the originals. It does just that. Then on the Mac and PC, I tell the operating system to eject the drive/device, then I can pop the adapter out of the computer. Of course you can pop it out whenever you want, but you will definitely risk something bad, better to eject it the proper way. I can transfer a full 128 MB flash card to my computer is a minute or so. Fast enough that I haven't timed it.
Well, this thing WORKS and it fixed my problem to a tee.  I am going to use it on other devices like my MacBookPro and in my car.  The cleaner has a cool set of audio tests that allow you to ensure your audio system is set up and balanced correctly.  Although I did not really need this, I could see how this functionality alone would make the Allsop Drive Cleaner worth the money.  The audio tests were very thorough.

264	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was a bit surprised that someone went to the trouble to put a book together for the MacBook.  Macs are designed to provide an intuitive user interface.
=========================
6949	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Super strong magnet!
1861	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I very much like this book.  It's very well-written, and just a notch of difficulty about the "Head First Programming" book.
906	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great item and great customer service with great delivery service. thank you
4472	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	While this headset is a bit cheap it does play audio very well from most electronics I've tried. Great for computers, phones and other players as well. I bought several to keep on hand.
354	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked great

983	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It continues to amaze me how we have progressed.  I still recall our first IBM PC with a gigantic 10 MB full height hard drive!  Now, here is this little micro card capable of 64 GB.  I purchased this MicroSDXC to use with a new Microsoft Surface 2 Tablet, the 32 GB version.  Since the OS and installed software and apps reduced the storage capability to roughly 20-something GB, perhaps a little less, this little card was an ideal choice.  I have several other SanDisk cards and have never had a problem.  This one is used for all Office files, email, photos and videos from my camera.  I would buy it again and will, no doubt, get another as well as recommending this 64GB Ultra MicroSDXC Class 10 Memory Card.
The cable works fine for copying music and image files back and forth from my PC but it is sorely deficient as a charger cable. Ergo the downgrade in my rating from 4 to 2 stars.
Now that installation is complete, I'm sure this mount would handle either TV just fine.  Is it the same quality as the Sanus? No, but it has enough quality to perform its advertised claims.  I saw some reviews on here complaining about mount sag after install.  Now this is based on the 23 lb TV, but I'm not experiencing this problem.  The mount has 4 pivot points and after installation, ALL need to be tightened to the point that movement is allowed with intentional moderate force.  Out of the box, this mount would have sagged like others complained, but I'm guessing its left slightly loose to help ease the installation process.
even though I'm basically happy with the SPIII.
723	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I wasn't willing to pay $100 for simply mounting a TV, so I bought this item to give it a shot. I have no real complaints.  It holds the TV up, which is all I wanted.  It does not have smooth pivot points, so if you're planning on moving it around a lot, don't use this one, but if it's going to stay in a static area, this is your mount.
5618	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised
9697	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	c
8619	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great product it works great I bought 5 of them. They could be more rugged though I am an expert skier and I gave my friend one of them to use on the slopes and he dropped it in a puddle that submerged it for like 3 to 5 seconds and it somewhat damaged the speaker. So they are water resistant not waterproof. Snow is fine but would not take it in the rain.
3462	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as intended.
The earcups swivel so you can DJ?  I'd rather DJ in earbuds honestly; better isolation and sound.  They also fold up, but the exposed wiring looks like it will break if you fold it up repeatedly.

7212	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Absolute dependability, no matter the device they connect.
9736	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Tape works as advertised.  Cartridge fits perfectly into my label maker.  The label backing is easily removed after exiting the label maker.  The labels adhere well.  Very happy with this tape.
621	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	JUST IN STALL ANOTHER SAMSUNG 55" LED FLAT SCREEN. OUTSIDE A  PATIO DECK AREA WHAT A DIFFERENCE THIS UNIT MADE.THE MOUNTING KIT WAS VERY EASY TO USE. AGAIN I DID UPGRADED TO  USING LONGER HEAVIER MOUNTING BOLTS. THAT WAS ONLY $1.00 MORE BUT IT'S WORTH IT IN THE LONG RUN. HERE IN EARTHQUAKE COUNTRY YOU NEES THAT SUPPORT. YOUR FLATSCREEN TV RETRACTS A FEW INCHES OFF THE WALL PLUS IT WILL LOOK SWEET FROM 2" TO 24" FROM WALL AREA
9761	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Deal
I don't know what else to really say about this, or any of the MANY Belkin cables I have bought from Amazon, except that they work very well for my requirements. This specific one is being used in my home theater system to connect a component to a switch box. It did not need to be pulled through any walls or stressed in any other way, but it's been fine for my use of it. Some people think they are not the best of quality but I have not ever had any go "bad" or break or not fit correctly. You *can* get cables even cheaper than these from Belkin, but I don't trust them... the Belkin cables here on Amazon are still FAR cheaper than what I have seen in stores, and I refuse to let instant gratification make me spend too much for something like this!

SO... I bought this cleaning CD and voila!!! My dvd drive works perfectly once again!!! I saved about $118!!!! Pretty good!!
5180	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I installed this product and tried several A/C outlets,but the phone always produced backgound hiss and static.
3506	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great in my Galaxy S4 phone. Now I can record far more video and photos.

Its long enough to be used as a printer cable (which is important) and it works.  What more can you ask for from a usb cable?
7806	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good price, came when expected, works as designed.
950	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought one of these for my Samsung S5.  It's been great.  After buying this card, I read a review that was negative on using SanDisk cards for an S5, but I suspect the cards he used were just too slow.  This one is plenty fast.
3843	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I can find nothing wrong with this cable.  It works perfectly and has a great price.  I do not understand why the HDMI cables are so expensive at the brick and mortar stores.
5463	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for cleaning CDs of all types!

3531	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good high speed photos and videos with this type card as well as low cost.
3525	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in a few days. Works fine.
Contrary to what you may have read in other reviews, if the unit is set up correctly, the sound is NOT thin. The bass is substantial and even with the volume set to maximum, there is no distortion. I set up the speaker (loud!) and strolled my entire yard perimeter, as well as the far side of my neighbor's yard, and could hear everything perfectly. I used the cordless phone right next to the unit--no problem. The distance from my stereo to the backyard is the entire depth of the house--about 60 feet--with signal passing through several plaster and brick walls. I found that it's important to place the transmitter up as high as you can. That solved the few little sound problems I had at setup. What can I say? It sounds great and I love it.
6978	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product arrived on time and in good shape. This cord allowed me to easily connect an external DVD drive with a permanent-attached USB cord to my computer at the distance I needed.

7086	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good price, fast delivery.
5813	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cleans the cd player thoroughly.
418	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is a great stand for the price and works great. The problem for me it don't fit my 25" Samsung TV with  a 3 inch square mounting holes.  The hole pattern on the stand doesn't accommodate that small  of a pattern.  You will need to do some re-drilling of the stand bracket or get a plate that can be bolted on to the existing mounting to accommodate the smaller hole pattern. Other than that it is a great

4949	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cleaner works very well and is so easy to use. I will order more when this one runs out!

5949	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very well made, stays in the port well and the clips don't break easily like every other cabel i've had. Thanks!
5312	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Being a former ham radio operator in the 60's, I appreciate the features GE put back in their "SUPERRADIO" that used to be standard.  The best is the tuned RF stage that pulls in distance stations with ease.  Second is the dual power feature: a line cord comes built in, and in battery mode, it takes 6 "D" cells so they last a very long time.  Third, Two loudspeakers give amazing sound
6880	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Super cheap and will never have to worry about my USB cables being too short again. Thanks Belkin! :) :)
At 66 and having grown up listening to World War II tales of Burma from my father, I found this book particularly captivating. My father talked about the elephants, the native Kachin, Chindit, Naga, and Burmese peoples, the Imperial Forces, native built bashas, and the jungle and its wildlife. At 90, Dad also found the book quite riveting.
Also discovered another negative... When browsing the web the nook works fine on all sites EXCEPT AMAZON, now fancy that.  It will stay on amazon about 30 seconds then pop back to where ever I was before web browsing.  I've tried it over and over does it every time.

2085	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My hubby uses this little dynamo light to color by and he loves it. Amazing light output and so adjustable!!!
3418	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This card is decent. It has 64GB of storage and is fairly cheap.
cable eyesore.
6261	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great! :)
9250	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As described by seller. Clear tape that when used in the P-Touch printer has black letters on the clear background. Works best on white or light colored surfaces.
THIS IS PERFECT. IT JUST CLEANS WITHOUT MY HAVING TO GO ANYWHERE WHICH MY DVD WON'T DO ANYWAY.
1431	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've bought a few Nooks over the years and have always loaded CyanogenMod (plain Android) off an SD card (and a few times on the actual device).
6855	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have needed USB extentions but they are hard to find and too expensive when I do find them. They cost as much as a DVD player, lol. This is a good product at a fair price get 4 you can use them in a 100 places.
i recommend it
Having said all this, I absolutely agree with other reviewers who praise  the ZIP-100 format.  It's got the broadest-based installation of any ZIP  format, so chances are you'll be able to port your data more successfully  with a ZIP-100 than any other format.  True, 100mb is starting to look like  small, but it's still an awful lot of room for almost everything but  full-motion, full-sound video.
5695	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you have cords that you want to identify or cords that you need to pack away then these are excellent.  I use them on my laptop power cords, headphone cords, etc.
9588	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love my P-Touch.
5834	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I should have heeded the review that stated this is for CD's only. The advertising is untrue. I tried it in my DVD player and after 1 minute it began making a scratching sound. Do not buy this for a DVD player.
6248	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These do exactly what you need them to do! What more can you ask for from patch cables? Great quality from Belkin.
9035	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	thank you it works very good
Which brings me back to "Four Years From Home".  A work of literary art which I believe will inspire passion within each reader.  You will love it - or you will hate it.  Or perhaps like me you will love it and hate it (which I can't say why without giving away a spoiler).  Within the pages of "Four Years From Home" Mr. Enright has weaved an intricate model of human hopes, dreams, fears, strengths and weaknesses.  The brilliance of the human mind, and the frailty of the human mind.
1021	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased to extend the memory on my new tablet computer. Popped it in any it works as expected. Good name brand.
2397	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got five of these, and use one plus gave the others as gifts. They have been in use for several months, and work as expected.
1316	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	UPDATE 6/3/10:  B&N is offering a $50 gift card with every purchase from June 2 =>.  They will honor purchases up to two weeks prior to the launch of the promotion.  I bought mine 5/22 and my gift card arrives in 10 business days!  Now that's what I call a customer-focused company with excellent customer service.  Another and very important reason why nook beats Kindle.
5790	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was experiencing problems saving files to CDs on my computer so I ordered one of these. It took about 15 seconds to run and the laser began doing its job again. I rerun it occasionally to keep things clean. It works perfectly. Highly recommend. Excellent product.
-Over all...I wish they could remove this from the market and since it is totally waste of time and money!
A great bargain, and a great cable!
I never had to contact tech support due to any of their items that I have purchased.  Their web site support is superb.
6213	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are wonderful for recording anything you like if you still have a VCR!  I will use them and order more!
8642	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	this thing is terrible...the snap refuses to work and when I went to return, I couldn't because of their policy...stay away from this item. AND WORST RETURN POLICY EVER

7147	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cord does what it says, don't waste your money on "top-of-the-line" cords they sell at best buy or other palces. They all do the same thing!

4688	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly, as described!
7891	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This worked fine for an ethernet connection that was at least 6 years old.
1713	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I initially chose this book because it was free.  I am glad I selected it, and thoroughly enjoyed it.  This one was hard to put down, I liked the plot and the characters.  It was interesting from the beginning.  I really like reading Detective Mysteries, and I will look for more from this author.
568	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My students and I used to huddle around laptops to discuss projects. Now I have a 47" TV for display and this mount makes it possible to put it on any wall and swivel it in any direction depending on how many people need to see the screen. Really stable, no wiggling
i recommend it
I have tried three different video cards (GTX 670, GTX 780, GTX 970), and all have the same issue with it.  I have upgraded BIOS on my motherboard, upgraded BIOS on all three video cards, made sure Nvidia drivers were current, but nothing changes this situation.  Furthermore, it is getting worse; at first, I only had to unplug/replug video cable once, but after awhile it took two repluggings, more recently even three or four were required.
273	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I teach Mac OS and have been looking for a "recommended reading" book for my intermediate Mountain Lion class. This is it.
First thing I noticed, the smell. I have an M-Edge cover I've used since January, and it took about a month before the chemical smell went away from that fella. This, however, has a nicer smell to it. Moreover, the smell doesn't permeate your hands like with the M-Edge. The interior is cream-colored, like a chamois. The Kindle is held in by four elastic bands that were a bit of a struggle to get on.
2468	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Again Price theses anywhere else and you'll pay 4 times what they are at Amazon. And the work great..
9883	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Found my, like, 13 year old label maker lying around one day.  Cleared out the batteries, put new ones in, was stoked that it even powered up.  Pressed "print", realized that there was no more tape.  Ordered this, now it's back to life.  I should go label the cat.

8342	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've used this product for many years and no other computer pointing device compares. Let's hope that Logitech brings back this product.
6997	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not the highest fidelity you will ever hear in a headphone, but if you aren't in a recording studio, and are just listening to music while sitting at home or cleaning, or watching the TV and want headphones so as not to disturb the neighbors, these are perfect. They have more than enough range - I can even go well outside, and still hear the music just fine. They are not quite five stars, though, due to not being fully 'fi', so to speak, and for the annoying need to use another plug cord to recharge the batteries.
This is a great value for a small space and it looks just like the picture.  I recommend the product.
7710	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works just like it should. no more, no less.
8590	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use these beneath sinks and in closets to prevent must
5818	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This may be great for a TV DVD player or stereo CD, but it doesn't work in my iMac computer. (2009 27" Intel Dual Core) It loads into the optical drive and then just sits there. The computer doesn't recognize it as a CD or DVD, doesn't open iTunes or DVD player, doesn't spin, doesn't play, doesn't do anything. Amazon was great with the refund, so no big deal, but I don't think it's made as a computer Optical/CD drive cleaner. At least not for mine.
6779	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought 2 of these hooks to hand my broom and dustpan on and they are perfect.  They are very strong and could hold alot more weight than what I used them for!
34	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	awesome product

5542	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like expected.
* FAST setup, had it up and running in about 5 minutes flat.
6038	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	After reading the reviews on here I was hesitant to use the product I had just purchased. But I figured what could I lose - it was already skipping and if this didn't work, I'd just buy a new copy.
4373	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My old USB connector kept getting loose, and I figured it was something loose inside the phone, but after having it repaired it was still happening.  So I bought 4 of these hoping I could leave one plugged in at home, one at work, one in the car, and one for travel.  I'm so glad I did because the connection is firm and stiff, more so than the original cord I received with my purchase. Very satisfied.
FOR MUSIC ALBUMS
5527	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Wow --- much better quality than I was expecting from a cheap cable from Amazon. Nice rubbery feel and nice ends that don't take up too much space or block other ports.
5446	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is the worst headset I have ever owned. I bought so many of them over the years I don't remember anymore how many went bad. At least 10. The reason I keep buying them is because all other manufacturer headsets don't work well with a Uniden cordless phone. Uniden requires a specific impedance, otherwise voice quality is not good.
All of the other Android apps from Google Play that I tried have worked fine.  Pandora, Stitcher Internet Radio, Maps, Amazon MP3, Amazon Kindle (wow! a bit of a surprise!), Gmail, YouTube, etc. all work as expected.  The new openness of the NOOK HD+ is a game changer for the NOOK line, and pushes it way up in the rankings in my opinion.
> To turn on, press the big "ON/OFF/PLAY/PAUSE" button in front.
4607	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work great
6567	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked fantastic for cleaning eyeglasses!
2545	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	5 v adapter usb , working as advertised good product. three amp output should handle most needs and remain cool during use
8045	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ANd its rain resistant (got stuck in the rain at practice a few times), padded for drop protection and fits a boatload of stuff.  Got my gamboy on one side and my digicam on the other.  AA Batteries in the secret compartment, and money and stuff on the outside.
149	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	On TIME! GREAT PRODUCTS
I haven't had them in the rain yet....but will update if there are issues.
4191	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product for the price and shipping was really fast. Works perfect in my new smart phone.

audio equipment.
5943	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Have done two CDs with scratches and so far this product does what it claims. Saves cost of new CD. Will see if results last.
5530	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	does the job.
8635	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	worked great
Also, this is set up graphically.  Rather than a list of book titles, as on the Kindle, the covers show up (like on the Kindle app), and it's easier to choose the book you want just by a glance and a touch.  There's also a convenient "back" key that shows up on the top middle of the screen when pressing a footnote so you can easily return to the text page.
In terms of exchanging data  between computers in the same house, it is suprisingly simple to run an  ethernet network instead- and there are other advantage besides transfering  files- such as printer sharing and web sharing.
6158	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It does not work with InterAct V3. If you need to connect any 2 axis 4 button gameport controllers this will not work for you.
1533	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My wife have the older version of this Nick that was not backlit. She she told me she wanted this one and totally loves it. Now she's about to break me buying books all the time but it is well worth it. It's all so much cheaper than buying it in the stores anywhere. Great product.

7548	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what we needed. The long cord is perfect. Seems to be very well built.

8621	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use in one of my shelf cabinets because I noticed that my clothes were starting to smell almost "musty" from the cheap particle board that the cabinet is made of. Before placing this charcoal odor absorber in the cabinet, I washed all of the clothes in the cabinet so get rid of the strange smell. So far, my clothes smell fresh and I haven't noticed any of the previous smell after placing the absorber in the cabinet.
2736	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality.
First get them working in the same outlet and then test in different outlets.  Once you unplug it and re-plug it, it takes about 5-10 seconds to get its marbles back and start working automatically.
8726	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product
The e-book is only $2.99 - take a chance.  :)
9756	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are very good and reliable; the price paid for these was the best around, although still more than I believe they should go for. Nonetheless, the vendor was very prompt with shipment.
4302	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As lon as you don't sit on it while charging it's OK but the rest it charges fine
1781	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love Ava Miles!!!!!!!
Issue #7: OTA update breaks all the niceness I've achieved
* PDF compatible
914	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Does not work on my GoPro 3+ at high speed!
It's true that at a high enough volume those close to me can hear the sounds coming from the headphones. Since I practice in my room, that's not an issue for me. If someone were in the adjacent room, they wouldn't hear what I was playing, no matter the volume. If these headphones fail in a few months, I'll update this review.

Again, 1/8th" x 1/8th". if you look on the internet it even tells you how to make these. Because the lens moves you need the felt to be the entire distance of the CD plus on both side for balance. However this is a tiny dot. You would have to leave it in the player for a week in order for it to clean the lens correctly. Shame On You Maxell... Shame Shame!

1881	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm usually too cheap to buy accessories like this, but very happy i got this cover. protects my nook, looks great, the on/off button works perfectly, as does the magnetic strap that keeps it open/closed. couldn't ask for more. perfect!!

It may not be for me, but I am sure others would enjoy it, however it is overpriced and oversized for me to carry around on a day to day basis.
1167	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!
2640	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This thing is amazing. I can plug up my iPhone and GPS to charge at the same time, and whenever I go on a long trip I don't leave the house without it. Even my Dad borrows it from me when he goes on trips as well. This thing seems to even work better than my iPhone car charger. Solid durable product, though to quote my Dad, the bright blue light might prove a little painful when driving at night for long periods. I don't have that problem.
8994	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good quality tape, exactly what the doctor ordered for an older camcorder i was gifted with.  overall quality, dependable recordings.
3168	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Setup was easy, haven't used it much but it is as described.

8776	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good for hunting
So all and all, I just don't think you can beat this value!  I am very satisfied.
4531	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It worked.  The VCR at my job works again.  Now my cheap @ss employer can avoid buying a DVD player for another year.
5190	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I thought I ordered both receiver and transmitter, had to re-order by phone. They told me they would send me a R.A. by email and I never got it now I'm stuck with two orders.
122	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted for a great price.
1378	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best Pirce
No matter what I try (VCD,SVCD,different cd-r disks,...) this model WILL NOT play them.
1145	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love the Simple Touch Reader by Nook.  I love the battery life, the simplicity and the size of the device.  I can go for weeks without charging it, I can download books within seconds.  The best part is the size and weight of the device.  I can hold it for hours and read without getting hand cramps.  I also love the e-ink display so much more than a back lit screen.  I have an iPad mini, an ipad 4 and several other devices but none of them can hold a candle to the Nook Simple Touch Reader.  It irritates me that Barnes and Noble doesn't actively sell them because in my opinion it's the best e-reader available.
Lasted me 8 years!
4761	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I was very disappointed! The head cleaner tape was long enough for it to run for about 5 seconds. I could tell no difference after running it 5 or 6 times.
The Ultimate in cleaning your recording heads starts right hear....here is spelled wrong for one reason because it's want you want to hear when your recording heads are clean and there is no static to be heard. The head cleaner comes with audio directions and with music interlude explains the best way to clean your heads. You can buy cheaper but it's not worth it,your computer works hard so use the best product to keep those recording banks clean,if you do a lot of downloading what good is downloading something that comes out sounding not like you want,even when you are paying for a recording on I Tunes you don't want a bad recoding and then have to go back and get it again,use the best cleaning and keep those recordings like digital all the time
*Outlets on different phases.  Many electrical panels, mine included, have breakers next to each other that alternate phases.  If you don't know what that means, you may have to try different outlets until it works.  It basically boils down to a 50/50 chance, half of your outlets are on 1 phase the other half are on the other (I had no problems).
IF YOU'RE A "DINOSAUR" LIKE ME (WHO STILL USES VCR'S), you should know this:  "older" tapes tend to get "soft" and leave much more residue on the tape heads than newer tapes do.  And if this happens, the picture will TOTALLY and INSTANTLY go out, not just degrade slowly over time.  Finding this out was a real eye-opener for me.  So now, using this $10.00 tape head cleaner will save me innumerable, expensive trips to the repair shop!  It's fast, easy to use, and effective.  THANK YOU!
4513	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These headphones are perfect for the walking iPod/iPhone listener. No buds in ear, no strand ear canal. I use other headphones but these are good, like the fold in ear pads. Cord could be about 6" longer, but still okay.
* The format and illustrations are PHENOMENAL!  The book has a very cool, very easy format that just flows.  The color diagrams are a huge bonus.
As a summary, the machine is excellent, sturdy, fast, and convenient for emails and web browsing. The books are not priced low enough for me to purchase although there are some old free books. Apps for children are wonderful. My children love it.
7794	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good cable at an excellent price. Nice length for when you don't need long cable,less clutter.
I use this keyboard on both windows  and unix, and it works great.
2712	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
3463	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it's a charger and works just like one
9339	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my Brother label maker and use it in our rental homes. This replacement tape is original Brother (though I have used knock offs and they work perfectly too)
5509	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Mandatory for all you folks with wild wire problems like myself! Nice and long, strong velcro, colors are nice.
But I do have bad things to say about tape recorders.  First of all, my Tandberg is a risky machine.  Perhaps, one time out of 100 times that I use the Tandberg, the tape gets tangled up.  I blame this on the Tandberg, not on the tape.  Another problem is that my Nakamichi 581 has been broken for many years, and I have not been able to find anybody who repairs this sort of machine.  The Nakamichi 581 was, and probably still is, the highest quality cassette deck known to mankind.  But I can't find anybody who can fix mine.  Again, this is not the fault of the tape.
7406	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	SO FAR, I HAVE BEEN ABLE TO USE THESE CASSETTES OVER AND OVER AGAIN WITH NO PROBLEMS IN THE QUALITY OF SOUND PRODUCED BY THEM, I REALLY ENJOY THE BLANK TAPES AS I AM ABLE TO DO WHAT I NEED TO GET DONE, NO PROBLEMS.
If you are looking for a great book to bring to the beach this is it. It's a fun read that totally helps you to escape from the normal routines of daily life and brings you to the glamorous world of the rich, famous, and beautiful. I wish this book was part of a series because I would love to learn more about Taylor's life and the world of Hollywood cliques. HIGHLY recommended.
6025	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed it for a joystick controller. Worked very well. Not a single complaint about product.
The unit seems sturdy and has held up great so far to the shower splashes.
9554	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hard to find product for label maker. Good quality, stick well and print stays on clearly.
7588	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As expected.
470	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is better than spending twice the money on this going into a brick and mortar store. Was very pleased.
3128	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	sensitivity is slightly on the low side...
Bill
7501	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a fabulous device for transferring large volume of data from my handheld (Jornada 548) to my laptop, and vice-versa.
1565	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	yet again another software product that is poorly designed.  The basic functionality is not intuitive and the 'light' was dim and the reading pane was dull and lifeless.  The whole thing feels acts cheap.  I really wonder if the Executives at B&N actually use their products???? Who is doing human-machine usability?  Bad experience all in all...
2131	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in great condition, and did the job.  New in the box and ahead of time.  I think I will get some reading done now.
6346	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are good cables. They are well made. I've had no problems with them. Good price. I would recommend these and Belkin cables in general.

9882	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far this radio is great. Has all the features needed for emergency notification. Programming was very easy, but keep the manual handy. The back-lit lcd screen is nice and stays on all the time when used with the AC adapter. The weather signal is strong and clear. The 9 volt battery back up lasts about 3 days when the AC is off, so you will need plenty batteries if you are using it without the AC power. So far I have not had an emergency signal come across, so I can not give a review on this. In any case it is a nice unit for the price with many options, i,e external antenna plug, remote speaker or other warning device, earphone, etc. You can also adjust the volume for the alert signal unlike other models. Only draw back; No test feature to check the alarm and warning lights.
2005	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my Nikon D80, this is an excellent camera and has way more capabilities than I realized.  For $10, I am getting thousands more out of my camera.  It's laminated to prevent wear and folds nicely for your camera bag. A great tool, a great buy!
It was evident that there was romance to be dished up between Rye and Tori, but the journey to that point is what makes this book so fun to read - along with Tori's recipes that Miles includes. Before I even finished the book, I was planning what meals to recreate. (I guess I was not alone in this as Miles has published a stand-alone cookbook, see my review.)
1729	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	These are so stupid

6468	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great buy and great price
7997	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hey, it's just a CAT5e cable and it seems to work as intended.  I didn't test it to see if it would work at Gigabit speeds (which a CAT5e should) but it works fine to connect my network-attached color laser printer to a local Ethernet switch.
1545	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is our 3rd Nook Simple Touch with Glowlight.  I believe they are the best ereader.  I have not bought or read anything but ebooks since getting them.
battery pack /circuit is over the wire So headphone theselves feel light on head.
For strong stations,  pick the YB400 for the audio. For interference or AM distance listening  with a MW loop, pick the Sony.

1390	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the old Nook.  I bought as back up in case the original one stops working.  Samsung is too different and too expensive.
  DTR(4) to DSR(6) and DCD(1), and
UPDATE: needed to charge my iPhone and iPad Mini at the same time - and was disappointed. The devices freaked-out and alternated between charging constantly until I unplugged one. So beware - it says it says 'dual charger' - BUT JUST NOT AT THE SAME TIME.
The reason I think it's just 'OK' for my set-up is that in order to get full illumination of the keyboard, the light is right in my field of vision or at about a 45 degree angle about 8" high.  Because the laptop I'm using has only the two USB ports on either side, I can't use the light from the back as one reviewer mentioned.  That might be a lot better.  The best I can do for now is try to get used to it in my peripheral vision.  More an issue with me and my PC than with this light, but something to consider when you are purchasing any USB laptop light - USB port placement on your PC.
3016	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This little buddy works well, just plug and play. My only minor complaint is that after three or four DVD burnings, it needs refreshed by restarting my computer.
6299	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	solid, kinda big and clunky, not a nice color (grey), but solid asf

8982	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I too had all the problems mentioned with the Amp.  Mine failed within the first year.  I sent it back for service.  It worked for a while and then failed again ... this time outside of warranty.  It sounded good when it was working.  I'm considering purchasing an aftermarket amp from a 3rd party to get it running again.  I wouldn't pay too much for one of these due to the frequent failure rate.
4315	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a new Canon camera and am playing with video as well as playback on the TV.  This works well for that.
**************Update****************
52	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We got this GPS for my husband who is an (OTR) over the road trucker.  Very Impressed with the shipping time, it arrived a few days earlier than expected...  within a week of use however it started freezing up... could of just been a glitch in that unit.  Worked great when it worked!  Will work great for the normal person as well but does have the "trucker" option. (the big truck routes - tells you when a scale is coming up ect...)  Love the bigger screen, the ease of use, the ease of putting addresses into memory.  Nothing really bad to say about the unit with the exception of it freezing which is probably one in a million and that's just my luck.  I contacted the seller and within minutes of my email I received a email back with instructions for an exchange! VERY impressed all the way around!

This story is very well-woven. The characters are first rate developed and we see personalities clash in a most believable way. What I love most about this story is that every character grows, blossoms, and finds sure footing on their life path.

5907	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great!
Exterior: Synthetic PU Leather
My cell phone, which weighs 3.5 ounces came in a corrugated box with a total weight of one pound with 10 ounces of that being the box and packing materials (the charger weighs about 2 oz).
Until then, I'll use the next best thing -- RCA's Wireless Modem Jacks.  They're great!
Bodum company, if you are listening, PLEASE revive this bowl for purchase in the US!!
7055	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My dog loves these Dingo Chicken strips.  As long as they NEVER source product from outside the U.S. I'm good with it.
update: I did a radio check on ch 19 yesterday and it was 6.5 miles from me.  Most of the signal was over water but still that's a long way.  The guy said I was coming in loud and clear too.  Another plus.  There there you have it - a good long radio check.  Frankly, I'd be happy with two mile range.
8151	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's not the prettiest cable in the world, but it's well-made and it does what it's supposed to do. I can't really ask for more.
7528	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Can't complain, looks great and works great.  Overpriced however as there are equally good or even better ones available in the market for same price.
Also if you mod this adapter it could cause damage to other gaming controllers or hardware that use those pins.
1619	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Don't waste your time with this one
5917	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Sucked

6965	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	like this product but it would have gotten a 5 if instructions were included


1089	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	looks like now dream became true - all my files stored on my phone and right with me as I need them :)
5228	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have always enjoyed listening to far away AM stations at night (DXing) and this radio is one of the better ones for that purpose, even compared to much more expensive radios. It is simple to use with a large internal ferrite antenna. I have never connected it to an external antenna (screws for this are on the back) or antenna tuner, which I imagine would improve reception. Most new radios have digital synthesized tuners and while that adds tuning accuracy, it often adds noise that is bad for DXing. This radio is not the best built and has known quality control issues such as tuning inaccuracies that can be rectified. It isn't tiring to listen to because it has good sound quality due to the large main speaker, tweeter and bass/treble controls. The FM section works very well too. I do not DX FM so can't comment on it's long distance capabilities but it sounds good and holds the stations well. It uses long running D cells but I use the internal AC power supply - the AC cord is permanently attached.
524	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought three of these mounts for all the bedrooms in my house. I love all three of them. All mounts have different tv's on them, One is a 50", 40" and a 32". Product comes with multiple screw for different tvs. Outstanding product for the price. All tv's have been mount for a little over a year. This product is a full motion mount for $29.99!! and it is Prime!

The original, first cover I'd gotten from this seller is like the covers that are pictured.  It has wider outer edges that reach the keyboard and prevents any dust or debris from getting to the keyboard.  These new covers are essentially useless since they no longer protect the keyboard.
1001	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	no problem whatsoever after a couple years of using it already. It let's you store 64GB of data and that's exactly what it does with no failure at all.

6383	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like belkin products and need a patch cable to run from my wireless modem to my laptop it fits just right and snaps in tight
3108	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	useless piece of device for a device that already has a mic... the performance is very average...!!! looks smooth tho.

513	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great for a cheap mount. Worked great on a 32" Emerson LCD tv. Does everything as advertised! Can tighten or loosen joints for easier movement.
9297	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These cartridges make great labels, but the tape separation can be quite
4725	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yes That's right the best length is 2 hours of which is what makes it the best for recording Radio shows like Dr. Demento and the lost45s too.
I was concerned about reports of the hot power supply, but the one I received is marked for US with a 7 AMP rating.  It did get pretty warm when first testing out the monitor at full brightness, but when I dialed the brightness back to a non-suntanning level, the power brick cooled off considerably.
8431	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is regular headphone with special plugin for Yamaha keyboard, but can also plug into cell phone, computer...etc. The sound is the same as w/o headphone. It is convenient when your neighbor is not far away.

8414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these headphones to go w/my electric piano and I am delighted w/them and so is my family!  Now I can practice as often as I want and not bother anyone,  Great sound and light on the head so no headaches and great price, very affordable!
And this is not due to (or lack of) my high tech proficiency (I develop firmware for "firwmare operated" gadgets by trade , really know how to use these "Software/firmware" operated gadgets quite well, have at least 5 GADGETS with very complicated functionalities at home, all of them require patient readings thru their thick manuals to operate / setup to my liking, no problem at all).
As far as reception - mine picks up great! (even without the antenna extension)
196	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Haven't used it since the Nook comes with a cover something I did not know but it looks well made and strong
Would recommend if you need a DSL cable
3753	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great

5424	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice.
8870	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked great
I really like these headphones.  I also tried the Sony RF950-RK, which is in a comparable price range.
The install took her 10 minutes - literally plug it in on both ends, and you're off to the races. The only real downside for installation is that the ethernet cables might be a bit too short for some installations - I had to use a spare 6' cable instead of the 3' cables that were included. You also really have to plug this into the wall directly and not into the surge protector.
1966	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Oct 2013  - As the winter months come, the light in the art studio where I attend class will not be as bright as I need.  There is no outlet nearby for me to plug in a light so I opted for battery power. I purchased the hammerhead book light and also the mighty bright LED duet light (2 heads.)
2318	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice
of true creativity and writing skill.  The only plot tension created
* Solid build, nice thick plastic with a rubber textured back

2945	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great drive!
5546	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I checked four local stores in my area for this cable and they all wanted a very high price for this item. I checked the Internet and found I could get it for only 1/3 the cost of what my local stores wanted. So I purchased it through Amazon, and with the freight included, it only cost me a third of what my local stores wanted. The cable is of high quality and works great. The connectors on the end are easy to operate, no problems. It sure pays to check the Internet for prices on an item before buying an item at your local store.
7675	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to plug in odd shaped plugs.  My laptop and printer plugs are organized and easy to find.
Bottom Line: For me, I love it. Best little toy I've purchased in years. Do your own research, and pick the best e-reader for you. IMHO, I think it's great and it's only going to get better in the future. For $250, it's a great deal...
I didn't do any extensive testing with it, and it really does sorta work for what I needed it for, but this is just a warning: use a powered hub!
2829	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I had been using a 30" HP LP3065 for a few years.  When it started intermittently failing for short periods I started researching my options.  I'm a software developer, but also do some amateur photography.  I have two PC's and two Mac Mini's.  My previous monitor had three dual link DVI inputs.  Trying to find a monitor to support inputs from three or four computers at full resolution was difficult, so I ultimately opted to purchase an IOGEAR 4-Port Dual-Link DVI KVMP Pro switch to switch the video (and keyboard and mouse) externally.  This allowed me to get the most cost effective panel for my needs without paying for all the extra internal switching circuitry.  This Yamakasi fit the bill perfectly.  Now, not only is the switching external, but the monitor power supply is external as well, so if anything fails I can replace the individual piece without shelling out over $1,000 for a whole the monitor.
But this unit is no lightweight when it comes to navigational support.  I have kept this device in my vehicle for the past three years and have lost count of the times it has kept me from getting turned around.  I can count the number of times it has kept me on the trail and back to home without a false move.  I keep a detailed journal of such trips on my web site.
1884	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My original charger broke.  By the time it finally stopped working, I was having to elevate the cord and arrange the cord in very specific ways to maintain a steady charge.  Too often, I'd plug it in and the light would be green, as in full charge when the unit was actually near empty on the battery.  With constant readjusting of the cord, it'd finally show yellow/amber for charging.
1131	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love there games and the android
The second bummer is that most of the available books for Nook are fiction. There are some of the more popular non-fiction type books available. Usually whatever is most trendy at the time, but for the most part any professional type texts, or anything not on a best seller list that is non-fiction can't be found for the Nook platform. However, when I go to Amazon, 8 of 10 times, I'll find it available for download on the kindle.
2093	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect!
author is very knowledgeable and writes clearly and well. Wish he was my tutor.
Consider this a remedy for treating a dinosaur in the tech world. Glad this was still available.
9701	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Multiple repeat orders of this product!  I label EVERYTHING, so I always have extra cartridges on hand!

7125	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	nice
A significant short coming is  the built in flash. Its nowhere near powerful enough, even for a simple  head and shoulders shot when the subject is 4 feet away. Images often come  out too dark. This wouldn't be so bad if there were accomodations for an  external flash, but there doesn't seem to be one. Also, the camera tends to  create "red eye" a lot, which you can correct if you have  PhotoShop, but that's more work than I want to do.

5217	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The old camcorder worked great!  I just needed some new blank tapes.
7465	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these speakers for less than $20 and am very impressed with their quality. I put them on our patio and the entire area is filled with great sound (the patio is about 15'x30'). If you are looking for an inexpensive set of speakers for outside, this is your pair.
5323	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was thinking about a radio for a while.  The big NY blackout put me over the top and I got the GE.
5932	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
8705	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Getting hard to find these. This was NIP, great quality, and affordable.
5193	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This product does not work with my base unit at all, even though they are both the same brand.  Sales rep was very courteous and stated that it was a defective unit. However, is RCA quality control bad enough to where they get units that absolutely don't work? Very inconvenient for customers. It also seems to me that they have a huge compatability issue w/ base units and extensions from the Amazon reviews I've read. Do your homework and I would advise that anyone looking for a wireless phone jack save up a little more money and buy a better brand.
7421	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I immediately passed this link to friends still using Magnetic Cassette tapes. They are getting harder to locate and this brand, length and packaging are excellent. Arrived on time and in perfect condition. I might add that the box looked like it had a hard shipping experience. No damage to tapes, or their plastic cases.
480	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am using this mount for a 39 inch Vizio TV and it has been great. The installation process was quick and easy and we LOVE the variety of angles that you can get from this mount. We have it on a side wall in our bedroom and we can pull the tv out and move it completely perpendicular to the wall on which it is mounted if we want to. (We don't usually move it quite perpendicular, but it works to do this.)
2438	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It was a gift and they were so happy that my son and daughter can charge there phones


5742	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These ties are perfect for managing cords. I like that they are reusable and can color-code your electronics. I use the colors based on sound cords. For example: black/silver for HDMI and red/green/blue for composite.

is greatly appreciated! Hope You and Your Family Have A Great Year, Chef Faris
8102	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These cables rock, I got a bunch for my dorm room, and they work perfectly and do what I need them to do.
4426	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great price great sound and picture fast ship a must have if you need the length cant ever have to many cables


9887	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Brother makes good labelers that works and sticks.  This is a convenient model and is useful in everyday labeling.  Not too expensive and stays on the items you apply.
5460	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as expected.
4968	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The head cleaner works fine.  I have no issues that I have seen from this product.  It works as advertised.

* Looks kind of dated, would be nice if they made it look like a switch or something so it blended in more
It's one of the last things I mentioned, but the high compatibility of formats on the Nook is absolutely indispensable to me. I would never purchase a reader that required payment for content, just like I wouldn't mail publishers a check every time I borrowed a library book or a novel from a friend. Use your own morals. A big thanks to B&N for producing an intelligent device.
6616	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its a usb extension cord. I can do USB things from like 10 feet away now.
2647	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to charge my iphone and tablet in the car. works for iphone but not the tablet. I needed a stronger charge for that but this is still great for both iphoe and ipod together. it's cheap, small and compact
7461	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I very much like the hard case in lieu of the leather cases and flip-top leather cover for the Palm V because it offers neat, compact protection for the Palm.  I had no problems with the case.
4403	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We have a tv in our bed room 30ft from the Comcast unit......by running from a HDMI splitter and a remote ir sending unit works great and eliminates need for a Comcast DTA........now we can get recorded shows and on demand from den receiver....will be paid for in 2 months DTA rental !!!!
It was part mystery and part fiction memoir. Again, a sharp witted writer who will hopefully put more out for us to try.
569	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This was well priced, sturdy, easy to install.  You have to mount it on a stud in the wall. The mount joints are stiff.  Even though there is a generous pack of screws of various lengths and washers, I still had to improvise to mount the television. Good value
3805	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works
5843	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked the first time I used it
9382	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this tape as it is manufactured by Brother. I prefer to use replacements designed by the manufacturer of the product. This tape worked perfectly.
4971	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product for those of us like myself that still use the VCR. I'm old school and still like to use them alot.
3220	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	had to get these for a project
1609	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You just have to hang on for the ride as the characters strive to find their way through confusing and threatening situations and deal with nasty villains and alien bureaucracy.  Well written, gripping, a brilliant dance of very different cultures. Rural England and gritty crime through the eyes of desperate men in a new and very strange land. This is a Thriller  that  reads like some of the best science fiction, rather like what you might get if Neal Gaiman or William Gibson wrote a contemporary crime thriller.  Tough Chinese Police Inspector Jian speaks no English but has rushed to England to help his Daughter who is in trouble and finds that she is missing and has been lying to him about her life in England. Ding Ming and his wife have  been smuggled into England by human traffickers in hope of finding work and prosperity in the "Gold Mountain". Things go really bad really fast, Ding Ming is separated from his wife by the "Snakeheads" he tries to deal with unexpected situations and demands from the smugglers in order to be allowed to speak with his wife.  Both these men struggle to find their way in an alien culture without any guidelines. You see events through the eyes and minds of these two men.
HP LaserJet 2100 TN (only has parallel and AppleTalk ports, plus an EIO slot)
3263	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I had a couple of problems with having to reset my device so it could read the sd card before.  I like to save any applications I can to it to save room on my device.  Worked great for a couple of months after that.  Then since yesterday, it just stopped reading and started saying damaged card and try to format.  I formatted it, and it still won't read the sd card.  This was a horrible waste of my money.  I am very upset.

9969	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This radio is great providing the option to go mobile very easily.  I paired my radio with a Firestik and FireRing and obtained a 1.6 SWR on ch. 1&40 on a LR3 with a direct mount rack.
9504	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great transaction/shipping and fine product.
3435	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just the best
> It is hard to tell which selection is chosen in the menus, because selections are indicated only by a slight shadow.
4563	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	can't beat simplicity
9855	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Was the tape I needed to get the label maker working. Looks as expected and works as expected black text and white background.

5482	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It assemblies easier with a screwdriver not included. Good quality wood that will hold up the indirect water exposure in my bathroom.

You really don't have  to install the included MouseWare software if all you really need is  two-button operation.  From a practical standpoint, all the software really  does is configure the 3rd and 4th buttons to do whatever you want them to  do, such as double-click, drag-lock or any function you could imagine for a  mouse button.  It also adjusts orientation of the trackball, so you won't  have to worry about its knowing which way you want to push the ball to make  your arrow go straight up.
7925	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This has been a great cable, been using it for a very long time.
1960	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best book light on the market.  Read two pages in a completely dark room.  Plenty bright on lowest setting.  Clip on back cover and read for hours while your partner sleeps completely undisturbed right next to you.  This is the book light I've been looking for for years.

6458	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These short cables are perfect for use over the desk, without making a mess. I have a small switch where I connect two laptops and one Raspberry Pi, and long cables would make too much clutter. These cables work perfectly fine in my 100Mbit network, and should also work witn a Gigabit network (not tested). Overall I'm very happy with this purchase.
7976	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	needed for my pc
3046	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice external drive. Just plug it in and go. I got it because the cd drive quit working in my laptop.
5714	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin brand comes through again.
2660	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used this on a recent trip so that I could plug two iPhones into the car and have them both charge on our long drive (SF to SD). Worked perfectly, and was very inexpensive.
7941	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the snagless feature. Very good quality.
3983	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The price seems to reflect the product here unfortunately. I bought this to be used during a short film production. It worked about 60% of the time. It would either drop out or give a distorted image to the monitor. Haven't tested on other monitor as we were to busy working, but this cable negatively affected my production having to wait to start rolling as we didn't have an image.
2111	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This seems to be a good little light for my kindle.  The battery seemed to run out fast that came with it so we will see how a new battery lasts in it.

2768	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I've used this cover with both a Kindle (Generation 2) and a Nook. Surprisingly, this case is better designed for a Nook for two reasons:
7173	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a spare bedroom where we did not have a telephone jack. Installation was a snap and it works great. Sound quality is awesome and in addition you can use it to connect an access point router to expand the reach of your Wi-Fi network.
Better to go with the Kindle.
6178	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I tried it on my laptop and it got stuck. I had to really tug, pull and work at it to get it out. I am not happy with it.
8191	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Two things I like about this cable.  One is the price, which is very reasonable, and the other is the snag-proof end.  The reason I needed to buy several is my old ones got snagged and broke off the arm.  So far, the cables are working just fine.
4732	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	ok
7236	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Beautiful conversation starters. Wish they weren't paper though.
Play Station Etc while charging the remote,
2205	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I really liked this light. I purchased it during a deployment so that I could read while my roommate was sleeping. It is a very bright light so if you are sharing a room with some one, I would recommend that you read under the covers.
2018	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I received this usb light yesterday. Found it very useful at work last night. Unfortunately at approximately 4:00 am the light died. Tried a second computer but no luck. Toto working hours about 10 and a half.
Tilt: the up and down tilt function is limited to 10-15, so don't install it too high up.


What the **** is the point of having wifi if you can only use it for downloading purchases from B&N.  I expect to practically NEVER make a purchase from the official store.  Instead I use an e-reader for my personal files (textbooks and news articles for example) and am left having to connect the device to my computer every. single. time.  Unbelievable shortcoming of the Nook.
Nightingale".  Jack takes it all in stride, including the news
9653	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good quality
2628	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love option to have 2nd USB since EVERYTHING these days is USB.  Works fine even though aftermarket for charging the iphone and iproducts

records loud static noise every three seconds...
7221	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was thinking it is one piece holder but actually it comes in four parts and a bag of screws. There is a detailed instruction but you still need to control the distance by yourself. The product quality is good and works well for holder function. Overall I think this wine glass holder is unique and in good quality. Disclaimer: I received a sample product for review purposes. The Company/Seller did not influence in anyway how I rate this product. What I wrote in my review, whether good or bad, is voluntary and entirely my own with the intent of helping Amazon Customers make the right buying decision.
I would reccomendthese cables
3776	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works, good quality and you can't beat the price. Very fast delivery as well. I like it.
Are MP3s CD quality?  Only those recorded at 160kbps or greater.  Unfortunately, MP3s at that setting will use up your ram within a few songs.  I tend to aim for 128 or 96 bitrates.  In a quiet room with no other background noise, if you're familiar with the piece, you'll be able to note the difference.  If you take mass transit, are on a plane, on the road, or in the streets, you'll be pressed to hear the differences between a song encoded at 96 or 160.
3) My unit turned orange after being exposed to sunlight for a week (I'm not kidding!)
I have purchased Belkin cables in the past and i still have a few of their cables laying around they are still working after years of use. I have some missing tabs on a couple of my generic CAT 5e cables. This is the reason for my interest in Belkin's snagless design. Without the locking tabs the cables slip out if moved.

1147	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Nook HD+ 9" is an amazing device for the price, $149.00. The display is comparable to Apple,s iPad, very crisp and bright.  I have used it flawlessly for three weeks.  My uses:  eMailing, web surfing, checking my IRA broker account, reading eBooks and watching movies.  I,ve read two Kindle ebooks, and watched Netflix with supberb results.  The speakers are better than one would expect of a tablet, but I use headphones. Before making the purchase, I compared the "PLUS" to the Kindle Fire hd, and the iPad and felt that the PLUS,s display is superior.  Now with Google Play, Chrome, and Kindle app, along with the usual B & N stuff, this a "no brainer".  I,ve added my favorite apps, a few photos, about 15 eBooks, and a bunch of bookmarks and still have 86% of the 16gb available.  I doubt I,ll need to add an expansion card, but nice to have that option. The 9" is perfect for eReading and movie watching. My other tablets are a Nook Color and an Acer A200, but the PLUS beats em hands down.  B & N got this right.  Highly recommend!!

2730	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is not very often that I can get something cheap, fast, and that performs as it should.  This is one such item.  The hardware seems to be durable, it is very compact, and it performs the simple null modem task.
8852	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have tried other bags..  This one is unobtrusive so it doesn't detract from the looks of my interior.  Because it has a cinch top rather than a flap, it is easy to drop things into it without being distracted.  This is my favorite feature...  the hole is big enough to put things in but small enough to keep them there.  The small piece of velcro keeps it affixed.  My former bag had a long piece and I didn't want to stick that to my nice car....  It empties easily.
1406	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I enjoyed this tablet for about a year. I bought a blue tooth keyboard and Office Suite Pro 7 and that worked ok. The device recently would not load beyond 99%, then did a factory reset. I lost everything, dozens of saved pdfs, notes, slides, and word documents. All my apps need to be re-installed. I was timed out of my first online help chat. The second customer service rep said I should have backed up my files. Sigh.  I was hoping for some ideas on how to prevent this from happening again. Now I will use the nook as a reader. Period.
-Beautiful design & feels very sturdy and well made
2896	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected!
9555	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Received quickly and works great.
5477	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Plug it in and data goes through it.  You cant explain that.
830	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Raspberry Pi 3 and it does work. So if you are wondering about compatibility, it is compatible. Nice to finally have 64 gigs of storage.
6352	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	no issues
7056	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This product is very useful to extend existing cables (to a printer, etc.)  It's just what I needed to move my printer across the office.
5123	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	was the wrong one
4942	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	IT DIDN'T WORK!!
7611	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	nice and well made and the 15 foot cord is very convenient!.
4239	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price
If you want to purchase this item....just take your money and throw it in the trash....you will have the same impact.

What is weird is that I would guess the problem would be in the transformer (which is external), but since I have two, I have in the past just swapped the power sources and the problem follows the monitor.  I guess it is still a mystery.  If it ever happens again, I will try the 15 minute unplug and report.
6865	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very disappointed at fist to recieve them, as they seemed just paper circles.  But they worked.  I can't even see that the one I used has been used, but it cleared up all the problems with the DVDs I used it on.  THe computer said they were unreadable, but now work just fine.
3744	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Norms excellent to look at your photo in a hdmi large screen tv.. Very pleased with the cable
I travel a lot, and need to carry my library with me.  This device does not work to download books outside of the US.  Why not?  I can understand the GSM not working, but if I have WiFi access somewhere, I should be able to load anything I want anywhere.  I can load books anywhere with my iPod Touch. Requires a US address.  Why?  Why can't anyone use it?  Device requires that you sign up with B&N with a credit card.  Why can't I download free books without a B&N account?  You cannot use this device until it is registered.
1505	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Switched to the Kindle Paperwhite recently and I like it much better.  Better interface.  And shaped a bit narrower so its a lot easier to hold in one hand.
5747	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
I personally hate wading through 40-60 pages on the life of the author, at the beginning of the book when all I want to do is read the book itself.  Books with a ton of crap in the front, with articles about the life of the author, acknowledgments, are a PITA toget around.  Scrolling down to chapter one to start the book is problematic--sometimes you are sent back to the index, other times you go to Chapter one. Why should I have to scroll and enter a command twice.  Why can't it work the first time?

Does not say its water resistant anywhere or that its a shower radio - I would like to see this.
335	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great
I feel really frustrated with this one, the first bad review I wrote.
5894	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have external drive dvd, a 3dbr/d player,a computer w/built in dvd,and a dvd recorder,just install and listen to followed directions. to clean and  be able to optimize each system is great.it's been about a year since i last cleaned them.i notice a big change in my devices. I think i gave this allsop ultra pro a decent test and it passed. good product.

Synopsis: `You are going to Hell, Jack Nightingale.' They are the words that ended Jack Nightingale's career as a negotiator with the Metropolitan Police. But two years later, when Nightingale is a struggling Private Eye, the words come back to haunt him. Nightingale discovers that he was adopted at birth and that his real father, a confirmed Satanist, sold Nightingale's soul to a demon from Hell. And on his thirty-third birthday - just weeks away - the demon is coming to claim its prize.
655	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this for a small 22 in TV for bedroom. The mount weighs more than the TV ! That's not a complaint though. I actually took down the 22 inch set today and mounted a 37in Sharp Aquos. Much heavier set than 22 in, no issues at all. It supports the 37 in just fine. The set probably weighs 35-40 lbs. For the price, $25,it was a great bargain. Installed it myself into wall studs,very secure.
1928	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I am an artist and needs lots of true daylight lighting when I work. This item allows me to get that lighting when traveling and when I am in areas without good task lighting. Small and easy to pack or carry in a shoulder bag. It stands upright sitting its clip style base. The neck is very adjustable but if not clipped to weighted item and you tilt neck too far over either way it will fall over. The batteries in base compartment last a fair amount of time but gets costly to keep replacing when using for numerous hours. I purchased the AC plugin accessory additionally so I can work steadily using the wall plugin for continually powered lighting. Gave it 4 stars because of expense of batteries and expense of buying the electric plugin accessory. In closing however, I highly recommend this product to anyone needing true bright white light that is portable.
I wish I got a longer one though.
5608	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Compare to low price this is a great and quality item, I will order more In the future ! !
Much prefer this type of plastic clip-on four corners case, rather than the velcroed pocket type of case that this one replaced.
6102	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	According to a friend I'm the last person on the planet to own a VCR but I see no reason to toss something because marketers think I should. These tape off my TV, they are really cheap and I have decades old tapes that play perfectly. DVR, streaming, whatever is the latest trend is all well and good but it all costs money and is soon on to next thing. These tapes are reusable many times over or can be stored indefinitely. I know they aren't made anymore so I stocked up. Too cheap to not.
MSE/MBA I.T. Consultant and Former Senior Staff Member Arthur D. Little, Inc. and Digital Equipment Corporation
-Device has wifi but no internet browser; it only brings/connects you to the barnes and noble store to purchase and then download their books; the wifi in general is just useless on this device

Metal
5707	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Short cable, but works fine.
6555	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	5 stars of course, for the service, the price as well as for the item itself. Will definitely be buying from this vender again in the future.
4951	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I have three VCR's - A Sony DVD and VCR Player/ Recorder, a DVD and VCR  Recorder and Player, and a third VCR player/recorder.  All take the Maxell cleaner in but after about a second of play, they stop.  Virtually no cleaning results.
841	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I waited over a month for the delivery of this product, and it does not work with my LG G3 Stylo

5679	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I thought it worked pretty darn good.  I used to have another really good one, but after someone stole it with some other things I couldn't remember what it was called.  I tried a different dvd cleaner before this one and it really sucked, but this one got my older dvd player to not skip so much and to play dvds that it wasn't playing before...............  For a long time i thought it was netflix's fault the dvds weren't playing right, but sometimes you just need to get the dust off the laser and stuff.

3066	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been pleased with this drive.  The DVD drive on my laptop went belly up and I purchased this as an add-on replacement.  It is simply plug (and plug) and play.  Laptop recognized it immediately and the usb power supply seems to work just fine, I do not find that to be a drawback.
8510	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say.... it worked
1815	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I did enjoy this book!  I thought the author did a great job telling a story and hooking me from the beginning.  Once I started this book, I wanted to know how it would end.  The author did a great job of having the main character slowly mature.  I also enjoyed that the main girl got to finish what she started.  The only thing I personally found to be annoying was the character calling his dad, daddy.

The noise cancelling works pretty well.  I've taken these on several intercontinental flights and they do a decent job of blocking out engine rumble and screaming kids.  They also do a decent job of blocking out adult human voices, which is nice in the office.
182	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted.  No problems
1260	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've never been remotely interested in e-book readers, but I was stuck in Best Buy during a car installation for hours the other month and saw this device. It's just about the only time I've discovered something not by hype or searching for a product to fit my needs but by wandering upon it in an electronics store. After reading about the new reader for a few weeks, I decided to actually buy one.
The only way it could be better would be to have a digital frequency display, but the analog "dial" is OK enough once you get used to it.
5333	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent cleaner. I had an ancient DVD player and an older Macbook which were experiencing random 'could not read' errors.
Honestly, I would not have purchased a second one but my wife really wanted another for Christmas; it seems to be the best shower radio in this price range.
1806	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A very enjoyable read. Easy reading very likable characters . I would recommend to anyone who wants an easy weekend read.
The only real drawbacks come from sun spots: when they flaired we could could hear them.  And oh, for a while we heard a neighbor use her cordless phone, which was odd and entertaining for a couple of Saturdays until we figured it out and knocked on some doors.

56	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Daughter thought it was a good read.
4300	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Bought 3 of these.  Only 1 worked.  You do the math.
4337	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We use this cable to hook our camera to the RV TV.  Works well and is long enough to be able to see at a table and operate the device.  The photos look nice on a large screen.
8415	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought these for a friend to replace the headphones that my daughter cut with a set of scissors. I would not have bought them for myself, but they are a good set. I could not give them five stars because the set I did buy for myself  are much better quality than these.
Light is perhaps a bit too bright and it's a blue white (that is, not a warm white).  But I had no problem with it.

6332	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a 10 foot iPhone 6 charger.  Decided to get this instead.  Also saved about 40$. Very happy
I may order another just in case they go the way of the dinosaur!! This case is that cool I promise!

8771	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	DO NOT BUY!!!! Damaged my Samsung Galaxy Note 3 (volume control button) and the plastic frame cracked and broke apart.

The thing is that I discovered that having a converter from mini and regular HDMI and a cable works better for me.
  After that, the story goes downhill.
It comes with a belt clip and lanyard, the mobile adapter, two battery packs (one for rechargeable AAs, and one for standard AAs), a decal, and a great manual.
9302	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is awesome and it also has svideo too unlike my original cable.  Works pretty well.  And super cheap too.

7855	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product at a good price. Being able to label the cords to match the plug is handy.
4750	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Done the job
767	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It works well but cut out often.
9064	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well as far as I can see.
6570	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works as expected

280	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Apple deserves its reputation for elegant design and intuitive interfaces, but that does not change the fact that computers are initially somewhat difficult to understand - obviously for the first-time user, but perhaps even more so for the desktop PC user making the paradigm shift to Mac, mobility, or both. This book is the perfect curative for this condition.
7197	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Had a small setup problem (I needed to do the security setup before it would let me hear a dialtone), otherwise I use it on my tivo and it works just fine (so far).
5644	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
That's my $0.02.  Just wish I had known this before I spent the hundred dollars.
7414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed to buy cassettes elsewhere than where I was buying them from.  They were getting more expensive each and every year.  Luckily I thought about looking here.  I found cassettes at a price from a period of many years ago.  It literally brought back childhood memories, well not really, but it was very inexpensive.  I still like recording on my old cassette player but found many stores not carrying cassettes on their shelves.  And when they did, the prices were high.  I highly recommend purchasing cassettes here on Amazon, they have many different brands to chose from.
3745	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	quality cord.  well made and connections fit.
There is even printed text that reads "As a reward: $___".  I thought this was interesting; what if I choose not to put in a dollar value?  Would I offend a potential Good Samaritan if I didn't put in a number, or worse, if they felt the number was too low?  In the end, I wrote, "reward if returned".
7065	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Some Belkin branded products are overpriced imho but this Cable in particular is a steal.
6920	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin has proven itself as a leading cable manufacturer. This extension cable is no different. Please disregard negative reviews by others who say it can't connect between device and PC. This is to extend what you already have so it doesn't clutter things more. A good example is if you have an iPHone with the 3Ft charging usb cable, and your PC is on the floor, you can connect this extension cable on a rear USB port, and extend it to the desktop, poking out a little, yet not adding to clutter. Then you can connect your iPhone usb charging cable to the female end of this extension, as if it was your PC directly. Works well, and I highly recommend this cable to extend your USB needs.
2607	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	doesnt work when both are being used don't order. especally if a apple product is being used... I guess you get what you pay for
6372	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Most people will tell you a cable is a cable.  After dealing with so many different brands, I have concluded that it is not true.  This cable is very easy to manage on a patch panel.  I am completely sold on Belkin cables.
9153	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great...For what I'm using it for it works good. I liked the excellent price...I would tell friends about this product.
The "User's Manual" warns against using the Operating System to copy a disk. Use the Iomega "Copy Machine" program. Right click on the ZIP drive to select the Iomega "Format" function. Use "Short Format" to delete all data on an Iomega disk. The "Long Format" repairs a drive with errors, converts from another format, or removes all passwords. "Write Protection" protects against writing over data, a password can protect against both reading and writing files. You can also flag the ZIP drive as "non-removable" so it appears like a hard drive. The manual has the details. Most printers will operate from the printer port on this unit. The manual offers suggestions if this doesn't work.
2245	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So i needed a good size HDMI cord to go from my tv to my HTPC setup i have. When you think about HDMI cables, most think that the more expensive it is, the better it is... That really isn't the case. This HDMI cable does everything a $50+ cable does, and does it a lottttttt cheaper!
9240	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I also own a Sony Mavica and a Kodak DC260 so this isn't my first digital camera. With the 950 I found that I needed to read the manual with care  because much of the interface is restrictive and confusing if you try to  just "go for it." After blowing through several dozen test pics,  I started to find the tricks to metering, autofocus and Nikon's digital  simulation of shutter and aperture settings found on a traditional camera.  The quality of the pictures, once you get the hang of using the camera in a  particular setting, is amazing. This is the highest digital quality I've  experienced with a digital camera.
9733	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my Brother Printer
1988	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Although a bit pricy, I would recommend this for all new D90 owners. You can leave your manual at home as this will answer most questions you will have in the field about your D90 features.
5202	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	They fade in and out with reception.  I got them to use for Halloween to put right outside the door no more than 15 feet from sending unit. No go had to go back to wired.  They are hard to fine tone with reception and then they are not stable and fade in and out.  Terrible buy on my part.  Soon to be trash, cannot see even giving them away to anyone to have problems with them too.
396	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Works perfectly.
1031	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this in my ASUS tablet. it holds my music library and much more the is no issue with space or speed.
4730	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Cleaner would only play for two or three seconds at a time, if at all, then stop. The longest I got was about four seconds. Fast forwarding and reminding didn't help. Tape got twisted and pulled out once. It's possible I managed to do some cleaning after about 10 or 12 tries but I risked damaging the unit. I had a similar type cleaner about 15 years ago where you basically just put about five or six drops of the cleaning fluid, which was isopropyl alcohol, on the front of the tape, and it worked fine with no problems such as this.

2274	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works well
9640	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great in the Brother Personal Labeler
Couldn't ask for a better product. Saved me a ton of money on a new, high end (I was going to choose a Yamaha) player.
2287	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My rand children love them
8167	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cable works as advertised. The connection is fast, and gives me no reason to be dissatisfied. A cable at this price cannot be beaten.
2028	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased power banks in the past & this is the perfect amount of light when I lay awake at night reading - enough to read by but not so much it bothers others around you
266	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Most of my family uses mac computers. My mom used to work in a UNIX/PC environment. She loves her mac, but often wishes she had a manual. Well now she does. This book is colorful and has a nice layout. My one small complaint with format is that I wished it was slightly bigger so that the font might be larger. Personally, I go to mac help or forums when I have difficulty, but if you, like my mom, prefer a book in hand, this just might be the perfect product for you.
3664	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff
552	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got the product in good shape. Installation easy except it requires two person to connect the TV to the bracket.
922	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
1489	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have been eyeballing e-readers for a while and I was absolutely certain that I was going to purchase a Kindle.  Well many moons ago I worked at Barnes and Noble and stopped in to visit and old friend.  He introduced me to the Nook, I shrugged up my nose and said, 'Yeah, I'm sold on the Kindle.'
3485	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, 100% recommended seller
2863	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great I'm very happy with this product.

2991	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This little optical drive that I got for under $10 was plug in and worked! I am quite surprised at the quality of this GENERIC USB DVD WRITER. Its compact, fast and perfect for a laptop that had a DVD writer but was ruined by a Cleaning Disc. (ALERT make sure your cleaning discs are FOR LAPTOPS) I am using the burner now to take care of some backed up burns that needed to be done and it is quietly working on the side doing a fantastic job. Came with both power and USB cable plus mini disc with drivers but that was never needed as WIN7 found the drivers needed and it was up and running in 2 minutes flat. TERRIFIC BUY!
4945	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'll Purchase again.
Other than my issue with organization, I am really enjoying my nook. I'm looking forward to reading many books in the future, thanks to this wonderful device. Highly recommended.

4961	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	car cd player quit working. inserted disk (about 6 time b/c my player is 16 years old and never cleaned before)  now it works great again
This adapter has a simple one way gearing that fools this mechanism rather than spinning freely.  I have no problems with the sound quality, and it's half the price of the Radio Crap.  I wish I had known about this before heading over to the Shack.
But more than that, this book touched on many subjects and emotions that I, as a mother of a teenager who is rapidly preparing to go out on her own, was deeply touched by.  The love of children for their parents, the love of parents for their children, the strength of children, the weaknesses in even the best parent figures - all of these themes come into play in "Sleepwalker:The Last Sandman" in a way that made it more than worth my time to read.
2677	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Item arrived way before time and as described. I am charging my cell phone in one and a camera in another without any issues.
1898	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job.  Would be better if it had a folding leg to stand the Nook.
7974	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do.
I had to pull it in and out of the camera a few time for it to actually work.

8062	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works as designed the price is just right . I will  recommend this item to my friend ,it works with the proper length.
1868	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best cover for Simple Touch Glowlite you can buy.
2219	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This little light is a very nice unit... premium build quality, very lightweight and thin design, responsive and ergonomic on/off button.  The light cast is a pleasant warm light, of about the perfect brightness.  I've been using it for about two weeks now, approx 30-60 minutes per night, and have not yet run through the first set of batteries.

I have played both Austin Powers movies, Rounders, Contact, Pulp Fiction, and two Gratefuld Dead  DVD's, along with an assortment of audio CD's.

If we hold one of the the Sony cassettes next to a TDK cassette (which work fine in the BM-575) the tape in these Sony cassettes looks visibly taller.
5674	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quick, reusable, and color coded... these velco cable ties are a fast and effective way to cable management.  Easy and reusable, unlike zipties.
9791	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great.  Now I need more.
1176	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Loved mine so much, bought one for my friend.....now, we trade (or borrow) books from each other 2000 miles away from each other.  She had stopped reading regular books because the print was too small (phenominom that happens as you get older (lol) I told her she could make the fonts larger than life with the Nook.... The very first book she read was one that she borrowed from me.  When I talked to her the day after she got her Nook, she told me she had already read half of the book......Thanks to Nook, we are all reading more.
This would be a perfect  camera for a person just starting into digital photography, who wants a  camera that looks, feels,  and acts like a familiar 35 mm point and shoot  and who has elementary knowledge and sense of computers.
Taylor Henning started her dream job at a major Hollywood studio. For as long as she can remember, Taylor has loved movies. The reclusive director Michael Deming and his seminal work Journal Girl have been a particular inspiration for Taylor. Although she's never received a response, Taylor sends Deming updates on her Hollywood experience.
2366	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good

6161	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The DB15 to USB adapter does not work out of the box for SideWinder controllers as it claims.  You have to wire pins 2 and 7 together on your SideWinder controller before using this adapter.  After modifying the controller's connector the adapter works perfectly though.

Overall, I'm very happy with this device and consider it a very good, inexpensive alternative to having a dedicated LINE IN/LINE OUT option like those you find on newer in-car decks.  Near CD-quality, to be sure.
4883	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My son bought this to use on his Xbox and it worked perfectly!  It also arrived in just a couple days!
5435	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love these. I use them on cords all over the house, both those in use and stored. They come with the fuzzy Velcro material the length of one side, and the hooks on an inch on the end of the other side. I just wrap them tightly around the cord until the hook material is in the right place. It's not a difficult concept. If the Velcro hooks ran the length of the other side, it would probably be very difficult to remove the tie when you needed to.
900	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it was a gift.
4027	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	exelente

Other than this issue, the DVD player rates 5 stars!!!
4796	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Really did nothing to improve skipping on my Bose Wave player.
lovesalsa@cox.net
4341	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What pay $50 for a Canon brand cable when you can get this one for under $10 and the quality is just as good. I highly recommend this mini HDMI cable.
1900	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it! Got it for my nook glowlight and it fits perfectly really great case
I have also seen people spray paint these neon colors and hang them from string in rooms, put on walls.  Fun art to remember a cool time when you rewound tapes with pencils so you didn't waste batteries. :P
1334	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got as a present for myself for a surgery I am currently recovering from and has worked amazingly so far. Is such a good buy for the price
2683	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works!  That was my biggest concern.  It looks like the picture and the blue light comes on to indicate it's working.  My iPhone had no problem recognizing it and began charging immediately.
3055	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Can't beat the price and it does automatically show up on your computer under the hardware devices once you plug it in. It is a little different than I am used to. Just push the button to open, place disc securely on the spindle while snapping it securely into place, close the unit and you're ready to go. I used it together with my regular disc drive to make copies without a problem. It will take 2 USB ports--one to power it and the other for the burning procedure. I would suggest you purchase an additional USB extention cord because the one included is short. If your tower or laptop is right in front of you, then no problem about an extention. You cannot use the Belkin Mini Hub for both ports of the burner, as it is suggested not to run the power USB connector through it. The Mini Hub as you can see has a short cord. It works fine but I would have liked it so much better if it had a longer cord because I cannot use it for which I had originally planned so plan to use it in other ways..
3771	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm with my 5D MKIII and computer monitor.
I think that by the time anyone reads this they should know that the tablets (both Kindle and Nook, to be fair) are tied to their respective distributors.  That didn't come as any surprise to me, I fully expected it.  I knew that, without modifying the device (not really acceptable for your average person, if you ask me), I would be stuck with B&N's app store.  What I didn't know was how woefully limited that app store really is; it pales in comparison to Amazon's and doesn't even register when compared to the android marketplace.
3070	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Installs without an installation disc needed.  Works terrific with both my Netbook and my ThinkPad tablet!  You need 2 USB ports for the hook-up but the tablet has many and I use a Belkin hub for the Netbook.  You need to be a little gentle with it when you "return" the disc.  Because the "open" button is black like the rest of the unit, I painted it with WhiteOut to see it better. Hahaha

85	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice item

I will say that the joints in the arms are quite stiff - it can take a little muscle to move the TV.  But I think I prefer that - it certainly doesn't feel flimsy, and it stays wherever I put it.
2539	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	on my car with exterior antena i have not problems but on my car with rear glass antena it makes interferance and i lose a some radio stations while charging my phone
I sure love beta testing new products for these big companies -- NOT!

6392	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product.


3174	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This item did not work for me.  I had to use a USB3 cable instead.
3578	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The only way to buy microSD at a fraction of what you'd pay in the stores.  Use it in a Yuneec Q500 4K drone and has no issues recording at 4K UHD bit rates.
8784	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it was as expected.
448	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked perfectly to place a tv in the corner and have it angle out to the rest of the room.  good flexibility with tilting the arms, and very easy to install into one stud.  would recommend.
8067	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	They worked fine and are well made. It's a cable but now I have to add 13 more words - there!



9718	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been using my P-Touch printer for years and it hasn't yet let me down.  This is my first experience with the black on silver tape.  I like the look, very classy.  These tapes are nice, because they will stay on my children's plastic food storage container through countless cycles in the dishwasher, yet they peel off without leaving not even a hint of residue.  I label everything with these, especially AC adapters.  I never have to wonder which adapter goes with what device.


4368	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My Samsung Infuse phone stopped connecting as USB storage and data transfer, and connected only in charging mode. I thought the problem with the USB port on my phone, but this cable solved this problem and now I can postpone phone change for some time :)
5653	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just bought 2 more packages after already purchasing 2 from a couple years ago. They hold great and good for anyone that wants to keep their entertainment center or even computer area organized. Since I do have a lot of cords, and additional cords I keep stored, these are perfect for organization.
7458	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I was going to buy one of these cases for my new Palm Vx.  It looked great and I figured if it was made by Palm that it would be a good buy to keep my new toy...I mean tool...safe.  Fortunately, I saw one in a store before I  ordered one.  As some of the other reviews have said, it's made out of  cheap plastic with a thin sheet of metal on the front for decoration.  The  hingers are fragile and the spring-loading is weak.  I don't think it's  worth the cost and I've seen them as low as $25.

3883	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This cable works well with my T3i, this best thing is that it is 10ft. long so you don't have to be right next to your tv to review your photos and video....
There's a million uses for these labels and the make your life more organized and better (The bible says God is not a god of chaos - Amen!)
3004	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Surprisingly Win7 did not automatically recognize device and utilize generic or standard driver. Unit requires driver from included mini CD but it still did not work with Win7. Waited to long to try it before I found out it didn't work.
4250	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product!!!
6912	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ii needed this to expand the reach from my laptop that i have connected to the flat screen to the marble mouse and worked fine. Price was good and product is belkin
2069	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My middle schooler uses this when he reads in the car most of the time and likes it.  Stays clipped to his book and provides plenty of light but not too much glare.
431	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You just can't beat the value of this.  Easy installation, works on small and large TVs.
9862	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I went to Staples at first and found their price to be very high.  Since it is "retail packaged" the produce is the same everywhere so I saved buying here
5437	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I expected.
6287	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As described.
other issue is font randomly changing from small to medium in pdf format.
Given that the light itself will last for approx. 100,000 hours, this is a pleasantly portable light that is inexpensive to use and does not require any special tools to install and will fit anywhere.




1910	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well protected case. Obviously the product that it protects is not being made anymore, but it was sturdy and well made.
4938	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the best Dvd cleaners . I use it to clean my Sony Dvd burner head once a week.
6789	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i got it in good time and it worked good i am happy with it dvd and cd cleaner thank you
9185	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	In it's own world, the Rio is great.  Just an MP3 Player with 65 Meg ram.  Needs better headphones, although they feel snug and secure.  Also, it  would have been nice to have a recording feature with built in Mic or Input  for a Lapel Mic.  That would blow minidisk out of the water.  I must say  however that this is the future at its best.  No moving Parts, removable  Smart Media Cards used to expand memory.  The Future of music does not  involve any motors of any kind to spin a disk.  I've allready downloaded a  ton of online books and music, and the quality is great......and remember,  MP3's can be be converted back to a standard .Wav file with just about any  MP3 editor....Try Music Match......A great product David_Carlin@vtel.com
6026	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	this is a sucky hack for a single model of joystick and will not work for the joystick that you have
4205	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for using in cameras and new mobile phones.  Can be used for large storage music files with mobile cell phones.  Excellent value and comes with micro adapter for sd card readers and can be downloaded on most new computers.
5441	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Product
7398	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love these blank cassette tapes they haven't failed me yet. ...
2023	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for use on a machine and it is a great bang for the buck.  I have it hooked to a computer by USB and long cord.  I can direct usable light where I need it so I can see quite well, but theres no back blast of light from using a light that is insanely bright.  Its got a high and low setting but I find that high where it spends most of the time.
PROS
-  Amazon's Android Market: $0.99 (ad-free), with free ad-supported versions available
My top two choices were the Sony E-Reader and the Nook. I would have purchased a Sony e-reader instead but the Sony ereader refreshes on every screen and that doesn't sit well with many of the hacked apps that I wanted to use.
I own a lot of radios (more than 75 at last count).  I listen to this one almost every day (for at least part of the day), so I think that says something.
*Do not pay full price at a retailer for this item! I got mine from the seller in this listing. It was delivered in a simple bubble-envelope with instruction sheet, no maim-shell packaging.
4589	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	easy to install, it works perfect for my 2006 camry and highly recommended
1108	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Reasonable price and straight forward installation.
3535	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Slipped right into my Galaxy 4S and was able to transfer all media from my previous card to this one. Allows me to use my phone without worrying about running out of storage.


4149	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Well I don't use this anymore becuase my nexus devices will not accept it.  It does still work and Its an okay SDHC.  I would buy a class 10 if you're putting this in a phone or a tab.

In both cases I called RCA, sat on hold for some ridiculous amount of time, spoke to someone in technical support who knew nothing about technical support, and was ultimately told it would cost more to repair than to replace.

6412	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	for a short extension to my router to  my ps3 this works great and has highspeed capability . works good for home or office use . And if your like me and use a splitter to your ethernet cable you will need one of these.
9094	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	used it ,worked perfectly and did the job,No problems or recurrence of my problems since used. Thanks
9016	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A great little radio. I used it on my flight from AZ to NH. The FM and AM came in just great. Not sure about the shortwave as I wasn't able to pick up anything. But then again, I didn't really try. I like the small size. Fits in my jacket pocket. A smart looking radio. Price is reasonable.
said "Brother M231 1/2-Inch Black on White Tape for P-Touch Labeler "  I have a "P-Touch" labeler &
I am still happy with my Nook and love my Nook! I have recommended the Nook to friends and family who have also made purchases and are happy with the Nook as well.
*I LOVE the lights on this thing.  You can plug in and know right away if there is AC.
Powerline adapters like this are excellent solutions for two situations in homes that are not wired for Ethernet: 1) your Internet-enabled device has an Ethernet jack but it cannot connect wirelessly, or 2) your house has wireless dead zones that cannot get a good signal from your wireless router (e.g. basements or the far reaches of some homes).  Despite all of Belkin's advertisements proclaiming "up to 200Mbps" connection speeds, I strongly suspect that this is only a theoretical maximum, especially in the environment of residential homes.  With my setup, I average about 25 Mbps to 35 Mbps for both upload and download speeds, but streaming video was still smooth with no re-buffering or latency issues.  Although this compares well with 802.11G, it still falls short of a fast 802.11N connection.  And if your house is already wired throughout with Ethernet, you also do not need these adapters.  But for me, using these powerline adapters is more about flexibility and less about performance.
2520	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It will 'work' for a little while. Mine lasted 3 days before falling apart like the cheap plastic it is. I guess what can you expect for the price...but I thought it'd last longer than 3 days.
2915	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excelent
6107	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a CAT cable and it works - what more can you say?

As with the Moleskine notebooks there is an elastic band on the outside meant to hold the cover shut, which is good especially with the notepad flopping around. Yeah, the notepad does not have a rigid back to it so it sags, especially if you have the cover folded over for one-hand use, as I always did with the M-Edge. A workaround I will try is to use the elastic to help keep the notepad in place. We shall see...
Cons:
5 stars for amazon.com
The only thing which was dissappointing were the two plastic wire holders which are junk (very flimsy, one was broken in the package) and shouldn't be included when simple black wire ties work far better.
GREAT PURCHASE!  I LOVE THIS MONITOR!
137	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love it
5279	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I recently recieved this item. The reception is about the same as my Grundig s350. I took off 1 star  because on fm I cant get 103 cleary but my grundig can get it better. Is it because the antena is too small? Or is it that I need to modify it??? The am reception is good. The sound is better than the grundig s350!!! Over all the radio is good.
471	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice quality still works great... very happy with this purchase... need to add 10 more words.. so what can I say its a wall mount that I haven't had any problems with
4794	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Worked fine.
3209	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works as expected
Great balance of size, not large nor small like a 7" tablet
(3)  Should you try to tune to the same station using multiple IIIs at the same time (as I do), there's a noticeable variation between IIIs in where on the dial that same station appears.
3117	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I thought I could use something like this to enhance the tiny pin hole mic on my tablet but this thing is actually worse.  When doing a test recording the pin hole mic on the tablet was 5-6 times as loud during playback and the fidelity of the sound was higher from the built in tablet mic.  About the only way to could get anything to even register was to speak directly into the holes on this mic from an inch away.
I would recommend this camera.
The construction of the Moleskine cover is very good, with rigid front and back panels and ample folding space.  You can clip a pen to the spine and not feel like you're squeezing it in.  A pen is not included.
5973	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cord works great. It's good quality and I have had no issues with it.  I would recommend purchasing it.
704	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the second VideoSecu product I have ordered. They are rock-solid, and with the range of fasteners and extra hardware they include in the package, it's hard to imagine any speaker or TV that these systems won't fit.
191	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT!

As far as use, I was out in the sun and reading with no problem. So many e reads and tablets are currently on the market. This nook still works for me and still performs and amazes me. There is still so much to learn with the Nook I currently own. If you are looking for a great affordable e reader. Don't over look Nook.  Good luck with your decision.
9123	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	didn't work
236	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As you might expect from the title (and the cover) this is a lighter collection...the tie that binds the three novellas together is a vampire named Angelina.  She meddles (in a good way) in the romantic lives of two other couples--the stories that make up the first two stories.  The first one is the lightest, the second one gets a little more serious as it involves the involuntary changing of a man with a terminal illness.  The third story is one for Angelina herself, and it is the most serious (in an obvious "It's a Wonderful Life" sort of way).
3543	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Took a while but all good!
9172	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As expected
4901	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good sounding quality, but could be improved in instrumental clarity.  However, it is one of my best choices, overall.  Thanks!
3336	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Lightning fast shipping! Great prices

6696	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Decent quality standard type USB extension cable. The picture is indeed wrong. This has the regular size USB male/female connectors.
1786	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It was a good book and right along the lines of all of the other books by Ava Miles.  Interesting and I've been following the story of all the people in Dare Valley and Dale River.  I think I liked the others much better, but it was an interesting read.
'SCSI Controllers'; 'Iomega Parallel Port Interface'; 'Properties'; 'Settings'

Because it is also an LED it has a real small power consumption.  My wife has had this reading light for 4 months now and will read with it almost every night, and still hasn't needed to change the AAA batteries that came with the light.

4374	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought a set of these for my daughter a year ago.  She has hardwood floors, and when her pit bull went up and down the stairs, she'd slip around, and make noise!  These work great, and a year later look pretty good, too, despite the high traffic area they're in
9424	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
* Awesome touchscreen

Then, to add insult to injury, I am unable to return the product to Amazon because it falls into a category of "hazardous material."
PFD files can be loaded but these are not re-sized, so that type is pretty small and hard to read.  I can't read them, and I have reasonably good near vision.  If you are young with perfect vision you might be able to read for a while until your eyes get tired.  PDF don't work well on this device.
5805	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works well

5392	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price, good product.
The handheld configuration is great too. The range I have gotten using the rubber ducky antenna has been good. The battery life is amazing! I'm still using the first set of batteries I put in it when I got it! It takes two less batteries than the competing Cobra handheld CB, and lasts longer (in my experience) than the Cobra my friend has.
2721	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	needed it and love it
3981	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
6464	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I know it's a silly thing to say about a cable, but I love the color of it! It's difficult to get to the release latch to unplug the cable when it's hooked into the back of a 360, but otherwise it's just what I was looking for. It works fine for System Link, as long as your monitors are close enough together. :)
3019	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works fine to play DVDs.  Haven't used it in other applications yet.  As others have said you have to download a media player if you have Windows 8.  I used VLC media free download.


You should set the Printer Port as EPP or ECP.
8285	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great for birdwatching, but a bit challenging to get the two oculars to be exactly in focal sync. I love them, though.

485	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have a very early model 42in flatscreen. The specs say the TV weighs in at 52lbs, i also have my soundbar mounted below the tv so thats another 5lbs or so on the mount. I'm pushing the limits of the mount with damn near 60lbs which the mount claims to support and so far it is. The arm does flex a good amount right at the middle connection but doesnt seem to be failing.

7423	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought a pair of these for a Wednesday-to-Friday trip to Disneyland in May 2000. I felt it would be a good "acid test" since there might be enough interference from other FRS radios and all the structures at the  park. The TalkAbout performed surprisingly well; but I also realized that  it lacked some features which I needed. Here's my best breakdown of the  issues. RANGE: Exceeded my expectations. I was able to get a clear  reception from outside the Candy Cane Inn (Harbour and Katella) to the area  just outside Small World. I haven't calculated the distance but I think  it's about 0.5 miles (you may want to check this). We got a bit of static  from the Disneyland Hotel monorail station to the Matterhorn. CLARITY: I  can't really compare this model to other FRS radios (haven't tried them)  but the only time we had problems understanding one another was when we  would get "stepped-on" by less-considerate FRS-users on the same  channel and code. The CTCSS codes (aka "privacy codes") were  effective in squelching out other transmissions. I recall only receiving  two calls from other parties on Friday when the park was really crowded.  The microphone was remarkably sensitive. I had the unit clipped to my  camera bag strap which ran across my chest (about 5-6 inches under my chin)  and was able to talk normally while depressing the transmit button with my  index finger. POWER CONSUMPTION: The Kirkland (Costco) alkalines lasted  about 29 hours until early Friday. (Yes. You turn them on and leave them on  in standby mode.) The battery power indicator was helpful. We probably  spent 20% of our time transmitting and the rest on standby. STURDINESS: I  dropped one on the concrete and it landed on its bottom. It was fine. The  antenna and case are ruggedized but likely not indestructible. EASE OF USE:  Even the technically-challenged members of our party had no problem  "guessing" how the controls worked. Motorola's button layout is  one of the better ones (but I could imagine having some problems with the  smaller buttons if you were skiing and had gloves). PROBLEMS: The only  problem we had was that there was a lot of channel congestion on Friday at  the park. The park can swell up to 77k guests in a day so the 532  combinations can get used up fast. SUMMARY AND WISHLIST: Am happy overall  but I think I'll be returning these to get a more expensive unit which  vibrates when receiving incoming calls (for those more quiet environments).  I'd also prefer a real splash-resistant unit if I was out on a rainy day. I  don't think I need a smaller palm-sized unit as this size fit me just fine.  The TalkAbout performed well enough that other members of our group decided  to buy FRS radios for themselves in preparation for the next family reunion  at the mouse-house. We also found these useful for exchanging driving  directions when leaving the park for some fancy restaurants in Orange  County.
3807	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have an older (2009) Canon camcorder. I believe it was the HF200, that uses flash memory. Anyway, I couldn't find an HDMI cable that I could plug directly into my Samsung 55 in led tv. This works perfect. Honestly I don't use the canon much but when I do I want to see it in HD on my big screen. Shipping was extremely fast. Thanks!
1765	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good read
5316	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good
4965	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wasn't able to find one of these in local outlets.  I have a bunch of VCR tapes I want to convert to digital, but my VHS player had given me a "Clean heads" message, and I had noticed more than usual static when I was playing the videos.  This cleared that problem up. ( The "wet" media in the package appears to be isopropyl alcohol, which I will use when the small bottle runs out.)
This was a really good story! I fell in love with Tory and Rye and their story was surprisingly good and a freebie to boot (and it's still free on Amazon).
1728	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Get the new one because your class will need the latest edition.
3075	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As others have indicated, this product arrives without any paperwork or instructions, but it really does work "right out of the box"! I just plugged it into the usb ports and put a disk in, and it worked right away! It has always worked and never given me any trouble. It behaves as if it was already part of the computer. I don't often burn disks, so I don't know if it does that or not, but this product seems to be ever so kind to the computer novice. The only complaints I've read are from those who try to run it with Windows 7 Starter. Starter can't even put wallpaper on a desk top, so what ever gave you the idea it would run a plug-in device? Even better, how can you expect to be taken seriously when you tell us that you're running Starter by choice?
FOR AUDIOBOOKS:
1673	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	When his stellar career as a police negotiator went down the tubes under unexplained circumstances, Jack Nightingale switched to catching cheating spouses in his new occupation as a private investigator.  Barely making enough to scrape by and keep himself in cigarettes, he is dumbfounded to learn that he has inherited a huge mansion from a man claiming to be his father, and although the property is heavily in debt, he finds a secret stash of creepy but priceless books dealing with witchcraft and Satanism.
I have also used a Samsung 32g class 10 card with the phone.  For phone mounted use, you won't notice a difference between this card and the class 10 Samsung.  The only time I noticed a difference is when downloading pictures or video externally.
9380	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far I have not had problems with any of these cartridges,  I have not found a generic alternative to the company's expensive products, but when I do I will change.  These things are just too expensive for what they are.
Great product.
5504	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've never used the product. I'm just giving it four stars.
5167	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I use the RC926 to add an extra phone jack for my DirecTivos and standalone DirecTV receiver.  All three receivers are split off from the extension jack and I have never had a problem with the units making the required service data call.
91	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly, better than the original cable.
But if all you want is the best AM reception and great FM sound at a reasonable price, the matter is simple and clear - get a Superadio III.
Ultimately, it's $10 so there's not really anything to complain!
They both do the job.  In fact, I slightly prefer the Nook to the Kindle in terms of form, ease of reading, and the presence of a physical button.
The Nook also has Enhanced Editions with audio and video clips embedded in the text.  Some of the old books are also Enhanced.  Changes because of misprints or other errors in the original are underlined.  You touch them, and can see what the original had. One of my Nook Books is a collection of Kafka.  You touch underlined passages and up pops a picture of the street Kafka has mentioned, or of a notable person he's alluded to.  In general, eBooks are superior to paper if they are on a Tablet with access to the Web.  You read in more depth, and can envision what the author is writing about without interrupting your reading experience. The Nook's connection to the Web is as fast as your wifi and is accessible with two clicks: Look up and Google (or Wikipedia).
A  classic problem in the field of computer science is the knapsack problem.  The knapsack can store only some many units and given a selection of  different-sized units, the problem is to optimize how much you place into  the sack. The limited memory of the Diamond is the knapsack. Your MP3s are  the items you place into the knapsack. Unfortunately, when placing MP3s  onto the memory cards, you have to select which card the MP3 is stored upon  - either the onboard memory or the expansion. The AudioManager does not  optimize for you. Leaving you to figure out how to best use every megabyte  on your Rio. This lack of optimization is exceptionally tedious.

7874	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love it and plan to order more in the future for other areas of my home. Personally I like the colors and it does not look like an old drab socket outlet you might see in an outside workshop. It functions well and the on/off switch is easy to use.
When the iPad is nearly charged, the current flow drops and it no longer gets too hot.
987	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say; its a MicroSD storage card. However it is a good one. Pretty fast I would say. I would recommend it to others. Provided my tablet with the extra storage for music, videos, picture that I needed so I can't complain. Just a word of advice try and catch it on sale.
9263	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Brother TZ tapes are the most reliable and durable label tapes we've used.  Generic ones just don't cut it.

The original charger that did finally break was because of the area where it plugs into the system though, which is where everyone is having problems. So I will not deny that this seems to be an issue. For that it loses a star, but because I personally haven't had any major problems with them I will still give it 4 stars.


The level of light given off is awesome too. Buying as gifts.
3120	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fine

Next getting the software to work was another challange. despite having a fast machine with a lot of RAM, I found the Movie Star program to be very unstable. I was able to capture up to 60 minutes of video and save it to the MPEG format, but everytime I tried to edit or export the video as Windows Media or Real, it crashed the machine. I downloaded a copy of Ulead's Video Studio, but couldn't figure out how to import MPEG files. I finally bit the bullet and wound up downloading a free 30-day trial of Adobe Premier. I found Premier to be a very stable and easy to use program. I just wish it didn't cost [so much!]

9265	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice tape with limited application. If you want to label a light colored, smooth surface with minimum change to the apperance of the item, this is the tape to use. It would, however, be very difficult to read the black print on a dark surface.
5669	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works real good keeps things working good



3225	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Picked these up to use along with some "Mini SAS 36 SFF-8087 to (4) SFF-8482 Connectors With SATA Power" for use in connecting 3x 3.5in HDDs to my HP Proliant DL380 G6 server that I had accidentally purchased. The server is configured to use 2.5in HDDs and due to using a hard-drive backplane there are no cables to route out of the front.
9886	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is what it is. It works but when removing the tape months later, it seems to leave residues. I had no problems other wise.
Other os x books that have helped me switch back from Windows are: Iwork 09 portable genius for Pages and Numbers&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iWork-09-Portable-Genius/dp/0470475420/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iWork '09 Portable Genius</a>; Iphoto 11 missing manual (but I am buying Jim Heid's iphoto 11 for review)&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/iPhoto-11-The-Macintosh-iLife-Guide-to-using-iPhoto-with-OS-X-Lion-and-iCloud/dp/0321819519/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">iPhoto '11: The Macintosh iLife Guide to using iPhoto with OS X Lion and iCloud</a>; ipod missing manual which covers the touch.
Personally I think the tuning and volume pods are smooth and fairly precise compared to what others have found.  I am amased that this unit gets the job done for $40.00.
Overall, it's a great mount. Highly recommended.
1. Documentation is terrible. You'll be hard pressed to find even the most basic instructions in the manual.
5055	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	First impressions: felt durable right out of the box with some decent instructions.  The radio "feels" waterproof, or as the product description says "water resistant."  Put some batteries (not included) in it and hung it up.  The antenna is a little unsightly, but hey, it's in a shower.  The acoustics in my shower are pretty bad, so the weather channel is pretty much useless because I can't make out what is being reported.

6080	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good price and good product
969	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great!
1268	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	First let me qualify my comments.  If you are looking for an all purpose ePad or IPAD alternative, buy another product!  That's clearly not what Barnes and Noble designed this unit for.  It's not intended to surf the web, check email, etc.  It is an eReader...PERIOD!
All in all, it was a fun read and I would definitely recommend the book.
2236	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	WORKS AS DESCRIBED .. OWNED 3 YEARS NOW AND WORKS WELL.. NO COMPLAINTS HERE.  GREAT PRODUCT AT AN EXCELLENT PRICE
What I don't think:
6177	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cable worked properly and received it within 2 days so overall a great purchase!! I would recommend this to anybody who needs a cable!


7712	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	TDK 4 Pack T-120 VHS Video Tape, Standard Grade, by TDK.
7729	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is one powerful strip. The materials are very strong. The only reason i gave it 4 starts is because i feel like this would have been a god strip if they added a use slot charger slot. So if you are wondering if you should get this or not, i say don't over think it and buy it its great.

The formatting was excellent.
that his father sold Jack's soul to the devil before his birth,
3969	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable works well for connecting our camcorder directly to the TV.  It's long enough to allow me to sit a comfortable distance from the TV while using the controls on my camcorder.  The connectors on the ends are not bulky, and the cable is not unnecessarily stiff.  I can coil it up small enough to tuck into the camera bag while we're on the go.  We'll see how long it lasts, but it's working great for now.
I mostly like it, I wanted to like it, not just because I spent a bunch of bucks on it, and it has lots of features I could have explored. I now know, though, that I can't trust it. The more I would have done with it, the more time, effort, data, and possibly expense would have been at risk. No, thanks. I'll use it in limited ways, but nowhere near how it was meant to be used.

I can understand this happening once but with so many complaints about the same issue, and me getting the same issue, this seller is clearly engaging in false advertising and judging by how far this goes back, they most likely know about it and choose to do nothing about it. (seems amazon does not list the most recent reviews under the product description)
8503	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	these speakers are great, great sound from a cheap sound card, full sound and power.

694	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was exactly what I was looking for, a economical way to mount a 32 inch tv in our bedroom high on wall under tray ceiling.  It is heavy and I had a little trouble marking the holes to drill.  My mistake was not following advice to plum both holes, so after I bolted to wall it looked plum but after I mounted tv to bracket it was slightly off balance, not a big dealto correct except 6 toggle bolts are very hard to screw in with socket.  Overall, I am very happy with this, a lot of options to move tv.  HDMI cable big bonus.  Looks great too, esp with cover.  The only negative was to tilt it up or down you need to loosen 3 bolts and the supplied hex wrench too big to adjust one of the bolts so I actually had to purchase new wrench since I did not have any and adjustable wrench will not fit inside very small space for adjustment.  It takes two people to properly install this and tv.  I recommend this if you have a 32 inch Dynex.
9946	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love Brother label-makers--they are the easiest to use.  This standard tape is good and has lasted me a long time.  Will not stick on large plastic containers very well, but does fine on smaller containers for holding sugar, coffee, decaf, flour, etc.
1539	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great device! I had a previous Nook and a Sony ereader. Definitely the improvements are very welcome
3779	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good for tv connect
6059	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Shorter than i thought
1362	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Having all the iPad models, 9 different Android models, I can say this tablet overall is a bit disappointing. I realize for those that have come from old hardware or new to tablets might believe this is a bit harsh, but keep in mind this is more of a comparison to other options available out there. Granted there are price differences and for price alone, this is a decent deal.
Remote features are  excellent, allowing for more tricks than you'll use. Chose this after too  many negative reviews of low price Sony models (I'm sure everything is  fixed, but I wasn't going to take a chance over the holidays). Wasn't a  Toshiba fan before this purchase (simple Sony prejudice) but now I'm  willing to spend the big bucks on one of their large TV's. You'll enjoy  this player and its price.
9198	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Sony DVD-S550 is a great buy for first and second time DVD player buyers alike. It offers a tremendous combination of features and performance at a very reasonable price.  I had a year and a half old Panasonic DVD player that decided to stop working and I realize now that it  really did me a favor.  Seeing and hearing movies on this Sony has really  opened my eyes and ears to all that DVDs can offer. I mention ears because  as amazing as the video quality is, the sound quality is what really blows  me away (and you don't need a humongous sound system to appreciate it). You  will not be disappointed by this product! It provides very near the quality  level of the Sony Reference DVD-S7700 (at half the price) and features  (inc. a jog dial remote) that put it over the Sony DVD-S530 (at least in my  book).
I loved my Nook and was building an e-library for it, but then a software update wiped out all of my bookmarks, notes and highlights.  I assumed that this was a glitch and contacted customer service about how to prevent that in the future, only to be informed that every time there is an update, all of these things would be wiped out and, to make it worse, there is no way to back them up in any way.  When I fold a page corner, underline something or write something in a hard copy book, it will still be there 20 years from now.  With the Nook, bookmarks, notes and highlights are completely ephemeral.  Personally I feel deceived and think that advertising bookmark, note and highlight capabilities without making it clear that they will only last until the next software update is false advertising.


222	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are completely classic and high quality. I bought a couple of these to put in a welcome basket for out of town guests. They were a hit.
6488	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	still working - and the price was alright - what more can you ask from a cable after all eh

8. It would be much easier to get psyched for work if you could listen to some good NPR Morning Edition while getting clean
6568	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product, Great Price, & Fast Shipping!
4873	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Maxell has always been a good brand of vhs tape and this did not disappoint me. I like it alot.
7612	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this is my home office and am very pleased with it. My computer is in the center of my office, so I needed a power strip that would reach it. This one does the trick.
Suspenseful but also an easy read that drew me in and kept me glued to the book when I should have doing other things.  I sat down for a half hour's read and looked up hours later thinking I would just read one more chapter.
4692	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Worked like a champ in cleaning heads in an old VCR, hard to find these in stores now!

9293	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cartridge is by far the best for all your printing needs. The inner tape is thick and clearly sticks to any paper material when the peel off seal is removed. Brother has a nice line of cartridges in various colors so enjoy their products.
5. Full sound to overcome shower noise.
4042	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well. Holds alot of songs.
4225	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am using it in Blackberry Bold.  The phone accepts the microSDHC and recognizes the card.  Make sure you press it all the way in until it clicks in the phone. I have not used the adapter.
5185	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this unit, however it did not work. I called the helpline number (800) 409-5111 and got no help. All I got was a recorded message telling me how to troubleshoot the device, with no real person to talk to.

5606	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great rechargeable lantern, seems to actually provide the listed  1700 lumens . Comes with car charging cord and  transformer, so you can  charge it conveniently from your car or from the mains. Flashing LED indicates charging/charged/LowCharge. Swivel base lets you aim it any direction, including up.
I read all these reviews saying that the black and white was like paper, easiest to read.  It's not anything like a paper book, it's far less "bright" when it comes to reading.  Don't get me wrong, I love ebooks.  I haven't read a paper book in a year.  It is just that even in regular light it is not as easy to see for me.  You absolutely can read it without a light during the day, but it is not nearly as crisp or easy as it would be with a paper book.  I have a clip on light, and with that it's perfect at night.  I'm able to read in bed and not disturb my husband, if one wants a black and white reader as close to paper as you can get--I'm just not sure this is what one would expect.
4416	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good inexpensive HDMI cable
The 64gig mcsd cards works well and works in units that only advertise they accept a 32g card, trust me 90% of the time the class 10 card (FAT 32 format) will work just fine, plug and play.

1792	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome story and superbly written. It was hard to put the book down. The story moved fast and the characters were very well developed. Ava Miles is an excellent author and to that end I've purchased the next book in the series and I will likely start purchasing the rest.
The best thing about the Nook is that it is rootable.  It only uses Android 2.1, so functionality is obviously limited, but once rooted, it can still read all Nook ebooks, plus you can install the Kindle app on it to read Kindle ebooks as well!  That's the best of both worlds, if you have separate books on your Nook or Amazon accounts and want to combine them all together in one device.  You can use a rooted Nook to access the internet via wifi, but keep in mind it uses e-ink, so it will be sluggish, even with Opera Browser installed.  Better to just use the Nook for reading books.
6490	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is not a replacement for the adapter that comes with some devices such as the sidewinder precision pro joystick.  It will not work as shipped.  The devices that came with the microsoft adapter have usb support built in.  The adapter allows the game port to plug into a usb port and trigger usb output.  This is accomplished by shorting pins 2 and 7.  This device does not have  pins 2 and 7 shorted. So, if you have a device that originally came with an adapter and you are willing to try to modify this adapter go ahead and get it. As the adapter does not come apart easily, good luck.  I ended up jumping the pins outside of the adapter.  Last point.  There are no drivers for the adapter.  The os recognizes the device,ie joystick.  Both win xp and 7 recognized my usb compatible sidewinder precision pro joystick after jumping pins 2 and 7.

I cannot say anything about the battery life yet, but overall I'm very satisfied with the radio.
8595	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was very skeptical about the whole "ergonomic" thing when I purchased this keyboard; I thought it was just marketing hype. It took a little to get used to but it really is more comfortable. I can type roughly 5wpm faster and my wrists feel much more comfortable. The only significant things I warn about are the different key configurations. Some people (mostly gamers) just can't live without the traditional "inverted-T" arrow key configuration. Also check out the augmented HOME END DEL etc block and the function key configuration that I'm still getting used to after six months. Again, it will take a little while to get used to, but after the initial breaking in period I'd bet 90% of people would love this keyboard. (...)
7357	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My favorite brand
Hard to find in stores and if you do find it expect to pay 2-3 times the price.
8921	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very sturdy, Just what I needed since my PC does not like to "go wireless" all the time. I just keep it plugged in with this chord and all is good. And when my MAC has issues with wireless, I can give it a turn.
3213	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Needed them for some old PC's to use new keyboards.
4740	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
6031	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just what my husband wanted
7607	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good
215	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is just a small little album but it is awesome. I love it. It looks like a camera lens. It looks old. It is easy to carry with you and holds just the right number of pictures to show off.
1777	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very enjoyable.  Ava Miles is going to go far.
1322	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought a Nook during one of my visits to Tampa, more specifically at the Wiregrass Shops. I must admit that I was tremendously excited when I got the device, because of the reviews and also the SD card capability.
Cleaned the reader and not having any additional issues. Nothing more than a little dust.
6041	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Functional
They also did not work in the R4 chip for the Nintendo DS.

1778	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	surprisingly good.  predictable HEA but with twists to get there.  like others have reviewed, one question remained un-answered which was disappointing, but it did not distract from the main story.
* This device only supports LPR with a queue of lp1. A little weird, but I didn't have too much trouble setting it up with Mac OS X.
8873	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well as intended.  No need to shell out extra money.
2141	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this in reaction to my lighted Kindle cover. After 6 months, the cover started acting up. Sometimes it would illuminate and sometimes not. This light is far more dependable. It provides good illumination, is compact, and runs on 1 AAA battery. While the battery lasts for about 24 hours, I purchased rechargeable batteries which are more cost effective and work extremely well.
2900	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product thanks!
729	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Perhaps I misunderstood how to install the mount, but I:
7888	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good
* My computer's drive can now burn a music CD at full speed and make a product which is playable on the same drive. Before cleaning, I had to reduce writing speed from "fastest" to "medium" to burn readable disks.
7875	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Looks good and lets you know if your outlet is good or if there is a problem.
-- It's 1.375 inches in thickness with iPad loaded (that's almost an inch and a half)
Clean looking solid build, beat the shat out of  my bedroom unit (payed twice as much)
500	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It took about 10 mins to install this TV Wall Mount with a 48 inch Samsung TV.  It does the job, there are much more expensive arms, but this does the trick.
2123	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little LED book light.  Easy to use and clip on to things.  The on/off switch is on the light head.
You put the CD in the player, in my case a 5 CD changer, and hit play. It then plays a little music and talks to you! When it's done cleaning your CD player lens it tells you and lets you continue for a sound system check - basically makes sure your speakers are hooked to the right channels. I was glad to hear that mine were indeed hooked up correctly.
There is only Velcro on part of the strip, so I don't know how long the tie would last if  you were tying and untying it all the time.  What I have found, is that if I just tie something up and leave the cable types alone, these work great.
7419	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I always order these cassettes online. Although people now use CD's, I give a taped session to my clients as a courtesy so I don't have to deal with burning CD's. Buying online is less expensive and easier to find. Saves me the trouble of locating a store that still carries them. Usually one Walgreen's that I know of has them but its hit or miss.
8655	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works very well. I like the clip that one can use to clip it on your lapel.
6427	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've bought 5 of these and have never had an issue with any of them.  I use these as phone charger extensions and they work fine with iPhone 6 so long as there isn't a certification issue with your lightning charger.  These are durable and long.  Very good quality for a great price.
5585	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I DID LIKE THE STRAPS BY THEIR QUALITY AND SPECIALLY THE COLORS ARE VERY GOOD TO SEPARATE YOUR STUFF AND ALSO THE PRICE WAS  IT WAS NOT HIGH
I like this material because I can peel it back off a piece of equipment without leaving a bunch of sticky residue. I also like how tiny I can print on this tape and yet it stays readable.
Author of the Jefferson Airplane book "Take Me To A Circus Tent"
5791	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this!  It cleaned up my disc drive on my 5 year old imac, which had been making a funny whirring noise for some time, and Apple told me to bring it in for repairs.  I decided to try this first, and I'm so glad I did.  I had some trouble with reading the instructions.  They are not very clear.  So I called technical support, and they were wonderful.  It did exactly what it was supposed to do very well!  I just followed step 1 and 3 and that took about 10 seconds.  It's a great product...


556	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a 22" TV for my son. I mounted this onto the corner stud and it works great! I love the angles it can achieve. Fees Very sturdy and well built. It works perfect for my application. Very happy with this purchase!
8230	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The item was as advertised.  Shipping was very timely.  Ptoduct installed and working properly.
------------
Buy a switch instead!!
1538	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	appears and works as described....received promptly.  When Kindle was defective, returned it and ordered this....It has
6629	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	CD/DVD FastWipes they are very good,they do an fantastic job.
7551	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed. I will be purchasing more of these. Long cable with the standard wall plug-in (no right-angle here) which is exactly what I wanted.
4381	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Wife wanted this, she wanted to light up some plants in front of the house, it did what she wanted so that is all there is to say
2284	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!!! Great price,  fast delivery!!!!
This thing is well built, and it does the job.  It's not fancy but if you are just looking for an inexpensive way to hang a monitor (TV or PC) on the wall this will do the job.  It comes with a nice bag of heavy-duty hardware.  It is primarily designed for mounting TV sets, but you can get it to work with a PC monitor, as long as it has the VESA mounting.
6738	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are very good cleaning clothes and they work very well on my CDs amd DVDs.  I've used them a few times now and they work very well.
-  BN Market: $2.99, $3.95.

The Volant notepads have black covers and off-white pages. Almost too nice to doodle or rough-draft upon. But, this is the purpose of these pads, to be used. Once the pad is slid into the pocket on the left there is room to clip a pen into the pocket. A loop for a pen sewn along the inside spine might be better in the long run.

None
8987	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked
9482	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
7939	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Its a cable and does exactly what you'd expect. What more do you need to know
6710	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Device itself is well made. However, it does not do as I expected, i.e., convert MS Force Feedback Joystick to USB for XP Pro. And neither, by the way, does the twice as expensive one from Radio Shack.

2354	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
For my purposes these are not ideal and if you are use to wearing the walkie unit on your belt line then don't purchase these.
Opening the package, I instantly noticed the cheap materials this product was made from.  The cord was too thin, the battery compartment had a snap closure that poorly fit, and the fabric over the cans was misaligned and had over-cut hanging out.
GREAT LITTLE TRIPOD!
1456	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	in my honest opinion nook is unfinished product.
Also the color issue, I had that backwards.  The green channel is way too high on this monitor.  You have to turn the green channels to max and lower the other channels to match other higher quality monitors to this one.  (I still can't match the white mix, close enough seems to be about +50 green to match HP and Dell)
5156	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great find since my camcorder is ancient. Excellent product.
1069	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this is the perfect partner for my new Samsung Galaxy s3 phone!!! works perfectly, it is a must to have, since the Galaxy s3 support SD cards up to 64 GB!!!
1330	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the most fantastic device imaginable. It has traveled to England, Scotland, Turkey, Egypt and Qatar and has even taken a cruise! It has traveled around in a purse, a briefcase and a carryon. It has downloaded books in PDF as well as the e-pub format, from Barnes & Noble as well as other suppliers. It has borrowed and loaned books. It also gets automatic software updates and even accesses the web to check e-mail or the latest news. This is one device that will never disappoint.
4678	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was pretty skeptical that this item would produce acceptable output through my Honda CR-V's cassette player when connected to a Sansa Fuze.  However, I was pleasantly surprised -- not only that the sound was acceptable, but it is actually quite good!  As a professional MIDI musician, I'm pretty demanding in what I consider "good"; this Maxell adapter far exceeds what I was expecting from this type of technology.
5252	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
5179	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	These worked OK for a while, then they died.  Reset button and repeated attempts to connect failed.
1165	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I lost my original Nook so looked at Barnes & Noble for a replacement. Now they don't stock this model, so bought it here. It has an SD card slot which I wanted & the newer model from B&N doesn't have.
8465	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is one of the best portable radios out there. It has great shortwave reception! The F.M. and A.M. both have great sensitivity and selectivity; the ability to pull in weak stations next to strong ones. The only reason I don't give this radio 5 stars is because of the telescoping antenna. I've been through 5 radios because the antenna becomes lose and breaks after a long period of use. Other than that this would be a perfect radio.

1452	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought a Nook Tablet based on the principle that it was much more than an eReader and was backed by an upstanding company in Barnes & Noble.
5524	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed to connect the 'ol Xbox to the router.  The grey color beats having electric blue glowing on the floor.  Did take a bit longer to ship than I would have expected..and the box was beat up quite a bit once it arrived.  Item was in fine condition however.
2555	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this appears to be a good solid product. I have used it about 5 times and it appeared to work fine
9548	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Happy to find ribbon for my brother label maker..
549	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We needed a wall mount for a 32 TV that was going to be in the screened in porch.  This was one of the brands recommended by the guy that was going to install out wall mount.  I cant speak to the ease or difficulty of installation but it looks great and we can swivel it if necessary for best viewing angle.  It's also pretty sleek so it doesn't butt out too much.  It arrived quickly and it didn't take the installer long but of course he was a professional.  Looks great!
3092	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Prompt delivery. Great product. Very satisfied.
8372	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Was heading to bed and decided to try the headphones that I received yesterday. I played my keyboard for 2 hrs. I only planned on checking out the headphones but sound was so good it kept me going.  Great sound,  I love them !!!!! I would definitely recommend these.
6985	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The cable I received is not a Belkin cable.  It is a cheap no name cable. The picture is of a gray cable with the Belkin name molded in the plastic ends.  I received a cheap thin plain black cable in a clear plastic bag with the made in china sticker. It was sold by "marginmart inc" and fulfilled by amazon.  I feel I was lied to and ripped off.
I used to have a Kindle 3. It was great. It made reading a pleasure however there were a couple of things I would have liked to change. I wished that it had a touch screen and that it was smaller.
2599	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is great. I got one then went and ordered another.  Fits any usb and fits into any little spot to keep in the car.
The bad--just about everything:

This is a great book and I highly recommend it.
You can purchase this cable secure in the knowledge that you're going to get a quality product.
SECOND problem--- the power supply on this monitor is an abysmal piece of junk. The part that plugs into the monitor will wear out eventually (from seemingly doing nothing but sitting there with the cable plugged into it) and you'll find that it fits really loosely. It is NOT hard to bump the cord and yank the plug out.
7889	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Has kept me outof trouble.
1350	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	horribly built-in operating system and the cynegenmod is very unstable.  ok for watching moves though.
Partly due to the 3 or 4 page chapters, the non stop twists and action; and partly because it was so fascinating as well as entertaining.
847	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good price
310	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works perfectly with my 65" Vizio.

9480	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought these to replace the tape I used up when I borrowed a friend's labeler.  Makes nice looking labels - very clear and straight.  Soooooo...what else does one say about labeling tape?  It does what it's supposed to do.
-Tilt TV Mount: for stationary TVs up to 65 inches.
6785	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Atape is a tape and it works great.  Time to consideer buying more
4570	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised
The quality of NetGear equipment has always impressed me:
3074	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this beause the DVD drive in my laptop stopped working. This thing works great for a very decent price. What's really nice is that it works with my Apple Mac Mini I just purchased. The mini doesn't have an internal CD/DVD. I was told I would need to buy an Apple CD/DVD drive. I just thought I'd try this and I'm glad I did. It works great on my Apple as well, without having to load any drivers. If you're looking for an external CD/DVD at a very reasonable price, this unit does the job.
13	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This remote, for whatever reason, was chosen by Time Warner to replace their previous silver remote, the Time Warner Synergy V RC-U62CP-1.12S.  The actual function of this CLIKR-5 is OK, but the ergonomic design sets back remotes by 20 years.  The buttons are all the same, there's no separation of the number buttons, the volume and channel buttons are the same shape as the other buttons on the remote, and it all adds up to a crappy user experience.  Why would TWC accept this as a replacement?  This remote is virtually impossible to pick up and use without staring at it to make sure where your fingers are.  Heck, you have to feel around just to figure out if you've grabbed it by the top or bottom, since there's no articulation in the body of the thing to tell you which end is up.  Horrible, just horrible design.  I'm skipping this and paying double for a refurbished Synergy V.
3024	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	old stuff soft ware for  Windows '98'  nice little unit but will not load, have to find up date drivers???  no name any where on produckt to say manufacture. oh well . at least it was cheep.
4541	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Second one was just inadequate, after the first one was a defect out of the box.  Used some YouTube instructions on how to conduct a proper cleaning, which solved the problem.
2733	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect size and it was exactly what I needed.  It was also 1/5 the price of what the nearby shack chain wanted!  With free shipping, how could I pass it up?  BTW - I did not know that the missing pin 9 is normal for almost all null modem adapters.  A nice reply from the seller and some follow-up research confirmed it, so don't let it scare you when you see it!
1273	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I will continue to update this review as I discover new features of the Nook, so stay tuned folks!
-Easily transfer books from your library from device to device (any Nook device or device with a Nook App)
1189	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a sold update to the older nook, but gez you have to hit the webs just to find out you need to charge it OVERNIGHT in a WALL PLUG only before first usage AND that it MUST be turned on before trying to connect to windows.  Now knowing these two VERY IMPORTANT points, I can enjoy my "Nook 2".
Perfect

I'm very happy, but took one star for the miscut piece.

great product! cheaap tooo
8091	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Solid, well built product.  Does the job.
7892	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good, ling wire.

> Built-in full-size USB plug is nominally a plus, but most computer USB connectors are recessed, which means you need a short USB extension cord anyway.
The only piece of this you need is the metal part which is at the opposite end of the cable you plug into your ipod or other device.  The rest of the internals I suppose were constructed with too much resistance which causes my tape deck to think it has reached the end of the tape and it is time to switch sides.  For less than $10, I don't mind doing this adjustment, but it makes me wonder why it is designed and built so poorly to begin with, and they add parts which are unnecessary and cause the unit to not work!
388	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had to improvise by using more washers to mount my modern flat screen TV to it.  The screws are too long for
Marantz is head and shoulders above the rest in this crowded genre. His eccentric humor and crystal clear prose are what you might get if you crossed Jasper Fford with Michael Chabon. His energetic writing pulls you by the collar through a tangled plot that he deftly untwists. Val Virgo, failed country singer and indifferent talk-show host, is as unforgettable as that screwball friend who used to crack you up in school. Marantz creates heroes who are flawed and bad guys have good parts, and you end up believing them all.

1811	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Country Heaven is book 1 in the Dare River series by Ava Miles. I simply loved this book.  It is adventurous, has a mystery, loads of romance, and lots of family interaction and forgiveness.
698	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very simple set up and ease of installation. I followed the advice of another reviewer and removed the top hex-screw of one of the center connections (thus disconnecting the wall plate from the plate attached to the TV)so that I could install the plate to the wall and the plate to the back of the TV as separate processes. Both simple and quite easy. Then it was simply a matter of slipping the two back together and re-installing the hex-screw. I was able to install a 32" RCA TV, without any help in less than 20 minutes.
163	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works just like it says. Great for streaming movies while on vacation!
252	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Mary Bridget Washburn is tired of living life as a druggie's woman. Her boyfriend spends all his time out in the back shop making "candy" and another man has been eyeing her. Mary knows its just a matter of time before this other man makes his move.

114	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price and its still working like its supposed to.

2328	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Love it.
Overall this is one of the best computer related purchases I have ever made. I don't know how I lived without the 2560x1600 resolution. Amazing color, amazing resolution -the only change I made was to reduce the brightness slightly.
1221	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	We have the old Nook reader, which we love. We purchased this Nook at target for the same price as Barnes and Noble and Amazon.
9216	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this particular model for three years. I use it mainly to take pics of the various items I sell on eBay, and I've found it to be fairly reliable, although the picture quality & resolution isn't always consistent. Some of my photos will be reasonably crisp & clear; others will be a bit muddy. Of course, this could just be due to a lack of photography skills on my part, since my parents also own one of these, and their photos consistently come out nice and clear. They use theirs to take reference pics and event photos for the various organizations they're involved in.

1)  Only 40 presets.  I don't need 200, but it would be nice to be able to separate them into "folders" for AM, FM, SW.
Make sure to mount this into a stud in the wall... if your relying only on anchors/drywall and you have a heavy tv like me there is no way it will stay.
3688	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This worked well in my grandson's GoPro Hero 3+ video camera. Gives him a lot of video that can be put on this chip.

I stream 1080p .mkv files from my laptop to my Xbox 360 via Windows Media Center, wireless N does not cut it, but these cables do the job.
9384	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	genuine Brother tapes are the only way to go!  Clean and correct printing each time.  I like this item.  Thanks!
6471	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	OK as extension cable BUT IT WILL NOT SUPPORT HIGH SPEED CHARGING for iPad or other tablets. The cable will not allow current greater than approx 0.9 amp. That is, however, not unique to this cable. None of the USB extension cables that I have purchased so far allows high-speed charging current (at least 1.5 amps). Will keep looking.
4756	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The tape does not go through the machine(s). When "play" is pressed, nothing really happens, then the player cuts off and the tape is ejected. No instructions appear onscreen, so they cannot be followed as the directions indicate.
3148	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I am writing a review on the behalf of myself, though we purchased it under our company's Amazon's account.
2. I am a member of Amazon Prime and was looking forward to viewing movies on this device due to its large screen and very good graphics.  When I logged into Amazon and selected a movie to view I got this: "Amazon Instant Video uses Adobe Flash.  We can take you to the Adobe website where you can quickly install the latest free version of the Flash."  Sure.  I'd go for that.  So I went to the Adobe site and got this: "We're sorry.  This content requires Adobe Flash Player, which is not supported by your device..."
3537	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great in my wife's galaxy s4. Bought it on sale. Good price. really like the adapter. Comes in handy

2695	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works awesome. It has been a month of hardcore use and it hasn't failed yet. I use it to charge my droid 2 and my ipod Nano at the same time and it doesn't even get hot. The only complaint I had was how long it took to ship it.
This combination gets me just over a mile of RX/TX, quite pleased.
8163	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm guessing the "snagless" refers to the tall curves on either side of the clip on the ends of the cable. These tall tabs on both sides of the clip make it rather difficult to push the clip down when removing the cable, at least in tight places where you're limited in how you can twist your hand. Meh, no big deal. The price is good, the black looks really darn good, and they do their job just fine!
With Zeiss lens instead of the Nikkor 7-21mm used and USB interface, this could still be the best 2.11 on the market.  Because of these details, and since I paid full retail $ when it came out, I'm keeping a star to myself...
4594	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked flawlessly, no clicking on day 1 of usage. Simply plug and play.
In response to the reviews about the touchscreen ceasing to respond, the pre-order Nook STR I had suffered from that problem.  The touchscreen would become slow to respond, and eventually quit working altogether.  A power cycle generally brought it back.  I started a thread on B&N's website about this and found many others having the problem.  I did take my Nook STR back to B&N and they exchanged it.  Have had the replacement Nook ST for six weeks now and the problem hasn't returned.  So don't be spooked about buying one due to this problem - if it happens to you, exchange it.
Edit and added ---
After it ran. popped it out, popped in a game disk, immediately "Play Skyrim"... ejected that one, popped in another... immediately, "Play Far Cry 4"... turned it off for a couple hours just to make sure I wasn't getting "warmed up results" turned it back on, it opened with Far Cry on the menu, usually opening with "open tray" even with a game disk in. played a couple hours of a game without one error.
1384	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like it. I use it about once a month when I travel so I don't have to take my laptop.
4624	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No problems, as expected.
for $180. So, stand-alone network print servers like this are a dying breed. Considering a $35 value to the basic cartridge which comes with the printer, my new device is really not $180 but $155. So, you can justify spending $10 for a print server or just
1785	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Thank you
6799	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing wrong with this product. Works great and it is what they said it was. Good brand brings good products.

My only complaint would be that they are a little pricey for something that just holds stuff together but you definitely get what you pay for.
borrowing from library support: nook - better for now, but popularity of kindles and Amazon marketing may change that, time will tell if libraries start purchasing kindle only ebooks.
7443	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I too was a little skeptical about purchasing this unit after reading some reviews.  However, I didn't have a huge amount of money to spend on a radio and couldn't justify spending  more to get a Sony one that didn't even have a digital tuner (a must for running!).  I was surprised it didn't come with batteries, but that was minor.  It picks up all local stations crystal clear (and I live in a big city with a lot of outside interference).  The included ear pieces are a little weird, but they work fine and you can use whatever earpieces you desire.  For the price you can't go wrong.
6460	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Years ago I would be able to buy VHS tapes in just about every store.  Not they are harder to find, and when you do find them they are expensive.  Here I was able to buy VHS tapes for under $2.  Not only did I find my type of VHS tapes, but found other types as well such as PRO tapes, etc...  I plan on purchasing other types of cassettes in the near future, only because it is affordable and convenient to buy.  I also like the fact that they are delivered to your home at no extra cost.  I highly recommend buying VHS tapes here, I have purchased over 50 tapes so far and all recorded perfectly.

6612	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good wipes


Note that I bought a similar Samsung Multifunction device with not just wired but also wireless network and even faster
6230	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I like it for the hours, but if it was clear. It would be better without the lines through the screen. It is like watching a frozen tape. I put in one of my others which I recorded on. It turn out to be fine.  These must of been used tapes. Then repackage to look new.
2946	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, easy plug and play
439	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Recieved quickly. Exactly what I needed.
I ordered this SD card for my wife's new Samsung galaxy and it is actually bigger than the on board memory or flash drive.
1467	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was the biggest nook/kindle hater on the planet before being gifted this nook. I would constantly diss the e-readers claiming that books were soooo much better. Then I ordered a book series from Amazon and the books/print was so tiny that I could barely read them without straining my eyes and driving myself crazy. My mom (<3!!) gave me my brothers old nook since he had a new nook color so I could download and read the series on this. It wasn't cheap to download the books, but compared to reading the free versions a friend had sent me (which were horrible because the text was all messed up...typos galore) but the option to make the text larger or smaller and the clarity of the screen made the 8+ dollars per book soooo worth the price.
3. Since they don't fit well in the average ear, the sound quality ends up sounding super tinny. I found that if you reverse the left and right earpieces and twist them in a 45 degree angle to the front, they sound OK. It's not comfortable and you can't wear it like that for more than 10 minutes.
8274	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hubby had to have it but doesn't use it . . He duz really like it though
3553	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Pretty self-explanitory.  It is a 32 gig SD card.  I got it for my phone because I have been using up alot of memory.
5861	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Looks pretty, works fine, that is all that matters.
We had major renovations done in the house and my fear of  the massive amount of  dust sent flying around and possibly having gotten into various electronics, made me want to clean them as best I could before inserting any cds into them.
5733	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cat5 Ethernet for what others would charge for a phone cord. Awesome price and it works - what more could you ask for?


7998	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These Belkin network cables are well-made, and they do the job.  Of all the colors available, the gray is the least expensive, and blends in well.
9551	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like this tape better than the clear tape....the letters seem to "pop" on the white.  Very sticky and adheres well to most surfaces.
3. Software
5401	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	bought this and it was lost in the mail but that is not the reason for the one star.  That is due to the fact that it would not work at all on my cd player/recorder.  It just said " insert disk" and would never work
1437	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used several different 7 inch tablets. The best I used was the Galaxy Tab 7.0 plus. This is a less expensive tablet and very, very good. But rooting the Nook Tablet made it great.
7201	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this cable with my Samsung Laster printer for over 2 years now and couldn't be happier with the no problem performance.
Overall, and excellent addition to anyone's "gadget" collection.

5656	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works as intended
9431	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	For this series of tape, it looks like Brother has the best quality. You just have to bend over and take it. I've tried 2 other knock-off brands and they are nowhere near the quality of the Brother.
6266	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this mainly because of it's price and because I recognized the Belkin brand. It is a very sturdy cable and works very well. Love it!
UPDATE to review: about a year after purchase, the Philips is making louder and louder noises.  I guess noise is endemic to these adapters.
8322	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought the Smile to have a handy, inexpensive way of addingphtos to web pages. I didn't want to spend $400 on a camera that wouldbe obsolete in a few months. I figured for $100 I couldn't go wrong. I was mistaken.
1599	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I really enjoyed this book on a couple of levels.  One as someone who has made numerous trips to Asia and teaches about Asian history and culture, I thought this book was spot on about China and the Chinese today.  Also, as someone with many friends and family members in the Chinese immigrant community in New York I thought this book was quite open and honest as to what goes on there.  Though the setting is England, I am sure there are many many things alike.
9158	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Another great product by Maxel; it performed beautifully. I would purchase it again.  It arrived super fast and in excellent condition.  It was easy to use and very effective with my computer and DVD players.  Hope you enjoy this product many uses as I did.
456	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought it to hang my 43" Samsung Plasma. I really like the 24" reach. Lots of flexibility. very strong. Been using it for over half the year and hasn't shown signs of sag.
161	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the adaptor too bad I don't have the Nook anymore
8283	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Purchased 3 pair of these binoculars in June 2013.  Arrived quickly and with no damage.  However, took them to Yellowstone for a family vacation before even trying them out.  All three were defective in that you would see double while looking through them.  Obviously I should have tested them right out of the boxes but I didn't; hindsight.  Again, all three were bad in that when you would look at something you would see double.  Don't know what the problem was- alignment, whatever.  I could no longer return them to Amazon as it was too long and Bushnell said that it was past their warranty period as well.  So, I've got three useless pair of binoculars.  Never again with Bushnell.
468	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like long arm and it work great I recommon get long arm instead of short which I had and long arm was better
8505	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this every week to separate the signal from my laptop to the video projector and the video monitor for when I am speaking (to see what is on the screen behind me).

5062	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had this shower radio for several months.  I purchased a similar model for my parents several years ago.  I liked is so much, that I finally decided to purchase one for myself.  Not only can this shower radio withstand exposure to water, but the quality of the sound and reception is excellent for its size.  It is very intuitive to use.
Overall: Well-rounded GPS, Fun to use, Efficient (runs about 36  hours on 4 AA), Practical.
-  Right-angled barrel power connector which reduce the likelihood of disconnecting power accidentally.
6563	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work great!
Other seems OK and so does the 64 gig
9751	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfect
I was bummed.
1636	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	watch out. the devil will try to buy your soul. this was a good horror/mystery book that made me want to read the others. and I will :) I'm loving kindle unlimited books with narration. except now that's pretty much all I get done! that's what I love about Ohio winters. lots of reading time :)
"Thank you for your reply. I recently bought 2 batteries for my Sony DSC-HX9V,
I think it's a great unit.  5 stars easily!!
With bad press and a visit home to check on his ailing father Rye and Tory discover that what they share is more than a love of food, but a connection that is more than surface or sexual chemistry. Its real. Eventually, bad choices on Ryes part and unwillingness to trust drives them apart. Can he fix this? Will Tory let him? Well you're gonna have to read to find out.
4. Large selection of apps. The Nook store always will have the newest Fruit Ninja app, the new temple Run and much more. ranging from gaming apps to apps that will help your business thrive, the Nook store has it all.
5034	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this item and it did not work from the moment I opened the package on Thursday 10th October 2013. I placed the battery in and the backlight came on and nothing else showed on the screen. I also bought a black exactly like this and it is working at this time. I immediately contacted Amazon Customer Service and they issued me a refund upon my request. I will be returning this faulty item and Amazon is paying for the postage.
1672	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really enjoyed this book. Jack Nightingale is totally likeable and hilarious character. He is a skilled hostage negotiator but that seems to go south for him.  Then he turns to being a private investigator. Soon people around him die with their last message being "you are going to hell Jack Nightingale".  This book is almost impossible to put down and I finished it in just a couple of days. I highly recommend this book. Just enough of the supernatural to make it chilling. Well done!
5009	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was volunteered by my wife to record her friend's home VHS tapes onto DVDs.  I have 2 VCRs, both of which I rarely use anymore.  Between her old tapes and my old VCRs the picture and particularly the sound quality was awful.  After I used the Maxwell VP200 VHS Wet Cleaner, the picture and sound improved greatly - probably the same quality as it was when the tapes were originally made about 10 years ago.



6256	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My husband was very please with these VHS tapes and he was excited about the price.  He would definitely purchase more at a later date.
 Third, has an MDlink digital input - for flawless copying from  CD.  This is very cool because it automatically marks tracks.  Also records  from analog sources and looks for periods of silence to auto mark tracks.  Of course, like other similar units it can combine/split tracks after  they're recorded.
Between purchases made on Google Play and B&N, there are curently 22 movies downloaded to my Nook. And there's room for at least 22 more.  Ebooks load in either the EPUB or PDF file format.  As a reader, this is as good as it gets.
2281	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Bought 2 of these and they were broken before the weekend was over.  Blah!
3081	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to load software onto my netbook because my internet is too slow for downloads. Works great, don't need to plug it in, able to watch movies too in the airport without having to find an electric outlet.  Plug & play!
6941	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with this item.
3527	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It might just be the luck of the draw, but SanDisk products (SSDs, SD cards, etc.) always work well and relaibly for me.

  I am amazingly frustrated bordering on angry because of the time put into this and now holes in the wall.  I need to get a different one.  My prior experience was with a VideoSecu MW380B TV wall articulating mount, which is far superior for a larger TV.  I bought this other one because I wanted a tight fit to the wall.
8622	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have several of these charcoal odor absorbers throughout my house and even in my cars. This is the first one I've owned from Opul. They are all pretty good, and this is just like the rest of em. It helps keep some of the moisture out of the area. I think these are best when used in smaller areas. You won't really notice it in larger open spaces. I set this one up in my closet. It would also be great in a coat closet when you might put damp coats and boots.
I don't know what else to say about these. If you just happen to need a cassette, these are a great option.
1. The Nook is a little heavier than the Kindle. I'm not sure of the exact weight differences, but just by feel alone it is a tad bit heavier. Now, that can be a good or bad thing depending on how you look at it. I for one don't find it to be a deal buster, the weight is not catastrophically heavier and uncomfortable, but it is heavier than the Kindle. I do think, however, that the durability of the Nook is a little better compared to the Kindle. The Nook has built in paddles to turn the pages, while the Kindle has flappy paddles along the side that feel as though they could break if I dropped it on it's side or if I touched it to hard. My suggestion for anyone interested in buying the Nook is to also buy a carrying case for it so it makes it easier to read, almost as if you were reading a real book. The covers at B&N usually start around $30.

7246	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the Fiesta collection. I bought these to make up pot pies. Love them.
2474	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love it
4812	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good for maintenance...
Keep in mind, that although the design is from Europe, these tongs are manufactured in China.
Don't let the economical pricing fool you. There's nothing wrong with the Nook. This is a solidly constructed, responsive, quality tablet that is fun - and a joy to use.
- Volume is adjustable by volume control on radio
4819	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	very bad quality earbuds, but I guess u get what you pay for...
7133	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	...That such an excellent piece of equipment could be 'reviewed' by persons that are computer challenged. These JOKERS should seek help before buying a product and writing negative reviews because THEY bought the wrong product! GEEZ!
7604	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff!
777	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item as described.  Fast shipping.  A++
4329	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
8525	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
My suggestion is to by a nice Garmen. My one rated for cars actually routes me better than this one rated for trucks.

p.s.  I originally gave this 3 stars.  And then I read the rest of the series.  Wow!  Everything I said above was true, but Jack sort of grows on you.  A lot.  So does Jenny and all the characters, and the series.  All The rest of the series are 4 and 5 star novels.  I wish I could start all over again.
Sagesse's parents, Alex and Carol, reveal plenty about the kind of problems that can arise when there are cross-cultural challenges to face in a marriage. Carol, coming from America, marries Alex, but is unable to see the potential sacrifices and problems she'll face as she moves overseas to live with her husband...or the impact the marriage will have on her daughter and the rest of the family, including a handicapped son.
7111	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchase a new ink-jet printer from a very well known computer store ... I wonder who that might be... hehe!  But getting back to the review ... As most of you know, a lot of USB devices don't come with a USB cable. The same thing applied when I purchased my new printer.  The clerk who sold me the printer suggested I purchase a USB cable along with my printer ... the asking price: $29.95 for a 8 foot long cable.  I told him "NO".  Then purchased this cable on Amazon for $10.95 which included shipping.  The only thing that got to me about this deal was that the shipping cost more than I paid for the USB cable.  Oh well!  I bought some sushi with the 19 bucks that I saved!
8847	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great solution for my car. It hasn't failed in any way. I've used it for over a year now and would certainly rather have it than not.
6750	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works great
4189	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I each got one of these for our phones and use them instead of cables to transfer photos and ringtones. They work great for that and it's very convenient to just take the card out of the phone and put it in the adapter then into the sd card slot on our computers and just drag and drop instead of using cables and having one more thing to have to plug into our hubs.
So far it is still working. I've used it for a good 2 weeks now.
4703	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a huge collection of old Vid Tapes and a couple of still very good recorder players, I always use these wet cleaners, I am now transferring all video tapes to DVD. Using this cleaner.

8932	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cable is high quality, was shipped on time and packaged well.  I have used cheaper cables but they are not as well-made and durable as this Belkin cable.
Several of the well documented issues have been fixed, such as losing bookmarks due to powering off the unit -- which as it turns out was the most cited problem for Nook bashers and haters alike.  Nook haters will also be disappointed that the battery life has been optimized too.
7175	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for a USB2 cable to hook up my all-in-one printer, I found this and I don't regret it, the build quality is excellent, I recommend it.
2577	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works just great for charging my phone in the car, bought others and they were made cheap I guess.
2090	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It keeps my kids reading in bed at night.  What's not to like.
895	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good

8749	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	if you like dvd watching on planes or in airports, this player is excellent.  it does get a little hot, but not too bad.  the amount you pay for this unit has come down now due to a new model out in a few months with  a 7 inch screen.
8833	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No need for a purse when I go out, just use this folio to allow me to carry my phone, credit cards and id for simple trips to restaurants or movies.
3126	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked well with my iTouch 2nd generation. Gives a clear reproduction of recordings. Would highly recommend this mic to friends.
6732	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Prompt delivery. Product as advertised.
4817	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
8889	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For the price, this Belkin cable is top notch.  No where can you find a 50 foot ethernet cable for this price and of this quality.
A good choice if you're looking for headphones more substantial and higher quality than the average earbud.
Ithrew it into the garbage!

6146	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Maxwell VHS tapes are just great.  Never had a problem with their performance.
Included a huge catalog of great
4328	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The cable is good, but it does not fit the Samsung Galaxy S4. It does plug in, but not far enough in to hold securely.

1674	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	In NIGHTFALL, author Stephen Leather takes (presumably temporary) leave of his otherwise ongoing hero, Dan "Spider" Shepherd, to give his followers a novel of the occult. Perhaps Leather is contemplating a new direction for the Shepherd series and is stalling for time vis-&agrave;-vis his publisher? Be that as it may, NIGHTFALL is an unexpected treat for those fans seeking a hiatus from the Spider adventures that are perhaps verging uncomfortably close on the too-predictable.
3357	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
4955	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Worked very well....served my purpose.it was easy to order and arrived quickly. I would order this cleaner again in the future.

2597	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought it to charge my Iphone 3g at 2.1 amps. Anything more heats it up!! Great for the price

Potential readers of this novel by Claire Messud should know it isn't exactly a sunny, bouncy work. If you are looking for that you'll want to look elsewhere. It also moves between countries, including sections based in France, the U.S. and Algeria.
Rotating the TV on this is also VERY hard. I think you have a good chance of breaking your TV if you rotate it too many times on this thing. You have to use a LOT of force to get it to move.
7709	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This things fit great on the center of a round conference table. It also gives a bit of decoration with the multiple colors, and doesn't just look like an ugly power strip on the desktop.
130	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	met expectations

1843	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Should be part of the Mindstorm kit. O good book to understand how the robot works.
8242	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought my first ZIP drive (parallel port) a long time ago, and replaced it with a USB/AC-adapter model a while later. I am still using it, and it works. The disks have a higher failure rate than the drive, but hey-still working after all these years.
1882	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is an official Barnes and Noble case.  It is good quality and a perfect fit.  My Four extra words.
7727	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Got several of these for home use after seeing that these are the approved units in our office. They work great and look great. Wish they had a couple of USB ports, but that is the only real improvement I would suggest.
Publisher: Que Publishing

3887	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT !!!
2336	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	After a week of using it the thing melted.  I'm glad it didn't ruin my phone.
3304	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived early, no issues, works as it should.
Highly recommended!
Who says you need a name brand?

6229	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product as described.  We haven't used these yet so we will update this listing after we have thoroughly tested them.
2308	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	stopped working after a while. for iphone it says the accessory not supported. I suspected the cable but its the charger as the same cable works with another charger and recently I tried an android phone and it did not work with this charger too
9851	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works well with label printer and is easy enough to use.  Overall, I don't use the system frequently enough to comment.
- The library allows you to browse through the book covers. I am a visual person, so this is another advantage over the non-image 1st gen.

7092	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin seems to be proven winner at least for making connecting cable.  Great price, does what I want it to do, in this case connects my keyboard which is under the desk top on a slider, thru a rear cable portal/hole in the desktop to my computer.
4277	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work great,, and the way the kids go through these, by constantly playing with them, it is much more cost effective to buy these, instead of 25 to 35 dollars apiece.
428	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install and does the job.
7598	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Long cable is so GREAT. I never understood why they always had 2ft cables with these things...if you want to run things right by the outlet you can buy the screw in ones...this just makes sense.
372	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
When I purchased my  TalkAbout, I also purchased the "Motorola 50225 TalkAbout Remote  Speaker Microphone".  I think that the radio itself could use some  design improvements, like the placement of the "Push to talk"  button, but the Remote speaker microphone makes up for this.  This remote  speaker microphone works on the TalkAbout 250, but not on the TalkAbout  280.  I was originally going to get the 280, but there was not yet a remote  speaker microphone available.
506	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I received the mount, which was well packaged for shipping.  The installation instructions were Moderately clear.  No issues following them, they were just a little disjointed depending on the wall surface you were installing on.
3837	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I chose this one because it was the cheapest, under 4 dollars. I tested it today on my GE DV-1 video recorder and used to to connect to my LCD tv's hdmi port. THe mini hdmi end went in the camera and the large end in the TV. It worked fine. I will just leave it plugged into my HDMI port 3 all the time, so I will be able to hook up the camera to it for big screen viewing whenever needed.
(2) YOU CANNOT SHARE BOOKS. Yeah, yeah, they SAY you can, but that's VERY LIMITED and makes no sense.  (If the publishers trust them enough with their DRM to have the book at all, why can't you transfer the book to someone else using the same DRM?) I can get a paperback, read it, and share it forever.  Not so with Nook and you know it.
I am very happy I purchased the same surge protector a second time.
The new covers fit the keyboard, but the outer edges of the cover are essentially gone - cut almost up against the keys.  Which means that the cover no longer goes down to the keyboard.  Any dust, dirt, etc. will get to the keyboard around the edges.
The camera does eat up  a lot of power, I agree with the others who suggest getting rechargeable  batteries. You can get a set of NiMH batteries and a charger for about $20  bucks (it takes 4 AA batteries.) I'd suggest getting at least 8 AA  batteries.

3097	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	For being oddly shaped, it works flawlessly. It is best used for devices that does not come with a mic built in.
4389	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ran this cable through my attic and down the wall for my camera system.  Work great.
8451	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchase for the Motorola MS350R 35-Mile Talkabout Waterproof 2-Way Radios. The VOX feature automatically sets up when this is plugged in.
8472	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had this for a week and it is the best radio I have ever owned. It is portable and fits very ergonomically friendly into you hands. There are 40 memory presets. The BIG shortwave broadcasts (BBC, Radio Canada, Voice of America) came in very clear and those are really the only ones worth listening to on a regular basis as most of shortwave is flooded with religious programming and politically slanted news.  FM reception is very good and AM is about as good as my other radios. The dial light and LCD readout could be stronger and bigger. It comes with an adaptor. Sleep timer and alarm works just fine. Has two times (for GMT/UTC and local time). It looks great with its platinum case. I highly recommend this. It costs more but if you love radio and want BBC and VOA, this is the one to get.
It's also a good general purpose portable radio for sitting out on your deck listening to the game or music or whatever.  It's not as bulky as a "boom box" but it's got better speakers than most portable radios, so it just sounds better in return for a slightly higher price.
2314	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As requested

2770	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it!  Had the Diane Von Furstenburg cover but it collected dog hair and dust.  This is great - I love the pad of paper availability and pockets.  Strongly recommend!
1410	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Great service. Thanks!
3803	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work right out of the box in fact it ran the battery down..I guess you get what you pay for...
I enjoy my nook and love the glowlight feature.  Must have to read!
The integrated notepad was a nice touch, it seemed. I'd actually spent the prior few days bemoaning the fact that the Kindle has a keyboard but no simple text app. There are hacks out there sure, but it just seemed silly not having this capacity. Still does, by the way. Anyway, including a nice notepad was one way to resolve this dilemma.

8124	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a quality product at a great price. Works like a charm. Should last for a very long time
6179	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As my modem sits right on top of my computer, a three foot cable was the best length for my needs so as to minimize cable clutter behind the computer. Connectors fit fine with reliable connections. Have cycled connectors numerous times in order to break the computer connection on web sites which cause browser to freeze so these can apparently handle cycling without reliability problems. This was important as I've had the plastic latch fail on other CAT5 cables from plugging / unplugging.
4584	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are getting hard to find. I use them occasionally when I want a bit of nostalgia to use my 80`s era 4 track recorder.
The monitor has only brightness and power controls.  There are five other unmarked buttons that do nothing observable.  There is only one DVI plug.  The included cable worked fine for me.
3933	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I ordered this as "Sold by Cable Matters, Fulfilled by Amazon" because of the Prime shipment and having received defective products from Eforcity previously. For less than five bucks for a 10' HDMI, as long as it works I'm happy. Oddly, if you go to the Cable Matters store, they have one for a few cents more with a different photo. I received one that looks a bit different from that photo and the one on this listing. The one received has very square-edged plastic around the connectors rather than the  rounded sides shown.
9765	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The real deal (genuine Brother tape) at a good price.  Just what I needed.  Fast shipment.
I hope they fix this, but considering how long it took them to produce the case, and how late it is coming to market even after it was announced, I don't think that they will.  Too bad.  Could have been a GREAT product.
5350	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have owned these for 1-1/2 years now and have used them mainly when flying on commercial jets.  Their ability to cancel noise is better than the several other low-cost models I have tried, especially on jets.  They are very comfortable.  Their sound quality is good but I wouldn't say excellent.  They appear to be more durably made than most other low-cost headphones.  I have had no problems whatsoever, in spite of them getting squashed in my briefcase many times.  They are relatively large, closed ear cup headphones, but fold up and store easily in a provided bag.
3529	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It's an SD card.  Besides the "1" there isn't much to review other than price.  All I can say is a warning.  I bought this from one of Amazon's third-party vendors.  I ordered five.  I received four.  And two didn't work.  (BSCS, 20 years experience, I know what I'm doing.)
IF LOOKING FOR AN EXTERNAL DVD DRIVE, KEEP SEARCHING. NOT WORTH THE MONEY PAID FOR IT.  AS ONE VIEWER SAID, A PIECE OF JUNK.  SHOULD HAVE LISTENED.
3853	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Worked fine for about a month, but now no longer charges-keeps reloading the GPS. Very disappointed as my USB cable charger connected through the PC works better.

2444	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I don't know what the deal is but it blows my fuse when I plug anything in.

2799	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was hoping for something that would give me more screen real-estate for use with Excel and MS Project, and for that purpose it really does the job.  Admittedly, the screen is not 100% crystal clear for text, but it is in no means bad.  It's almost like that a cell phone screen looks like when you put on a screen protector - but not as bad.  It is still VERY usable and I undoubtedly prefer it over my older monitor.  Though I did not get it for movies, it works great for these too.
I thought I had finally found my ideal laptop light, but now my search continues because I will not buy this light again.
2463	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great thing to carry in your glove box. I use it to plug in my e-cig and tom tom or cell to charge at the same time. I have only one port in my car so I find it very handy and you may too.
277	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	First, this book was sent to me through a connection on LinkedIn in exchange for a review here.
6125	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	total nonfunction
6505	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I hate using wireless mouse and using this for my mouse does the trick.
7543	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thank you
5497	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This 50' cable came in good condition,
5285	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got this radio to pull in both remote stations, and to have better reception. I also wanted something battery-powered for emergency purposes in case of power failures/earthquakes, etc.
8193	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just after buying a new computer (Dell), I realized that it would be a good idea to replace my modem to computer (Cat5) cord. When the cords arrived, I connected them then logged on. Could not believe the difference. I was using an older blue cord that I picked up from a family member. I ordered this cable because I wanted a longer cable, but was really happy and pleasantly surprised  with the increased speed. We have SBC DSL Elite, and everything is so much faster with the new Belkin Cat 5. I recommend this Cat5 cable.
Cons
5763	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Quality item.

I will be ordering the rechargeable version today, it appears to have a slightly longer neck and not needing new batteries every so often should be a plus.
5994	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very good product.

8730	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product and good price might just have to buy another one for my other phone
6207	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well.
9820	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love my P-Touch labeler, and use it all the time.
-Metal is just a tad on the flimsy side.  I have no problems trusting it with my <30lb television but if I were to mount something closer to its maximum rated weight of 55lbs, I think I would be quite a bit nervous about it holding up.

5997	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Goos short cable
840	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We've been using this for about six months now without any problems. It's REALLY handy for when your vacation plans get a last-minute change due to weather! Just connect an HDMI cable to the hotel's TV, fire up your Netflix / Prime Video app, and away you go!
2917	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	the unit is used
The hand placement over the curvaceous FX body is also very comfortable and even relaxing - once you get used to it, and don't try to drag and drop with the left button and ball.  You can use both your thumb and one or even two or three fingers to move the ball around without ever tiring or straining.
342	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine.
7112	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its always good to have extra USB cables floating around.  2 for home 2 for work and 2 for the laptop/spare.
Edit: 4/15/16 Will not work in my s5 either.
1879	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my granddaughter who loves it.  She uses it for her new Barnes and Noble Nook reader.
3706	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	this worked great.  love it for our go pro
7229	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	RCA may be one of the easiest videotapes to find,besides Sony brand. In my book RCA videotapes are much better than Sony. I do occassionally find small flaws using the RCA tapes,but these are nowhere near as bad as the flaws I have had with Sony tapes. There is the rare occassion that there might be a tracking line towards the bottom of the screen,but anymore you get that with VCRs being cheaply made not able to record as good,as the old ones. RCA tapes are pretty good tapes to use for recording movies for your videolibrary,not the best but nowhere near the worst.

2254	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great headphones. It's just the cord is too short.
529	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to attach. Easy to adjust. Very Solid and secure. Used on a clients 29" LED with built in DVD.
No dead pixels, GORGEOUS SCREEN, and a really good stand. Straight monitor with no BS features. It turns on. It's a boss. It turns off.

Funny thing is Barnes and Noble rrjected my review.
8893	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and works great!
3557	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect for my fiance's phone and 32 GB is a great amount of storage capacity to store pictures and other stuff.
Issue #1: Onboard Memory
8799	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Sound quality of microphone is not the best.
1992	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Excellent product. A bit pricy, but well designed and useful to keep with my camera equipment.
3658	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Came right away and work great
in fact this may have been the reason my last vcr broke (a nice jvc one, i was pissed) but i got a new (to me) goodwill vcr and i threw this tape away
2515	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This charger works great for the price.  No problems at all.  Perfect for the price.  Very happy and very satisfied.
I've used mine daily for 3 months to make brief notes.  I had to change  the AAA battery for the first time only recently.  It gave a low battery  signal and saved all my messages while I replaced the battery.
"Your going to hell Nightingale" or is he. what follows is an unorthodox tale about devil worship and demons from the perspective of an astute cop and non-believer. The story challenges our understanding of right and wrong, while also exploring themes about the meaning of life and the inevitability of death. It also ponders whether who we are is influenced by the environment we grew up in, or is dictated by birth,
The best part for sure is the screen. It is bright, sharp, and the colours really pop! Definitely the forerunner of the product.
9749	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great replacement for my p touch labeler
7360	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	letting kids hear theirselves tallk and sing on old recorders- fun for mom n dad and grandparents alike!
My husband was so impressed with my Simple Touch with Glowlight that he wanted one.  Barnes and Noble had stopped selling them,  but they are still available on Amazon and other sites.  We bought his from a third party and made sure to get a SquareTrade Warranty just in case.  Within a week, his developed a "tear" in the screen.  As many others have described, the actual screen itself remains in good shape, but the membrane beneath the screen tears and allows light through.  Very distracting to try to read with it.  Barnes and Noble now acknowledges this is a manufacturing defect.  (I asked when I bought mine and made sure that it was covered by their warranty.)  Luckily, SquareTrade honored the warranty immediately and I bought my husband a replacement (with SquareTrade Warranty) the same day.  So far, so good.
7739	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for multiple AC adapters.
8330	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm writing this review in 2014, many many years after this device has disappeared from the company's product lineup. I can state that this is the best input device I've ever used. I've owned several, and had them on my work and home computers for very detailed CAD, 3D modeling, and precision Photoshop work. The downside with this (and any trackball or mouse) is that dust accumulates inside the housing but this is super easy to clean when it does. I occasionally think about replacements, even though it looks funny, even outdated, no one makes a "fingertip" controlled trackball with ergonomics quite like this so I stick with it. Logitech if you're out there, please bring us a modern version!!
9514	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
Now, to cut to the chase, the Nook can do most things that the Amazon Kindle can do as well, and while the Kindle holds some ground over the Nook, on an overall scale, if you're looking for a better and more convenient ereader, I'd say to go for the Nook.
6342	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The answer is me haha
6243	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Whats blue- 3' long and filled with bits of wire- yeah, stupid joke but this thing works as advertised
4785	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	did a good job the first time used
I own an old Toshiba PDRM1 digital camera, and in this neat little bag, there is a protected pouch for the camera, two storage areas for digital media, and a storage for 4-AA (or AAA) batteries.
9276	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As expected, works well.
3020	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this to download digital copies to my computer since it doesn't have a cd rom. So far, so good. It reads the DVDs and I have tried the play feature. However, I have not tried to burn a CD so I could not tell you if it works or not. I will keep you updated.
8407	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My family loves these.  We use them with our clavinova.  The 8 foot of cord is a great pleasure after using 4 foot ones that get tangled up with our arms.  We have had better sounding ones, but by far these are the most convenient. and the price was good comparably
6951	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed this to extend the tiny cable that my printer came with. A USB extension like this item is cheaper than a longer printer cord and here we are. Belkin is a good brand and this cable works without issue.

3600	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great very fast charge up
easy to connect, and well made. I would buy more..great price!
3229	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	well made, works as supposed to!
As far as key placement goes, the important  things to know are:
3034	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Buy on this burner drive.  Arrived on time and worked right out of the box.  Excellent size to carry in my netbook bag when traveling.
8559	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I have been repairing computers since about 1980... got my A+ certification in 1984 (back when it was the only certification you could have) and I can say, without a doubt, that belkin products have been the cause of more issues than any other maker of computer products.  This VGA cable, which I have thrown away multiples of, is a horrible offender.  Unless you are using a very very small & low resolution monitor (read 13 inch - 640x480) you will get horrible results from it.  The fuzzy screens will plague your hardware where there should be none.  There seems to be no shielding in the cable either, as I have gotten video bleed from it to other monitors as well.  Do yourself a favor, just avoid this and other belkin products.  They are not quality and you will only be wasting your time and money.
1511	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	What a hassle. Two Nook basics. One without and one with Glowlight. My failures caused the screen to freeze displaying a Salvador Dali like scribble of lines and patches. Used the NOOK charger. Never left my bedside. There are no motors,magnets or anything else with fifteen feet that could have caused this. Had a real nightmare with Barnes & Noble about updating my ship to address. Five years and what, seventy tries online and the site defaulted t my old address. Called customer service. "Oh I am correcting that right this minute" a young man said as I could hear keyboard strokes over the phone. Two weeks later they shipped a replacement to the old address. They want a hundred dollars for a gizmo that costs as much as some basic smart phones. And it breaks. The phones are still working, taking images, playing music but the NOOK cannot display print and chew gum at the same time. Don't even bother going to the B&N site for book reviews. It is a drop box for drug dealer messages. Barnes and Noble is setting themselves up for a Chapter 13.
3912	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No problems running from computer to monitor, great value compared to other options and seems to be holding up just fine.
Strong points:
5503	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works well for disc cleaning but also runs sound tests if you have a surround system.
2243	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works like a cable you for which you would pay 30 times as much. Rock ON!! I bought a bunch for future use.


3440	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a SanDisk, What more can I add to it. I do like the fact that it came in a keeper box with a adaptor, so I can use it in my Note Book Device or My Laptop. It make's it easier to Transfer Imagery from one device to the other. Especially if I'm grabbing Images from Google or Bing.

642	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Another gem hidden amoungst the Amazon halls. This works well for my LED tv's. I used the heavy duty mount bolts for mounting my tv on the back porch. I hung on the sucker and it's not coming down. And I'm 190lbs!
9483	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
8697	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am impressed with this speaker/mic. The mic is VERY sensitive, so have it about 6-12" away from your mouth and talk normally... they will hear you fine.  The weight feels very substantial in your hand. I can tell that this is a Motorola product.
2026	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I had gotten a free USB light at a conference and found it useful when typing at night. It was never great, though. The gooseneck on the free one was weak and the light would soon droop, and it didn't feel right to leave it plugged in because it had no off switch.
user interface: nook
1576	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Seems that all the negative reviews are from non verified purchasers.. hmmm
8236	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item was delivered on time and in good condition.  All the essential parts were in the package (Power cord, and USB cable).
172	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My nook is working again! yay!
579	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great wall mount.  I have installed three others and I like this the best.  It extends enough with the second arm so that you can mount a large TV so that it fits in the corner of a room.  The TV will hide the actual wall mount and arms mounting to the back of the TV.  This one was installed thru a plaster drywall into cinder block wall.  I used  the 2 wall anchors and bolts provided in the mounting accessory pack.  The 42" TV bolt pattern fit the mounting plate so I did not have to use the adjustable arms provided in the package.  Total installation time was less than 20 minutes.  I like the fact that you can tilt it, rotate it (makes it easy to get the TV level)  and move it in and out a great distance and it will go back pretty flush to the wall.  The instructions are easy to follow.  Overall, I think this is a sturdy mount that will confidently hold a large screen TV and it does not look like a massive mount like some do.
Yes, these are available on Kindle Fire and iPads. I know. I do like the talking kid's books (reminds me of a LeapFrog Tag pen, but without the ability to touch words and hear them), and the free cookbook sample had a video of making a chocolate sauce.  This is good for cooking!  U can see what each stage is supposed to look like.
6660	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
- Glow light turns off... completely. Paperwhite is always on.  In a low light room, I'm OK with no Glow and Paperwhite's uneven lighting was poor for me in low light settings unless I turned it bright.
3505	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this was purchased for my galaxy s4. this works great and the price was the best I was able to find. satisfied customer

8385	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Cheap headphones, sound is only so, so but for the money I paid, I should have known better.
647	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a great quality mount, very strong and very good price! Diffenately plan on buying another mount for my other flat screen.
5700	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love these ties and purchased 2 sets.  I'm a guitarist and constantly having to wrap up chords and wires is annoying, especially when I try to take them out again only to find them a tangled mess! Ties are a perfect solution to this problem.  I wrap them up and stack them, then when I use them again they're still nicely placed.
9449	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We use the labels for a PT 1960 Labeler that we bought some time ago.
88	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The 90 degree connector is a bonus that allows her to read while it is charging without the older style straight connector sticking down.  This cable does everything including charging, and data transfer, works just as well as the original that came with her Nook Color, but better.
6443	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this worked like a charm. i used this item to conseal a cell phone charger in my car. worked with ipod 5s, z3v and nano 7th gen charger wires.
9203	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	If you are rich as hell, go ahead and buy it. But for the price your paying for this, you could get a great Mini Disk player, and even plenty of discs for over 6,000 minutes of recording time with the same sound quality!  Dont believe me? Goto the Mini Disc section and do the math! Even better,  you can record mp3's onto the MiniDisk players, you can also record your  voice, your playstation/N64/Dreamcast, VCR, TV, Radio, Tape,  everything!  I almost bought an mp3 player, and im glad i didn't. MP3's  are too expensive compared to Mini-Disks, and if you look at the Mini Disk  trend right now, its exactly like the CD trend 10 years ago. They are  already making Mini Disk drives fro computers to store info. Just check out  the Mini Disks before you buy this, trust me, you'll thank me. If you have  any questions, email me, Ill answer them asap!
(Slow AGC gives you an edge in copying interfering  morse code stations, however, because the louder station won't modulate the  weaker one on the YB400, and it will on the Sony.)
2840	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality
220	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Small and cute.



8360	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	THE ACS33 SPEAKER SYSTEM CAME WITH THE PC I BOUGHT WAY BACK IN 2001.  THE PC WAS AN OFF-BRAND AT THE TIME, KNOWN AS ABS.  AFTER RESEARCHING MY OPTIONS FOR BEST PC UNDER $1000, I OPTED FOR THE ABS MAINLY BECAUSE THE REVIEW RAVED ABOUT THE INCREDIBLE CLEAR AND ACCURATE SOUND FROM THE INCLUDED SPEAKERS.  I STILL HAVE THAT PC AS A BACK UP, BUT I CONTINUE TO USE THE ALTEC LANSINGS LIKE A SMALL BOOKSHELF STEREO SYSTEM.  I HOOKED THEM UP BY SIMPLY PLUGGING THEM INTO THE HEADPHONE JACK ON MY MP3 PLAYER, AND THE SOUND IS JUST INCREDIBLE.  IT PUTS OUT 30 WATTS TOTAL, AS MUCH AS SOME BOOKSHELF STEREO SYSTEMS COSTING HUNDREDS MORE!  THE BASS IS INCREDIBLE...I HAVE IT SITTING ON AN AREA RUG SO I DON'T GET EVICTED. THE HIGHS ARE SO ACCURATE, AND CAN BE TWEAKED USING THE EQ ON THE MP3 PLAYER.  MIDRANGE IS A BIT LACKING, BUT THIS ALSO CAN BE COMPENSATED FOR A BIT WITH YOUR EQ SETTINGS.  IF YOU CAN FIND THESE USED, GET 'EM!
It cannot do 30 fps, nowhere near it, not at 160x120, 176x144, 320x240.  Forget it.

5875	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like this
2127	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a pretty good book light; not that I have had others to compare it to. The light is bright, and it spreads out over the page well enough that you don't need to adjust it very often. If you are reading in a room with some other light, it is great. In the total dark, you do end up with corners of big books that the light doesn't really get to. The clamp is a little weak. I bought the next model up in price for my daughter, and it has a stronger clamp that grabs the book a lot better. If I ever replace this one, I'll probably upgrade. But overall, just fine for the money.
478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this mount.  This is the 4th one I've bought and it works great every time.  excellent seller and excellent product
3216	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As advertised
5145	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I cannot find thm anywhere else!!  You all have a good price for them too. I wonder if I may order more? But first I'd like to find the ones I needed!! You sent them to the Wrong place!
The Rio software is quite weak when it comes to organizing your song library.  I recommend Real Jukebox (the free version can categorize up to 1000 songs).
8511	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's a cable, it works..
I have not had any problems with this item
9409	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and works great.
306	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	For the money you can't go wrong. Yes, it has a litlle play in the mechanism but, you can adjust your mounting to accomodate that. It works great and frees up counter space. I would do it all again. Why spend 3 times more.
8955	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'd not going to go nuts here - I mean, it's just a cable. But 50ft of CAT5 at the oxymoronic 'Best Buy' would mean unloading your wallet, so $12 is a reasonable price and the cable has been working fine ever since.
Advent (aka RCA) need to shield these speakers from outside interferance for these to get a better review.
If you're buying a  hardcase, I'm assuming you want some protection for your Palm.  This won't  give it to you.  If you just want something that looks good to cover-up,  there are lots of nice leather ones out there.
will be happy to buy another 1 or 2 if needed
2560	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ideal for the car! You can connect your cell, tablet at the same time. Extra room for your peripherals. Great.
> Takes a single (changeable) AAA battery, which I consider more convenient than having to plug into a computer when the rechargeable battery (of other players) dies.
9364	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	10 points
4078	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is what it is.  Never used it.  Anyone want to buy it for half off?
1724	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My girlfriend needed one for college. It works as advertised. I would recommend the cheapest one because they all do the sane basic thing.
4860	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	worked well.
6924	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	View tips and guidelines  Belkin USB Extension Cable (10-Feet) by Belkin this product lives up to its name and purpose
After I downloaded 'Star Trek: Into Darkness', a  friend watched the first few minutes, and was so blown away, he immediately ran out and purchased an HD+ of his own.
7820	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A good buy and a good product.
5968	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent product, the only problem is that the dispenser for the cream is block easy, but the product is fantastic; I recommend this product.
8052	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well, its simply a cable...not much really to say about it, other than it works and its size met my needs - having different colors helps, that was the major reason behind this purchase - various cables to same location (or even different locations I presume), all have different colors making identifying them easier when necessary (couple times now, removing cables, checking link lights, etc.). No problems since purchase though!
8539	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for projecting UTubes from computer to flat screen tv
1) It's design is future-proof (as far as anything is) because the hardware is designed such that software and firmware updates can make it more functional in the future.  Kindle requires new hardware. I just read a new one will be out in August '10, and no, no touch screen!

8111	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works and it's 7 foot long.  What more do you want from a 7 foot Ethernet cable.  Wifi is great, but there is no substitute for hard-wiring in when I am playing StarCraft II.
9752	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Exactly what I was looking for and at a great price.  I have had no issues with it and the print comes out nice and clean.
4941	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just needed something, Any brand would have done. Worked great, helped alot and was pretty cheap. (under $10)

5508	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Have them on all my cords. Keeps things organized.
5755	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I assume it worked. But I still have the same issues. I think the cleaner work fine, but is not the issue with my DVD Recorder. It plays the same, it just doesn't record many disc (DVD-RW or DVD-R). I don't know what going on with this thing?
1053	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Like Omg. Freaking awesome. I like totally stoked about this narley purchase. This card is sweet and doesn't gag me with a spoon.
* Haven't really measured battery life, but an extra AAA battery seems to get me through all my business trips, which is really the only metric I care about.
2430	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	tHEY BREAK EASY
while the plot was at times interesting [it has all the predictable elements of 'gritty' noir fiction], there were too many expository diversions [as others have noted] that slowed the pacing down to a crawl. it felt like not a whole lot happened during the first 200 pages, and what did happen was either incredible vulgar [probably the point and probably meant to 'shock' the reader with its 'brutal honesty'] or did little to ingratiate any of the characters to the reader.  however, what was most frustrating for me was the author continually injecting chinese into the dialogue [or exposition] then immediately translating it into english when the characters are presumably speaking chinese to begin with.  it's the same problem that plagued 'the kite runner.' it drives me nuts. it seems the only reason for this practice is for the author to dazzle the reader with his or her knowledge of a foreign language. whether it's fair or not, i had hard time getting past that and consequently enjoyed the book less than i might have otherwise.
1684	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	At the recommendation of Marc Horne (whose new book I am about to jump into), I read Concrete Underground by Moxie Mezcal. It's a fast-paced gritty novel, with a very violent bent. I've been enjoying indie fiction lately, and this did not disappoint.  The books is definitely interesting and well written. Think Palahniuk meets film noir with a new-age punk-emo vibe.
737	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This mount is sturdy, easy to install, and easy to mount the TV to.  The included hardware was heavy duty also.  The action is good, and tension is adjustable.  The tilt can be adjusted by using the knob in lieu of one of the bolts, or locked in place (which makes it more difficult for someone to remove the TV unless they have a wrench with).  I mounted the 27" TV on our lanai, so a little theft-proofing is a good thing.  The TV is now visible either on the lanai, or from the patio.
2374	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	ok

Very Nice - Good item - I Like it works just as it should.
Buyer beware!  If your PDA device specifically states it can only support up to 2gb in the expansion memory slot, then anything over that size may not work.
3673	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice sized card for the price. Works well with my GoPro.
7817	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Has a great button in the middle to turn it off when you're not around (great with cats and pets in this case).  Fits many of those big lunky plug ins.  LONG cord is a dream for where it can be placed.  You will not go wrong with this.  I have a phone, laptop and Ipad on it all at once and it does just what you want it to - not buzzing, feel safe and WORKS!
2911	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Plugged it in and my computer says that it is corrupted and won't recognize it. Waste of my money!
1758	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It was great, did not want to put it down. Love the story line and loved the characters.
I plan to try and use the 64 gb card in my camera with the adapter. i'll pst back once I've tried that.


This radio definitely delivers.  Sound quality is awesome, reception is top notch, and it does exactly what I desired it to. Not small, trendy or stylish - if you're looking for that, go elsewhere.  But for a rugged, quality unit, with good sound from one speaker, you cant do much better.
Maxell has aways offered quality cassette tapes. This adapter is quality. I would buy it again. Its been operating for a month with no problems.
2774	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am a huge fan of Moleskines so I was really excited when I discovered this product, but was disappointed to see it get a low rating. That being said I actually read all the reviews and as it turns out most of the low ratings come from people who don't even own the product! People complaining about the way it looks and one who was even reviewing a different product altogether, and a few who were just complaining that it was for Kindle and not other e-readers or tablets. Seriously people, what the heck?
Very Nice - Good item - I Like it works just as it should.
Go for it, you won't regret it!
2321	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thank you! I use it all the time.
I'm very satisfied with my purchase.
I now download all my fiction books to the Nook. So it's become my source for pleasure reading, which is great, since that is the kind of stuff I take with me when I travel or about town anyways, and can just stuff the Nook in my purse.
The problem is that the Nook simply doesn't live up to its promise. The "paper-white" display is more an off-beige, and reflects light in a way that makes it hard to read with a reading light (necessary because it has no backlight, as is true for all ePaper devices). It's heavy and the buttons to change pages are hard to push, especially with gloved hands as you might have while reading outdoors on a cool day. The "5 day battery life" in reality for me has been a 1-day battery life, read a book, and it needs to be recharged, and be darn sure to turn it off. The thing freezes up and crashes all the time even with the very latest software, and is excruciatingly slow even with the very latest software. The latest software added classifications for the ebooks so you could sort them into pseudo-folders, which is necessary given how excruciatingly slow the Nook is to scroll through its book list (get about 50 books on the list and you're in for major pain), but the clunky way they implemented this makes those of us who've gotten used to modern user interfaces frown and shake our heads.
7354	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say. Belkin makes good products in general and this is one of them. I have purchased several of these for home and at the office. They work fine for both mouse and keyboard. I still use one of them (in conjunction with a USB to PS/2 adapter) for a USB mouse too, because that way I can use the PS/2 mouse port on my older computer and free up one of my USB ports, which I don't have enough of.
> The "ON/OFF/PLAY/PAUSE" button is very easy to find by touch and handles all routine operations (except "forward" and "backwards"), which is very convenient.
I needed to extend my keyboard for a more comfortable position....
1885	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Did not fit Kindle. Returned.
8222	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have bought two of these for home and office use.  They work flawlessy and for the price you cannot beat the functionality.  I was running at least Windows 98 on all computers I hooked up to the ethernet hub.  Windows makes it easy to set up file and printer sharing.
8017	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	runs my 8" 500W shallow pioneer speaker with no problem.  They seem nicely matched if you aren't trying to rattle the cars next to you.

4518	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	old vhs was dirty and this did the trick
2253	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this produtct.
5069	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	After having several cheapo shower radios in my life, I decided to spend a little extra money on this one.  It was definitely worth it. The pre-set stations allow us to push a button to tune in our favorite stations for each member of the family. No more having to stop and dial tune after some one else listened to it in the shower.
This Belkin F2N017 adapter was just what he needed (combined with the aforementioned PS/2-USB adapter).  I had it sent to him and he called me a few days later, with delight, saying that the adapter worked perfectly, adding that he was astonished anyone still made components for devices as old as he was using.
Tory crawled right into my heart. Rye too but in a different way.
8513	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works fine, has locking screws to prevent coming loose
7789	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Shipped fast. Everything is as expected. I'm happy.

759	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	didnt work
1812	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Waiting for the next one.
I love getting free MP3's off the web, and while I *could*  put them on minidisks, I like being able to every day or so put a  completely different assortment of songs on the Rio to listen to. It's  certainly not much harder than recording a disk and I'm one of those people  that can listen to favorite songs over and over so a little repetition  doesn't bother ME any.
926	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased and used two with the Hero Black 4 and so far they have worked fine. The video quality seemed to transfer nicely and the transfer speed seems quick enough. Their build is about average for an SD card as far as I can tell. I wouldn't recommend playing finger football with them but to each his own.

Built-in Microphone for voice recording, particularly usefull to "read" books to your children without having to physically be there.
Great value, does the job.
Then modify the 'Settings' for the Iomega Parallel Port Interface as follows.
7714	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
7632	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My GPS 12 cost only slightly more than the ETrex units, and was a giant leap ahead in quality. After comparing reviews of the Garmin and Magellan units, I concluded that the GPS 12 would be the most reliable, and it really does seem to be. Once it aquires the available satellites, it really stays locked on--I've used it in the car on the passenger seat, on the armrest, in my lap, and it doesn't lose its position. I've even held it to a tiny airplane window and tracked my flight accurately. The biggest issue with lower-end GPS units seems to be their ability to hold a lock, and this one performs extremely well.
2104	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The light is a strong steady beam with a good spread of light.  The long serpentine neck is made of metal, and it feels solid as you move it through different positions.  Finally, the clip itself is very sturdy, and I have had no problems with its grip and durability.
Fix most of these issues and I'll be happy until then, not so much impressed.
8727	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The price is nice, and it does its job well.
9560	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	came on time very happy with price


7494	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This adapter works great for quickly moving digital images from cameras to your pc.  The only problem I have with it relates to the overall length of the card.  They should have made it 1/2 inch longer so you could remove it more easily from the PC card slot.  When inserted, it is "flush" with the PC.
6210	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quality product, I use these for a nintendo 64 emulator setup to extends the cords of the USB N64 controllers. Works great!
9538	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fit perfectly in my brother touch, works as good as the one it came with
3957	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice, economic hdmi cable. I got it for my mom to use with her new tablet. So she can connect it to the tv if she ever wants. It works just great. Nice and long cable. I was surprised how thin the cable was, but everything works fine with connecting her asus transformer to her led and lcd tvs.
8540	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this so we could use the large screen TV as an external monitor for the computer. No problem, worked first try. Well, small problem, if the kids want to play a game on the computer, they want to use the big screen TV as a monitor too, so no TV watching till the kids time is up.
773	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great addition to our new Galaxy S9's which, by the way, do not come with any SD media.  Was able to transfer data from my old phone's SD card quickly and easily.
7169	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hooked it up between my printer and my PC and printed about 700 pages with it.  Works fine.  Not as quite as cheep as monoprice but the super saver shipping will make up for that if you're ordering more stuff.
This item is  Plug & pay, not plug & play. Do NOT buy!
The VCR I wanted to clean is a relatively fresh JVC machine -- I am very disappointed in both the product and the inability to return.
connectivity: kindle - for an additional $50 you can get a kindle with 3G.
4422	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No Problems...As advertised!

1420	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my husband for his birthday after trying it out in BN and seeing how amazingly responsive it is. I did a lot of research and put a lot of thought into it, almost buying him a kindle fire because I thought it was more "manly" looking. After much consideration and comparison of hardware, I opted to get this one. The big selling point for me the fact that it can boot from the SD card. I have seen the N2A (Nook2Android) SD cards here on Amazon and wanted him to have that functionality but didn't want to pay that much for one, so I did some googling and figured out how to make one myself. I purchased a 16GB micro SD card and in about an hour and a half, had the thing booting to CM7 from the SD card, and now it has full tablet functionality. It runs AWESOME, super smooth and very responsive, full tablet capabilities including running 3rd party apps and access to the google play store, and all without rooting or voiding the warranty. All he has to do to put it back to stock is remove the SD card (which he never does! It is pretty much useless in its stock form unless you only do light web browsing and read ebooks) My husband LOVES it and couldn't be happier with it. He uses it every day. The only thing it doesn't have that I consider a negative is a camera. MY tablet (Acer Picasso) has a camera and I do actually use it quite a bit, but my husband says he wouldn't use one  on a tablet so it doesn't bother him anyway. He also dowloaded Kingsoft Office and now uses this for work as well. Unbeatable hardware at an unbeatable price.... and don't let the restrictive stock software stop you from buying it... just go around it!!!
9102	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If one rents or gets DVDs from the library, this cleaner may be especially good for your DVD player.  Even if you only play your own DVDs, it is worth buying this for occasionally testing and cleaning your DVD player.  Just put it in the DVD tray and play; this cleaner then automatically stops when done.  Recommended.
I won't hesitate to buy another one in the future if the need arises.  An excellent price ($30) for a good quality mount.  If you want a mount that you can do pull ups on after install, buy the Sanus (and pay 5x more to do it).  If you want a mount that you can safely hang and secure your TV on, save some cash and buy this mount.
8021	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Cannot trust this web site on any level. Merchandise not up to par at all and packaging shoddy, one box even badly taped with no packing material.
7983	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	People sometimes ask me why Ethernet cables come in different colors. It's not because purple cables look cool in your daughter's room. Okay, they do; that wasn't the reason.
4707	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	let's just get past all the bs, okay? they--as in maxell--should still be selling these. I record on them all the time and it's just so fng ridiculous that they could be discontinued, or be sold for fifty dollars. It's true, that no tape really sounds better than these, unless they were to start releasing metal tapes again, which is impossible in this market.
Unwrap cable. Remove rubber band. Now it's getting complicated. Put one end in the modem and the other to the computer.

4073	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	long enough- very clear picture and color- unfortunately it didn't survive twisting around a broom handle - but if you don't bend it too much it can work perfect.
6964	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to extend a USB cable in order to plug the cable into a wall charger instead of the PC.  Very sturdy well-made cable.
6401	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is amazing! I highly recommend it because it is long enough and is always working
Country singer, Rye Crenshaw, sneaks away to enjoy some comforting diner food, but ends up being comforted by the cook.  Not at first!  She was not into country music or country cowboys.  And he was not into petite, intelligent women.  Let me tell you... there were lots of tingles in this book!  The romance grew and developed, and then it crashed and burned, and came back again full force.  THIS is what romance is all about!
But after a while, it started poking up a little in the middle of the cover, so I ordered a couple more covers from the same seller.
227	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	small and ideal for small albums of photos.  We traveled to Cape Cod for four days and the photos we took were perfect for this small attractive album.
4996	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We were getting very grained tapes that we could not play back very well. After cleaning the heads with this wet cleaner, we now get a very clear play back picture. Good product.

5977	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as intended. Thanks!
Voila!  This card is working like it should in my Note 3!!!  I have a huge music collection which I like to have with me to feed through my car BT stereo, and I can finally HAVE all of my music with me, all of the time - no matter the mood of the day, I am able to play what I want!  I also have a huge photo collection, which I need with me at all times as a portfolio, and I can now do that, as well.
But not everyone is likely to have noticed that, I suppose; it's just one of those things I noticed. There was also a comment that really started me thinking. Someone said, "Apparently quite a few people who dabble in the occult top themselves." Weirdly enough, this sort of attitude seems to be fairly wide-spread, because I had a doctor tell me as much at one point. A lot of people seem to think that people who are involved in the occult or supernatural or consider themselves Pagan because despondent as a result (for some reason). I don't think that's the way things work at all. I think people who tend to be despondent about how the world is tend to turn toward the occult and supernatural and Paganism as a place to belong, as a place where they won't be constantly judged and have fingers pointed at them and told they are going to hell. I think these people are just a lot more likely to take their own destiny into their own hands and decide to move on to what comes next sooner out of a hope that it is better than the mess this world is in. That's what I think.
You are immediately drawn into the Ryan family through Tom's internal dialogue, and through interaction with his mother, father, sisters and brothers.  You're given a clear-- at least according to the legend-- concise "picture" of the family and their strengths and weaknesses.  They each become someone you feel you know intimately.  Especially Harry.  Sweet, special Harry.
5937	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very happy with results.
2837	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Effectively cleared up multi-transformer wall outlet traffic jam. 120/240 capable with 2 amp per port available. Seems well built.
8898	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
8874	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	excellent
9378	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	found an extra unit at a thrift shop and now all the grandkids can use one. Tell them to watch U tube on the how -to.

1190	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I got this as a  birthday gift from my kids. I was really excited to get a reader but because of some diabetic retinopathy I couldn't read it well. I need something with a backlight. I tried to take it back to Barnes and Noble to purchase a more expensive one that I could use but as always they were not willing to help me. They are the worst at customer service I have ever seen. I won't buy anything from them ever again. They are just unwilling to help. They always have a very lame excuse. I've asked my kids not to buy anything for me from them every again. I sure won't. This NOOK is of no use to me at all, it's not easy to use or easy to read and I just wanted to trade it in, pay more for something I could use but they said sense I had opened the package and tried to use it that I could not return it. Now I have a NOOK that is of know value at all to me and a store that is unwilling to help me in any way even though I had a receipt and an unused product. I will buy product from Amazon because they are so good to support their customers but I won't buy any product that is a Barnes and Noble. product at all.


8448	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Management fails to acknowledge defects. YOU WILL BE STUCK WITH DEPENDABLE RESOURCE PRODUCT AND DEFECTS. I wish I never bought from Dependable Resource. DO NOT BUY. VERY TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE with Dependable Resource DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS go without acknowledgement.
For those using it to clean audio devices,you pop it into the disc player-and listen to the directions.
Never having owned a functioning 3G eBook-reader, I never really missed it with my home Wi-Fi. I have discovered several places close to where I "haunt" which have AT&T free to my nook. I already have a huge collection of books lined up for me to read... so feeling a "need" for the 3G seems unlikely. I have always done this, collected books that line up, ready for me to read. (By the way... the in store B&N Wi-Fi connection has s*cked at every B&N store I have been to. Amazingly Border's free Wi-fi worked better, I just couldn't buy through the B&N store. I had to go to my smart phone, buy the book, and it uploaded.)
- back and forward buttons are a little tiring to fingers after a while, so left hand holding is only comfortable for a while.  Right hand can always tap gently on the screen instead of the button. Kindle 3 and 4 have easy buttons to push.
PRO

1838	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My son (11) and I have just received the book, so this is a "first impressions" review. We went right ahead and built "The Snatcher" which is a beautiful robot and also teaches how to perform two actions with a one motor.
There is adequate charge in two regular NP batteries to allow me to run 400-500 high res still images on my Sony Mavica CD digital camera.  This accessory is worth every penny!
They are about 2.75" outside diameter, 2.25" inside diameter (very thick wall, well-rounded & comfortable), and just under 6" high, with a solid .25" base at the bottom (which almost looks clear, at certain angles). You can see the little "bump" on the bottom where the glass gets broken away from the firing rod-thingie (pontil?) during their creation. They are hefty, but still comfortable for small hands (my guy and I have separate glasses, his are too big and heavy for me). I probably wouldn't give them to kids, though.
-BN.com has a Free NookBooks section, but for some reason, not all the free eBooks are listed. I saw some Kindle titles that were available for free, and when I searched on BN.com, turns out they were free there as well.
I've had the Nook (3 of them, actually) and am returning it before my 14 day window is up.
8485	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this mic to put it on my Audio-Technica headphone AD700s, I knew cutting the plastic headband off if the microphone was garbage I'd just have to eat the cost. Luckily as others have suggested on forums and even in reviews here the mic works great, had to use some industrial strength sticky tape to keep them on the metal of my headphones, but for the price this microphone is unbeatable in sound quality.

4147	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got this so I would have extra for my wand, haven't had anything to complain about with it at all.

5672	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you've got any devices that have cables, this is the best system for keeping the cables controlled.  Whether you're traveling or simply want to gather cables together so they're not hanging or lying all over the place, these "ties" do the job.
7057	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable works.  Period.  Haven't had it long, but big surprise . . . chances are, whatever you pay on amazon will be a lot less than your local retailer.
5065	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great shower radio.  It has a good FM and AM signal, ok TV signal for local channels (though after next year I don't think that will work anymore when signals get switched to digital).  10 FM presets, 5 AM presents allow both me and my wife to get all the stations we like when waking up.
I can't write too much as I don't want to give spoilers.
2901	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great .As described. Thank you.

1830	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well written could relate to the charactors.
Notes
6572	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	cleans well
1640	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great story that keeps you on the edge of your seat after the first couple of chapters.  Builds to an interesting climax.
7203	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This Kreg bench clamp table top is great for building wood working projects.  This item can be purchased with an optional steel leg system to be used as a stand alone work bench, but my shop is already cramped, so I opted for the table only.  I place this on top of my table saw or work table when I need it and put it away when not in use.  The sliding self adjusting clamping system that is located on two adjacent sides of the table work very well.  Four alignment blocks that also work in this track system really helps align your work pieces when assembling your project.
4297	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
8656	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Worked well.  As others said, cord is too short.  now looking for a quality extension cord.
3552	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very High Quality and what a deal! Fast shipping. I trippled the memory on my Galaxy S4 for only $22.90  ship. Anyway now i can have all my music and videos and pictures on my new external memory and my phone runs great. I have the Samsung Galaxy Gear watch so I needed more room to install programs for the gear. Awesome deal!
7665	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cute and practical. Works well.
3453	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	When I bought this cable back in April, it was 6 feet long and worked perfectly. I accidentally broke it, so I figured I could order another of the same. However, it turns out there are multiple sellers of the product, and there's no way of knowing which length cable they'll send you.
8024	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly easy install would buy again if I need more of this item, A plus and good price too
6393	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should!
7793	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good and worth to the price.
2277	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My daughter loves them.
7804	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good, Cord is plenty long enough

formula rendering in medium font is a mess however text is readable. i would have expected developer of the device spent more time on fine-tuning the text rendering on ebook reader.
6105	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
5990	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great
7396	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A wonderful product.  Eleven hours of battery life, a robust slot-in design, and the sound quality of discs I record with it is better than my Sony Discman playing the original CD.
8326	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Once upon a time I got sick of the gunk build up on all the mice and trackballs I had used, it got to the point where they would bump and jump on the mouse pads.  I was intrigued when I saw the technology used in the  Trackman line, detecting position using the tiny dots on the ball.  Now  having used the FX Trackman at home and at work for over 3 years, I find  that it is the still the best input device of its kind, including the new  MSFT optical mice. Once one gets used to the button placement and develops  the dexterity to utilise the trackball, constantly smooth and consistent  movement will reward them. With no moving parts for the tracking assembly  the user only rarely [once a year?] has to pop the ball out and clean the  sensors. This trackball does very well in digital art work with Photoshop  and is especially excellent when used to play classic trackball arcade  games through Mame32 emulation, Missile Command, Tempest, Centipede,  Arkanoid, etc. The tertiary buttons are recognized and used as scroll wheel  counterparts in Win2k; it's a nice fluff feature. My only wish would be  that Logitech eventually upgrade them to use USB so I can plug them into my  MSFT keyboards. Otherwise, highly recommended.
4933	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this to clean the VCR player component on a combo machine when we noticed the picture from the VCR was pretty shaky. Despite using the dry head cleaner that was on hand, we noticed no improvement. Apparently this wet cleaner was exactly what was needed. The picture shaking disappeared and did not return.
4561	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works wonderfully I'll write an update if anything happens to sound quality in the next few months
7043	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You can always count on Belkin products. This one does the job for me.
I have a nook also and love mine.
Excellent seller.
7369	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I can always use these tapes.  They're like a staple for me.  The seller was fast!
A Guide to my Book Rating System:
4466	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i have a old cassette deck that i like to record live bands in my area, maxell has the best sounding playback around, they are better then those other bands.plus i get fast shipping, THANKS
-push to talk built in
before uttering or writing in blood, "You're going to hell, Jack
3936	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I lost a previous adapter for my Nuvi Garmin and when I ordered this wasn't sure if it would work. Not only did it arrive quickly, I installed it on my laptop and updated my Nuvi in minutes.  Like that it is simple and compatible with my product. Looks like this is just a standardized adapter but glad it worked!

More than once while reading this book, I had to force myself to stop reading in go to bed. Only a great book will make me do that.
5595	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It;s so much easier to wrap a long cord and put a velcro tie to hold the cable in a shorter,bundle than having several feet of all the cords.
But then a little girl needs Mary's help, and Mary hopes to help them. Can her past stay hidden long enough for her to give the hope she longs to give?
Overall, buy these if you are desperate for headphones and on a severe budget crunch.  Otherwise, do what I'm doing right after writing this review, and fish out a bit of extra money for actual high-quality headphones.
Overall, my first impression is a very good one. The price is comparable to the Amazon and M-Edge covers, the presentation was lovely, and having a notepad with the Kindle is good if you need to jot down ideas, swatches of interesting text that bomb through your head (this happens to me you see...) or whatever. One of the other Amazon reviews talks about having difficulty finding replacement notepads. That's as may be, and we'll see what happens at that time. I may have to darken the door of a bookstore that carries Moleskines to see what's what, or search online. These notepads are wider than traditional reporter notepads, and are not spiral-bound like all the ones I've had. The lack of a rigid back is disconcerting, though I might just try sliding a piece of cardboard into the pocket in front of the back cover to see how that does.
4925	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was going to buy a new DVD player...but I tried this first and my old player works like new.

1735	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As much as I hate classes that require the i>clicker, it works fine, has a long range, and is well designed. Only problem I have is with the expense, but there aren't any cheaper alternatives so it's fine.
6420	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've bought this brand for decades in both their Beta and VHS versions. From time to time, I have used other brands with disappointment in the labels, tape case, tape sleeve and of course the tape quality. Truly a great tape at a very reasonable price!
9511	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, very good quality
6244	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just as it should be. This was the right length for my needs, works great. Ordered rather then purchased at a local store because Amazon can get it to me before I can fit another errand into my busy schedule.
9450	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been initially looking for 1/2 inch label cartridges for my labeler (Brother PT-1950 P-touch PC-Ready Labeler for Small Workgroups) which was the standard cartridge for the labeler.  During my search, I found the 3/4 inch label cartridge and decided to give it a shot.  You can get some really LARGE labels out of the 3/4 inch labels.  Highly recommend to anyone with using any labelers out there.
8704	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this camera after reading several reviews here, on CNET, and also by visiting webcam sites that use this particular camera.  I heeded the advice of reviewers to go directly to 3com's site to download the latest drivers for this, and installed those first instead of using the CD-ROM.  No problems on a Micron, 450MHz, 96 RAM, WIN 98 machine.  I installed the software no prob, BUT be forewarned the Webcam32 software (to create your own webcam on the internet) included is *not* registered!  You will have to pay for it if you plan to use it for more than an hour.  I did pay, just because I wanted this specifically for a webcam.  I'm not that crazy about the Webcam32 software though - it feels quite amateurish.  Alas, it's the only thing I have, so I will stick with it.  Apparently many other webcam creators like it.  The low light performance of this camera is excellent.  It self adjusts to many light situations.  Even the largest image resolution is very clear. I previously had a Logitech QuickCam Web USB Camera, but the image was quite grainy on that, and it was hard to get anything clear in a dark situation.  But it's user friendliness was excellent.  And it had a convenient FREE membership to spotlife.com, that hooked it's software into Logitech's, which did all the work for you to send a webcam image to their site. (with a quick refresh time as well).  I only wish this 3com camera had something as useful and easy software-wise. Also no problems with angling of the camera in the direction you want, as I read in another review.  Perhaps I got an improved version?  The cable doesn't weigh it down at all, and it sticks in the position you put it.  3com has discontinued this camera, so get it while you can for good quality!  This camera is quite small unlike the photos.  If you are just starting out, you might want to consider another cam for ease of use.
I give this device two stars because it will work after a fashion.  Their technical support is none existent even though they claim that support is available 24/7.  Bull.

6137	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and you can't beat the price.  BestBuy gets about $25 for a similar cable.  I would buy it again.
661	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cannot beat this deal anywhere else on the web!  All other retailers are over-priced for what you are getting - a couple pieces of fabricated metal to hold a TV that articulates! This mount is reasonably priced.
8764	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Otherwise very good - Never tested limits of the battery - have used on AC generally - works very well, pricey - I would wait for one more generation if too expensive
Hands down, for the money there is no finer Tablet than this Nook.  Some reviewers say they're going to get a Sony or a Galaxy for their features. I have no quarrel with that, but you pay for those features.  Sony and Galaxy are fine tablets--I've tried them out, too.  However, the Sony is on sale for $399.99 this month, and the 32 bit is on sale for $499.99.  Comparing it side by side with the Nook, the Sony salesperson said, "Wow! it's as good as the Sony!"  Yes, and for about the half the price.
5094	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Replaced my last Sony ICF which lasted 5+years in the shower. Great reception, good speaker, enjoy the multiple channels of AM/FM/TV. Surprised Sony has not tried to improve or 'update'. Good buy, no other item or brand comes close for the quality and price.
9894	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like labeling things... boxes so I know what's in them, devices so I know what they're specifically for, warnings etc.  The great thing about this item is that there is no white strip to show what's there.  The clear background works very nicely against the objects own color(s) making the words look like part of the original.

I have only played with it for one day but I have no regard in erasing the factory OS and replaced it with the newer OS.  Another advantage is the Nook only comes with 32 gb internal memory.  If you are willing to part way with the B&N OS, you can have up to 64 gb storage between internal and external memories.  I don't know if the external can take more than 32 gb as I am using the micro sd card which was running Kit Kat OS.  I will look into that later.



pro.
I rated it a 4 instead of a 5 because of the price.  This is the second one that I have purchased in the past 3 years.  Old technology but does what I needed.
204	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice photo album


5925	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good quality, good product, works great
3027	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Either it doesn't like XP, or XP doesn't like it.  The enclosed driver disc loads & runs, but it will only read cd's.. The DVD function will not work at all.. Oh Well, you buy cheap, you get cheap.


9528	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have ordered this a few times now and it always fits and works great. It lasts us a while too!
4643	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This works great and saved me $$$$ that a newer vehicle would have cost.  Plug it in and listen to whatever you've got on your phone or access stations through your phone.  It's fun to listen to foreign stations, etc.

3212	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	one worked the other one didn't
(2) Noticeable video artifacting (jaggies, combing, moire, etc.) on ordinary DVD discs that have scenes with "difficult" MPEG encoding.
Then I just copied the data from my old card to the new card and all is well.
The Nook doesn't handle pdf's well on its own, but there is a work around. Download Calibre, bring your pdf's into it and then convert them into epubs. Once you do that, you will be able to highlight and take notes like you can with the actual books.
Cons: None

The battery life is insane.  If you turn off WIFI, which should be normal unless you are looking for another book, the battery doesn't need recharging for weeks on end.  Page turning is a simple touch to the left or right of the screen.  Assignable buttons are also provided for pagination but they require a rather firm press.  I found most of the time I don't use them.
6527	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far these VHS tapes have come in handy. I am one of the few people who records on them and I enjoy doing it.
4026	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	awesoooome
8872	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked like a charm

9870	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have an old model P-Touch but it works excellent. I've had it for many years and have never had a problem with it. Glad to still be able to find tape cartridges.
I also bought a green band and I think this one is a little narrower than the standard green bands you see in the gym.  I wanted this to help my wife do pull-ups, and this does the trick!  She's pretty excited she can work her way up to unassisted pull-ups!
7655	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great hub. Work well. This is part of my first network that I installed myself. I used all Netgear compnents and I am pleased with the simplicity of the installation. Just plug and go. I do recommend the  Netgear FA310TX Nic's also.

Disclosure: I bought this book for myself. All opinions are my own.


I bought mine at the local B&N store and there's a lot of help available there if you need it, which is a huge bonus if you are tech challenged and need advice and help locally.  Very friendly staff and great customer service, what a novel concept!  ;)
3215	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't work. Neither USB Mouse or USB Keyboard to the respective PS/2 connectors work with this device. Doesn't work as advertised. Tested with 3 different keyboards.
A few other thoughts after a few months of use:

7304	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed to allow my users to connect to our CNC machines from their laptops.  Great price, I couldn't make them for this price.

This model, unlike some of the competition is all leather on the outside. Lesser models have leather faces on them, but then they have plastic sides. There is plenty of room for everything in here. I have a 15.4 inch laptop, and I can store the large section of the A/C adapter in the same section. They even have an adjustable dividing flap in that section so it does not touch your laptop. The remaining detachable plug in cord of the adapter goes in the compartmentalized section of the case with all of the other items, like wireless mouse, cable connector for my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vantec-LapCool-4-LPC-420-Foldable-Notebook-Cooler-with-4-Port-Hub-Black/dp/B000FKG84C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vantec LapCool 4 LPC-420 Foldable Notebook Cooler with 4-Port Hub (Black)</a>&nbsp;which sits neatly under the laptop since folded up for transport it only takes up .9 inches of space. (9/10ths of one inch) So this case has ample room for my HP 50G-133US laptop as well as the .9 inch cooler sitting underneath. With the velcro secured tie down strap, nothing moves.
The Smile just has too many compromises. The lens is a tiny fixed-focus item that requires bright light to form an image. Battery life is abysmal- it seems to chew up a pair of AAs shooting a dozen pictures. I should have spent $200 and gotten a far better camera.
Suggestion:  If you have a $100 budget and do not mind the tablet does not come with cameras and GPS, an excellent option would be to get a pre-owned Nook and spend $15 for the Lollipop upgrade.  You will get a very decent tablet with 1080p resolution for around $100.


7352	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed this for my old computer, which I use when I want to pretend it's still the 90s. I had a slight fear that the extra length - my keyboard's already long cable plus this one - would cause problems with the strength of the signal, but everything's fine. And how sweet it is to finally be able to sit at my desk, far from that computer, without a keyboard cable stretched across my monitor screen.
3836	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used it as a behind the wall cable from my cable box to my tv.  Works great. Highly recommend this seller and product.  I'll bet Tarzan could even use these to swing from living room to bedroom and not miss a moment of viewing between televisions scattered in his jungle.  Lol.  Works great.
8686	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The mic works well, and has a built in speaker, so you can have the audio feed close at hand.
6496	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i love this patch cable it works great and better than the after market i had speed is faster and better shipment was fast thank for a great product
2663	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can you say? It worked and it was cheap. What else can you want.
9657	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is exactly what I wanted and works great.
Quality:  These are lightweight but they appear to be very well made (time will tell how long they hold up).  I can not see any obvious areas for concern.  The hinges are strong and stable and have their own built in backup for added support.  The cord is robust and nicely secured to the earmuff, there is a 60 degree bend at the jack - nice touch.  5 stars for quality!
The mount arrived quickly and was well packaged. Unfortunately, the arm was welded to the wall bracket at a slight angle, meaning that regardless of how it would mount it and the LCD would never be level.
Then, when the tape ran out, we purchased more via Amazon.  Wow, these refills are unreasonably expensive!  Brother clearly has a "give away the razors and sell the blades" philosophy, seemingly making all of their money on the tape.  But we bought it anyway, cause what else were we going to do?  We were stuck.
9101	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Must have and does adequate job of cleaning your DVD player. I like the sound calibration tool - it maybe useful to some users.
8351	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	If this is your first headset or you don't plan to have heavyuse, this is as good as it gets. ...the sound quality is goodand it is relatively comfortable. However, if you are going to spend time with this, the Plantronics M175 by far worth the additional expense. Much more invisible from the stand point of the user (you completely forget its on your head) and the listener on the other end. I have them both and switch to the Plantronics unit when I know it is going to be a long call or I going to be moving about.
Some people complain about hissing sounds and I would like to clarify that. These headphones have got 2 systems: 1)normal headphones and 2) noise-cancelling headphones. There are situations where you do not need the noise-cancelling function and you'd be better off turning the circuit system off. When you turn in on in an environment where it is not needed, you will be able to hear a hissing sound that can become annoying. Just turn it off and they'd be fine. As I've mentioned before, these don't promise silence. (Neither do any other headphones.) When you are in a very noisy place, you will not hear the hissing; instead, most of the low grumbling noise will disappear, allowing you to enjoy your music a great deal more.

9632	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly
Looking for cables? Go with Belkin, go with snagless. You'll save yourself a lot of grief.
5287	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got these headphones long time ago and still enjoy them! They are so good - you just listen to your music and nothing else outside. They have few jacks to fit to different systems, so it can be universal to many audio electronics. Also it stratches somewhat, so it can fit to different sizes of head.
I tried plugging it into my PC, hoping it was a charger issue. Nothing. Bricked. Tried the long double button hold trick. Bricked.
2978	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap and cheesy. Got it broker and returned it.

9038	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like it

Allows me to read books more quickly,not sure why, faster page turning, easier to find where you left off, maybe easier to read for longer periods of time, easier to carry with you anywhere maybe?.

3684	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Reading some of the reviews made me nervous to buy it but its been about a month and it makes my phone move so much faster and I have more than enough space for pictures, videos, and movies.
Now that I've been using it more, I have to say I'm incredibly impressed by how well this technology that was designed in 2011 holds up today. I have zero complaints about it, hardware or software. I doubt I'll feel even the slightest urge to purchase a newer e-reader until this one bites the dust. The text is clear and crisp. The device itself is lightweight, feels good in the hand, and is pretty much the exact size and shape I would want--not too big, not too small.


1. slightly cheaper with no tax and easy to return; amazon.com's wonderful return policy. (so far I have bought hundreds of products on amazon, and returned only a few of them but the reason why I bought them here is because of the return policy. amazon.com is simply the best online retailer in the US with the best customer service). BN will impose restocking fees if you have opened it. But BN offers some deals when you visit one of their stores if you live near-by.
The Bad
2115	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	light has lasted a long time with a 5 yr old and 7 yr old


166	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does exactly what is says.  Can't get any better than that!  Nice to be able to watch movies on the big screen as opposed to my little Nook screen!
8293	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought them for my wife as a xmas gift. She likes to watch the stars. She loves them. They are perfect,I also enjoy them.
1654	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Apart from the fact that it's slow and rather poorly written, this so-called "supernatural thriller" fails at its central premise. I'm surprised that no reviewer here has yet pointed out the elephant in the room (well, one reviewer sort of mentioned it), but our elephant is right there and it's impossible to avoid it: You cannot sell somebody else's soul to any devil, from Satan down. Period. If there is anything most Christian religions agree on, is that. This novel's main idea is that a man has sold his not-yet-conceived son's soul to a devil and now the son, a grown man when we meet him, must try to lawyer his way out of a contract he never signed. Leather uses a lot of Christian paraphernalia and ideas to deliver a message that contradicts everything Christian doctrine teaches. Just think about it. If such a deal were possible it would be the religious equivalent of borrowing from the Mob and telling the wise guys that your neighbor, or your nephew, or Bill Gates will pay the debt, "your" debt. The Mob could take deals like that but it doesn't because it understands that such a business wouldn't work at all: there is a logic to extortion and the mafia is a business after all. And there is a logic to the idea of hell, Satan, his demons, and Heaven, God and His angels. You can't have Satan and his minions happily getting fat on souls that had nothing to do with the deal, even if those souls are corruptible, even if we apply the dubious medieval concept of Purgatory and babies who die unbaptized. What Leather, the author, does, is to take what seems like a good prop from religion (the concept of Good and Evil as metaphysical entities) and twist it to suit his novel's plot. But the whole concoction comes up burned on top and uncooked in the middle. Maybe he will explain this unholy mess in the next two books, and one way is to say that blood rules, that a father, genetically linked to a descendant, can, indeed, sell his descendant's soul to a devil. But that wouldn't save this novel or the trilogy from choosing and picking badly. One tenet that Leather ignores to the detriment of his book, and he does so because it demolishes the plot, is that people choose to sell to the devil or his minions the only thing worth pursuing, from a religious standpoint: their souls. They can't barter their children's souls away any more that they can barter what isn't theirs, because their children's souls are not theirs to barter. If we go the Calvinist route, Leather can't even write his book, since Predestination trumps everything and those who'll be saved will be saved no matter what a devil or Satan himself may want or do. And here we come to a very important point that Leather forgets in his very disrespectful romp through two thousand years of belief: this is about souls, not lives, so the stakes are infinitely higher. I am an atheist, but I understand Christianity, and one essential aspect of it is that God may seem uncaring at times, indifferent, or downright cruel to us humans, but He is never impotent, and He is never weaker than Satan and his minions. Remember, God "made" Satan and all the angels that chose to follow him in the Fall. Does it even seem remotely possible that the creator of Heaven, Earth, and the Universe, the one whose name Leather's characters invoke several times in the book, especially at the end when trying to communicate with a soul, would allow unborn children's souls to be carried away by the truckload by the likes of Azazel, Asmodeus, or, in the novel's case, Proserpine? Afraid not. It just doesn't work that way. When writing fantasy, if the writer forgets or ignores his own universe's rules, he weakens the story and may even fatally damage the entire book. Leather has chosen to write a fantasy novel using, badly, some concepts from established Christian religions, ignoring most of them, and serving us a bad attempt at the supernatural. But supernatural does not mean careless and free-for-all. The elephant is right there in the room and the whole house has collapsed around it.
6111	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works
1829	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great read. Addicting. Strong woman as the lead character, I likes.
A couple of days ago, I just pulled the cable out as I've done many times before, and out came one of the USB ports!  Something inside that held the sockets in place somehow broke and now it is completely busted.
Sad to say, I really can't recommend any current eBook reader. Either they're too clumsy to use (Nook), have no books available for them (Sony), or have a proprietary eBook format that locks you into a single vendor (Kindle). I'm seriously considering buying an iPad, yes, it will only work for 9 hours or so on a battery charge, but that's true of the Nook too in real actual use and the iPad is usable for a lot of other things too. It's just disappointing that I can't get an ePaper-based reader that meets my criteria (non-proprietary ebook format, long battery life, compact, decent user interface), and instead have things either crippled by bad design decisions or crippled by having a proprietary ebook format that locks you into a single vendor. Well, I don't like crippled, so I'll look elsewhere, thank you very much...
6331	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	No problem encountered, and the item was delivered on time.

I find it useful and much easier than the manual.  It is also easier to replace eventually instead of wearing thin the manual from flipping through it.
2522	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The USB car charger is great.  It allows for a passenger riding with me to also charge their phone without waiting on the other to finish.
My Thoughts: After reading Once Bitten a couple years ago (review linked here where formatting allowed), I went through Stephen Leather's available books and added a number to my wishlist. When Midnight, the 2nd book in this series, came available through Vine, I saw it was on my list and grabbed it and then bought this book (first in the series). My point is I enjoy this author's writing style and expected something that was dark but with a touch of humor, and that was exactly what I received. The story is fast-paced and furious, often quite dark and nasty, but with unexpected bits of humor to lighten things just when it is most needed.
Third, no pen loop. They give you a notebook and a spot for your iPad, but nowhere to hook a pen. Yes I can carry a pen in my pocket, but you would think for the cost there would be a small loop to hold a pen or iPad Stylus like the pogosketch.
5637	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My stereo system was a jungle of wires once i used these cable times I tamed that jungle.  I love that I can remove the cables that I no longer need and add new cables without cutting cable ties.
6663	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Does not clean, they're just dry, safe wipes
Speaking of the physical store, I also like that I can read any book for FREE for up to an hour a day in the store.  That gives me the opportunity to read alot more of a book than just what they provide as a "free sample" and lets me decide whether to purchase the book or not.
Let me tell you a success story:
4418	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great value
625	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great for the money. No problems with installation, everything included. I like that all the screws were with this product. I would buy another
Very limited accessory options compared to even Kindle HD devices
4272	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product

This radio has some very good qualities.
7830	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what is expected.
I wasted 25 minutes trying to figure out how to make it work, and finally I packed the device and returned it to the seller. I ended up paying the shipping cost.

8572	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin isn't high in terms of consumer name recognition - but they produce a pretty wide range of products.  Cables to Routers.  I've never been disappointed in any of their products which deliver to value pretty dependably.  This cable is another one of those products.  A simple product (VGA Extension Cord) - but it needs to work reliably.  This cable was nearly the least expensive one available - and it works well / as expected with higher resolution.  I'd buy as many more as needed without any regret or remorse.
In reading reviews of other headphones while trying to make my selection, I found that a major problem with closed-back designs is that the sound resonates and distorts, making it sound like tin cans over your ears.
4674	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast Shipping! Works Great and easy to use!

5547	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a high quality shower head.  The hot water feature is an added extra that works perfectly every time. Easy to install and operate - every home should have one or two.

8857	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This bag seems durable, the elastic top keeps stuff from flying out, and the easy dump bottom makes dumping it in the dumpster easy.  What more do you want from a trash bag?
The Superradio III's AM is leaps and bounds beyond any radio you can buy. No comparison. And the reason is plain: Other radios have a conventional four-inch internal ferrite AM antenna. The Superradio's ferrite antenna is in contrast eight inches.
668	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I thought this was a great value for a wall mount.  I have installed a 32 inch tv in my bathroom with this unit.  It worked well with the Visio TV that I bought.  It looked it it could accomodate many other tvs because there were a variety of holes on the mounting bracket.  Is it the best quality ever, no.  It is decent quality, and it worked well for me.
9656	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was easy to install and works as expected. I have had no problems using it as of yet.
8574	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	??? In this review I was asked to rate 1-5 stars on this product's ease of use and sound quality - i have no idea why, as this is strictly a visual product.

 the lever that releases the pan and tilt head broke off. Other than that this is a good starter tripod.
3181	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	don't spend money on this, takes forever to install but never gets installed
2600	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great charger for 2 devices and i haven't had any problems so far 3yrs now
As most of the old school users will remember, these adapters came with every keyboard and computer system until the motherboard manufacturers finally switched over the standard input type. It was a welcome change too!
7784	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works/fits fine,...
489	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great and is so much cheaper than the more expensive versions at the Big box stores. It is super easy to install yourself too. You just need a drill and a ratchet set to get it into the stud (oh yea a stud finder too).
102	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My son crewed my HD charger cord so I needed another one, this is exactly like the one my son destroyed.
110	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This device work great just what I needed it to do.
8543	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased to use second monitor on my PC. Configuration of my setup required a longer VGA cable. Does the job perfectly!
JTG
might be useful in boosting the 5 GHz wireless signal on the third floor.
5448	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great headset.  The volume is just a little lower than I would have expected but overall I am very happy with this headset and I would buy another if I had the need.
9626	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works great.
Thanks to everyone that takes the time to review products. It is a big help.
My wife then started getting a bunch of free samples of books, and bought several of them.  They all downloaded except one stubborn one.  That book would load just fine on all the other Nooks in our house (the other two Tablets and we have two original Nooks, as well).  I sent an email to technical support and received the usual "we got your request and will reply as soon as possible" message, along with the addition that they are experiencing a high volume of help requests.  That was a week ago and we still have not heard back.  After a few days, though, we physically took the Nook to the store to get help.  Nothing worked; off/on, archive/unarchive, even de and re-registered the device (losing our wifi and email configs in the process).  This book still will not load.
Well, it remains a gorgeous monitor when it decides to work, but I've had to retire it.  When it's running, it runs beautifully, but I have *endless* headaches whenever I need to reboot the monitor - in most cases, the monitor just does not turn on.  I can usually get it to turn on by repeatedly unplugging the video cable, wait a few seconds, then plug it back in.  Using the power switch has no effect.
8808	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
9031	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
3451	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	All it said it would be. Nice to have more room on my phone!
9174	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great
9563	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked fine
The cord is good quality and I am happy, have gotten a few more since.
Here's some more detail:
7138	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Extremely low price at a high quality made. The cost of it is only a small fraction of any cables price at stores.
3797	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	At a much lower cost than many cost this does the job very well if you want to do extended work with your Garmin GPS away from a car, like when I was adding all my addresses to it.
The other two tablets I purchased were for Christmas for my wife and son, and that's where the problems started.  My wife gets copious amounts of email from several different accounts and likes to keep it as neat as possible... she also uses her smartphone and computer and doesn't want to have to delete things three times.  The built in email application absolutely sucks.  You can't even empty the trash to completely delete messages you don't want.  We experienced this on our phones and installed the highest rated email app we could find on the android marketplace, which also happened to be a FREE app.  B&N makes nothing by distributing free apps in their marketplace, so this app was not available at all, and the selection was slim for other apps.  Even the touchpad app that people were using to syncronize with Microsoft Exchange servers apparently doesn't work (and is very expensive for an app).
The Kindle version seems to have a few errors that are periodically annoying. Hopefully they will be fixed in a revised version.
5206	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The documentation is terrible at best, but after working through that I'm pleased with the product. I wanted to hook these up to my stereo, but the manual only tells you to use the RCA plugs and connect to the audio out. No stereo I know of has an RCA audio out.... at least not marked that way. Once it dawned on me to use the "tape out" as my audio out I was playing with power tools. Other then the lack of volume control at the receiver, I'm pleased.
5922	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is your stereotypical ethernet cable. It works as intended, I get normal speeds with it, and that's that.
From this point on, it simply refused to open any document I have on it.
571	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great functionality, really incredible price, and a snap to install.  Honestly, ridiculously good product - wish they were all so easy.
Definitely worth the price.
Lovely presentation.
Rating: PG
The one weakness I've found with Netgear is the Tech Support.  Their web site is not the most user-friendly site and it can be a bit of an effort to find a driver or anything.  But it is all there and you can get PDF copies of the manuals and such, so that is helpful.  The one time I've had to contact Netgear phone support (related to a wireless network card) it was not impressive at all.  But for this hub, you should have no need for Tech Support and it is an excellent hub.


8617	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	could have slightly longer cord and larger clip.
6954	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Plug and play, works great. The quality appears to be good for the price. Super saver shipping from Amazon made it an even better deal. I am happy with the purchase.
6981	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Fine sound, good reception over a decent range (looks like I can get around the yard without them making any big complaints), comfortable.
8762	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this DVD player and have had no problems whatsoever.  The picture quality has been flawless, as has the sound.  I have NOT had any lip-sync or fuzzy lines, etc.

9710	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Fine -basically as expected

5427	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
I recommend these Maxell 8 mm tapes, but I would try to get the metal kind if you want REALLY good picture and sound quality.
7560	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Have a small home safe for documents and cash at home.  Wanted to create a deterrent to someone walking off with it.
7626	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item is ideal for my use.  I was using a extension cord and a power strip to accommodate my needs. The added length of the cord simplifies the installation and the smart sockets are adequately spaced to receive all of my cord chargers.  It appears to be a good value.
5354	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, very easy to unplug
8231	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thank you
4670	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this in my car to play mp3's of Rock, D+B, Electronic and some Metal and it all sounds good. Convenient feature allows the cord to come out of either of 4 spots on the cassette so it can fit in any car and lets you control where the cord goes. No problems yet, it does as advertised and as always Amazon rocks with fulfillment.
7315	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works.  It is of good quality.  I am happy with the new parallel port printer cable.  Not much more I can say.

2053	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, uses easy to find AAA batteries, love the blue color, would definitely buy again, great gift for the readers you know too.
5073	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased my second Sony ICF-S79V to replace the first one I purchased almost seven years ago!  That's right...  my first Sony ICF-S79V lasted almost seven years which is why I had no problem replacing it with the same model.  The reason why I had to replace the radio is because the plastic lining that covers the buttons on the top of the radio started to crack and water was entering into the radio causing it to not work from time to time.  The second reason is because after seven years it started to get discolored due to the humid / wet conditons.  I would totally recommend this product because it looks great, last a long time, gets great reception, a huge amount of digital presets and much more!

5965	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect size and quality seems good. Waiting to try it when the device arrives.
9057	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great. Thank you.
2820	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Unit worked for about three months, and went dead! It had a beautiful resolution.... Until it died. The unit DID NOT have an English instruction booklet. Luckily, I was able to return the unit, (got Amazon involved, and they are ALWAYS GREAT). I have to admit, the manufacturer was good enough to pay for return shipping (to Korea). The price reasonable for this 30" monitor. I wound up buying a 27" Asus for about the same money. So far, the Asus is fine. I recommend always buying an extended warranty
5516	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i found it.
I highly recommend this book for anyone who is jumping into the Mac world or other who just aren't that comfortable yet with the MacBook.
9808	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Work perfect- Excellent Price - Great Value
6285	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	as advertised
4658	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I'm actually a bit shocked. I've been using this cassette adapter for the past two years. The sound quality is good, although you can hear some typical cassette noise at higher volumes. The cassette adapter itself is fairly quiet as well. In cold weather, it sometimes sticks a bit. But overall, it has worked quite well. I don't leave my mp3 player in the car, so the stereo cable saw quite a bit of abuse from daily bouts of plugging and unplugging. It managed to last 2 years, which is excellent considering how quickly 8mm stereo cables can develop shorts.
7356	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	QUALITY RECORDINGS!
The connectors still mate and disengage smoothly like the first day I used it, and I am pretty sure that the beefy strain reliefs on each end are responsible for keeping the conductors inside the thick insulator intact. Indeed, as I inspected this cable before writing this review I marveled at the construction and materials. Both are first rate.
It's funny seeing her battle wits with Kylie with each trying to outdo and slam down the other. Although Quinn appears to be of help to Taylor, it's also a testament to the lack of parenting that goes on in the industry.  I'm really not a fan of how teens can do all these things, ruin people's lives and then get completely away with it. The only qualm is that this is a storyline that has been done numerous times. Almost every chick flick that takes place in a magazine setting has done this plot. Therefore you know exactly what's going to happen. However the story is so engaging and the plot is witty and funny that it really doesn't matter and you get sucked up into the the lives of the characters.
9159	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchase Maxell products because they works. Needed to clean the old DVD player. Put the disc in and followed instructions. Simple as that.
209	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice little photo album, wish it could hold more photos tho.
9171	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good
6430	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect as charging cable extension for a ps4.

1487	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I asked for this e-reader for Christmas due to seeing it in a Barnes and Noble store and learning about its features. It  offers greater compatibility with different ebook formats than the Kindle (particularly the EPUB format), has access to special offers when you're inside a Barnes and Noble store, and permits you to lend books to other Nook users. There's also a little color LCD touch screen at the bottom for accessing menu options.
8228	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works fine I am glad I ordered, or would have lost some critical data, and many photo's that are very dear to me.

-reads formats natively that the Kindle won't



I understand that it's a very affordable mount, and that most of my issues may have been resolved with a replacement. However, I just can't give this mount any higher rating than I have.
5052	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product - in 10 years I have only replaced the batteries three (3) times!!!  That other fellow had to have had a defective product - should have gotten a replacement.
I don't know whether it's the size, the shapes, the smells, or what it is about these Kong toys, but they are just so terrific. He wrestles with them and chews on them and  we play catch with them as well,  and they really take a beating and keep on ticking. He loves them all (though Mr. Moose is probably still the favorite with the alligator a close second.)
7761	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	standard extension has right angle on plug.
1105	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had an ATOM D2700 CPU desktop, it used to be my firewall for home.  And adding this memory in there, really boosted some power from the original 1GB to 3GB now.
7672	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	High quality patch cables. Would buy this over any cheap cables any day!

9468	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly the product we needed. Love these labels- perfect for around the house storage!!
There's nothing more to say.  This cable works flawlessly with NO issues.

7899	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent
8095	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	always go cheap for digital cables. i found this same cable at Wal-mart for ten times the price. no difference what so ever.
2207	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For someone who has been on the search for the perfect book light for as long as I have been reading (which is quite some time now!), this is perfect.  What clued me in to this product was that one of the previous reviewers spoke of its lightness.  Having used this book light for several months now, I realize that had I purchased something "clunkier" it would not have suited my needs.  This book light is light enough to clip on to a paperback, and of course works perfectly with a hard cover book.  The neck is totally flexible, so you can adjust the light any way you want.  The quality of the light itself is clear and crisp without being overly bright.  The battery power seems to last just as one would hope/expect--I see no need to change the batteries in the near future (I have been using this light for three months now, I think, and I read every night).  Can i say it: POIFECT! :D
589	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item rec'd very quickly and was just as described. This same item is sold at the big boxes for three or four times the price. Included was enough hardware to fill a store and additional brackets to hang most any flat screen TV..
6019	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very inexpensive and works really well. I live in a dorm and wireless reception can get crappy from time to time. Bought 2 of these, one for the PS3 and 1 for the PS4. Now I can finally get Netflix with top speed and not have to worry about my neighbors using personal routers and wireless printers interfering with the connection.

The crystal clear text and easy touch or button navigation make reading a pleasure. There is only a minuscule delay when turning pages. All in all I am delighted by the unit which is good value for something that holds practically my entire library.
3353	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the best way to go next to buying another phone to expand your storage. works great its like getting a new phone .it broth new life into an old phone with no more storage space

If you need a long cable, the price is good.
4299	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good
1011	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Do not work with some photos and video formats
If you are a musician looking to tie up microphone, speaker or instrument cables, these are not suitable.
Would recommend!

451	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it
5479	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good price for this short network cable.
1679	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Although I really think that tweens and teens will thoroughly enjoy "Sleepwalker: The Last Sandman" I think the book has a great story and meaning to offer to adults as well.  The storytelling is tight and fast paced, but it was the sort of book that you almost didn't want to finish, because you knew you'd miss the characters when the last page was done.  The characters are realistic and even in the most fantastic of situations the author finds them in, you can hear the truth of the characters as you read.
Overall, it is a quality useful product. A good buy.
Moral of the story: this cable from Belkin does not function properly. Don't buy it.
8053	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are first-class belkin brand cables.  They're a dirt-cheap add on item that would cost three times the price in local electronics stores.
6525	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Two relatives still have multiple VCRs and they tape a lot of stuff.  Tapes wear out over time so I buy them new tapes once a year or so.  These tapes are a very good price and last for a long time even though my Mom and aunt tape over them maybe hundreds of times in a year.  I have never gotten a "bad" tape or had tapes break.
3876	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	lovr it
9978	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great little kit!
Anyway, which e-reader you get largely boils down to your personal preferences, and which retailer's online library you'd rather have access to. For my part, I think the Nook satisfies all of my needs just fine. Be careful where you buy it from, though. $180, which is the price it's selling for on Amazon right now, is way too much when you can just walk into a brick and mortar store and get it for thirty bucks less.
2389	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	LED is super bright. Can be distracting.
4148	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item was just as described in the ad and arrived on time. It is nice to get a Great Deal.
7110	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've purchased several Belkin cables and they always seem to be well made.  Only problem with this particular cable is that it is not USB 2.0 which I didn't realize when I bought it.  I had intended to attach it to another cable which I purchased at the same time.  According to the instructions, it is not advisable.
I'm up late on my computer sometimes and this light  works great so I can see my keyboard or read and make notes instead of turning on my bed side lamp and disturbing my husband.

9134	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	thank you
7124	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed this size and Belkin is a quality product.
2385	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works but gets hot. Can't use both uses as mine gets too hot and shuts off
Cassette is not obsolete tech, instead, Cassette is "best tech" over all others.
The lousy fit also means the audio quality is very poor, and very low. Most of the sound was probably leaking out (and would thus annoy fellow transit passengers), so even when the volume was at its highest I sometimes couldn't make out the speech in a podcast.
The Nook comes with Pandora and you can also download music from your computer using the USB cord which comes with the Nook.  Pictures, videos and documents can all be downloaded to the Nook, which has built-in folders for each, and, if the 16 Gig iof the Tablet is  not enough for you, you  can put a 32 Gig or smaller SD card.

But, it works,,,, I am happy
5831	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work great and came quickly
-Put it in host mode to attach an external keyboard
6078	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good shipped on time
9522	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	everything ok
2391	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	it's ok
4976	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Does a good job of cleaning heads and improving picture quality. Can't tell when the end of the cleaning tape is reached and should be rewound.
The personalized screensaver is nice.
This one gives a steady 18-22 Mbps transfer rate which is very good in its class & form factor & considering that the card reader I used is based on USB 2.0


There have been no problems so far
The Nook Simple Touch is a great e-reader. If you are looking for a tablet like device to surf the internet and check email, this is not the product for you. The e-ink screen is amazing. It looks like you are reading a physical book. I like that you can turn the page by pressing the buttons or touching the side of the screen. Either way will be useful depending on how you are holding the book. This is very simple, which I love. One night, I was lying down in bed and went to lay the Nook on it's side then immediately jerked it back up before the page orientation changed. Then I remembered that it won't do that; which makes this great for reading no matter what position you may be sitting or lying in.
8033	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I don't no if their is much to say about a Ethernet cable, but it feels like it has a solid build qualities. I have had no problem with the cable. I would recommend this item to anyone.
1252	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought the Nook Touch instead of the Kindle because it was on sale for $75, which is still alot to pay for something that can only be used to read books. I didn't realize that if you buy books from B&N, you can only read them on your Nook, and not on anything else.  So even though you paid for them, those books really aren't your property.  You have no access to them if you don't use their products! Still, I liked the fact that it used ePub, and you had a variety of stores you could buy from and also that libraries have more ePub books available.  However, I just heard that their latest firmware update prevents you from reading any books except those bought from B&N. If I had known this I never would have bought the Nook. It's as consumer un-friendly as you can get!  Really a nasty way to do business.  Amazon is different.  Once you buy a book, it is yours.  You can read it on any device. When it comes to buying books, Amazon is far easier to use and alot more consumer friendly.  The Kindle is by far a better choice of the two.
2006	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A pretty nice quick reference. Please note that this is NOT a replacement for your user manual. It is only a quick refresher guide to give you a quick reminder on which buttons you need to push to get what you want. It is far from complete reference and those that take a star of for it missing stuff are kidding themselves. It does not claim to be a full reference guide. However, if you're not always using the camera and forget how to adjust certain settings this thing is perfect to keep in your bag. This product is not meant for the pro user, but rather targets the beginners and intermediates with easy to follow quick steps to change picture settings.
5473	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this exact same cable in the 25 foot length a couple years ago and was very pleased with it, and needed a longer length for my new setup.  So I went to look for a 50 foot length of the same brand, same model (as it were).  Found it (this one).  Ordered it.  Received it.  Opened it.
4) Ease of use. I really appreciate an AM/FM radio with station presets.
Because neither BlueProton nor Barnes & Noble would take responsibility for the defective product, and their attitude was "Take the money and run!", I'm giving the Nook a low review although later I found an update for the Nook which resolved the problems - with no help or information from either seller or Barnes & Noble!
To me, this eBook is useless, so I am going to return it back today.
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!
2418	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good price, high output

2843	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	so far so good.
7836	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a great power strip.  As many reviewers have pointed out, the design allows you to use ALL the sockets, as the sockets on standard rectangular power strips are often so close together that a plug for one device may block one or more sockets next to it.  It is also the most stable power strip that I own, as the round configuration keeps it solid on the floor exactly where you put it, even on carpet -- instead of leaning, lifting, and sliding around like many rectangular power strips (another plus that other reviewers have noted).  I also like the angled plug that plugs the power strip into the wall.  This allows the cord to point on an angle toward the floor, which helps conceal the cord and keep the power strip stable.  The only reason I did not give it five stars is that the cord that connects the power strip to the wall socket is too long.  I would have been happier with with an 18 to 24 inch cord, as opposed to several foot length of this cord.  Having all this extra cord to some extent defeats the purpose of what is otherwise an unobtrusive and compact power strip.
2553	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works like it is supposed to. Convienent for travel.
1703	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With the storyline taking place in Washington State, The Hunt provides a very entertaining read. Linell Jeppsen does an expert job at bringing her characters alive - including the vampire, even though this is no way near your run of the mill vampire story. Just ask the spirit walker.
2972	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A basic external usb DVD-RW... what we all need in the shop or are service bags just in case...

9140	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works easily.
Cons:
The built-in music player in Android is decent - has been since Android 1.5 - the first version I used.  U can, generally, sort by artist, album, etc, and the UI has dark backgrounds rather than white.  The Nook built-in music player doesn't allow sort. For this, I didn't want to buy a music player, so I went ahead and rooted the device and installed Honeycomb's (Android 3.0's) music player, which is free.  Also put the standard Android YouTube app on since I could now access the Android Market.  The problem wasn't quite solved, because changes to the SD card (adding files) weren't recognized.  I tried Winamp, Songbird and Android 4.0's music player when ICS came out.  They had the same issue.  TTPod does work - you can manually refresh at any time.  I now run Cyanogen, whose music player (modified stock android to add gesture support) works just fine.  They were aware of tablets when they wrote it.
-press and hold on a word to get its definition
7603	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this colorful surge protector. It doesn't take up a lot of space which I like -- I have it on the side of my couch near the wall - so you can't see it, but I get to see it when I plug something in ... highly recommend
4077	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works really well so far.  I do not see any loss in picture quality through this long cable.
1745	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent product
2616	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The good thing is I bought two - the bad thing is my plan to give one of them away was thwarted by one of them being defective. It lights-up but will not charge, any phone or tablet, from any outlet. UPDATE: The seller replaced the defective item at no charge.
3755	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent value
A terrific, fast read
1963	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect for what I purchased for. The light is very bright when directed at a small area. Also has a low setting, which is typically all I need. The clip is strong to allow for secure attachment. I attach it to the car vent and aim it down for log book entries during the night. Works perfect.
-perfect reading screen
820	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No issues. Works with GoPro, GoPro knock-offs, and with the adapter to standard SD cards, with Canon 60D, Canon C100, BMPCC, and Panasonic GH4 cameras.

1784	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice little book.  It was very well written.  I enjoyed and am hooked on the characters.  Going to look for book II right now.
Of course, this advice is lost on young people today with their phone addiction, but for us older folks who still play discs(and demand better sound), it's great.
Adjustable font size so you don't have to squint at small print, display is just like a real page, and you can flip pages with a swipe, a touch, or using the buttons on either side. I can't compare it to a Kindle because I never owned one, but my understanding is that it allows more formats than the kindle does.
5683	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This works really well and is very easy to use
5513	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked great
To their credit, keyboard voices other than piano sounded a little better, so maybe these headphones would be great for listening to techno music or something, but certainly not classical.

4096	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this product for my wireless cell phone and it works very well and the price is just right. I will consider purchasing more in the near future and I will recommend this product to any one who has a digital camera, cell phone or other item that is compatible and useful for it. Don't forget the price is incredible and it is worth it. Everyone should have one before they finish and are unavailable at this great offer. Thanks for this product, I'm pleased with it.
5433	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product -- Functions as intended -- No complaints here --
Even though I doubt I will need speeds over 100mbps, I like having gigabit cables, and I like these cables better than the cheap blue ones on amazon. The cheap blue cables have weak connectors in my experience, and have broken off.

Tiny print on "Goto" destination. Impossible to read while driving.
7322	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	What? Couldn't get ten year old technology to work? Well. It's my fathers computer and his old computer with an existing Zip had died. I had hoped to give him something to download his 15 zip disks onto his new computer. Driver found the zip drive, but the new computer wouldn't read a thing. Heartbreak. But he had a CD burner on the same (old)computer and never got around to converting Zip to CD.
3380	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this device so I can use my laptop and charge my phone during travel to other European countries. But few hours after using it, the fuse blew up and the device didn't work after that. Very disapppointed.
This product is  VERY flakey. After making changes to video settings, you must exit the  program, unplug the device, plug it back in, and restart the capture  program. This seems to be Dazzle's solution for every problem I've  encountered with this piece of uhm.. plastic.
7179	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Unfortunately this wireless modem jack had a substantial amount of line noise.  I was able to connect to the internet at 1/10th the normal speed due to the insufficient connection.  I will give this to another family member to try in a newer house.
And these take abuse, left in your car in winter and summer, etc, they still are OK. Also, may professional recording artists prefer analog to digital, as it seems to capture a warmth and real feel that digital can lack. Recording music on a digital CD is NO guarantee of better sound, in fact, it may not be as good in some cases. That's why I still use a cassette deck in my truck, (a CD player is also present but used less).
6258	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good to have on hand if needed to make A FAST COPY
2. I tried several no Brand cassette adapters (crap! i wasted like 20 bucks on no name version)
1479	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	the battery is great-about 12-14 hours from 80% charged.  I was wondering how i would like an e-reader vers a book, and i must say that i don't even notice the difference.  love everything about it.  The only thing that could be better is the on/off function and wi-fi.  the power button is very sensistive and is tricky to turn on (at first).  the ewifi range is short.  maybe 30 ft from my router is all i can go.  other than that.  it works great, and at a very fair price
4477	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the light weight and the crisp sound quality

The metal "cap" gets pushed inside the plastic case when it gets plugged in and because it can't make a connection it won't work - I used a toothpick to "fix" one of them but the next time I plugged it in the same thing happend

5276	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	These are pretty "meh" noise canceling headphones when they work.  They kinda block some noise, and kinda cancel some.  Thats about it.  Nothing special, nothing to write home about.

5749	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needded
*Has easy step-by-step instructions with numbered illustrations
9691	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have labeled everything in our garage and my craft room!  So easy to find what you are looking for!
6806	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very handy. And reusable. well, .....now I have to provide more words.... Handy, handy, handy! I just need to remember to use, especially on RENTAL DVDs.

218	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	cute

4533	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good cleaning kit
this book helps you fill in the gaps, I have used chrome a few times before I bought my

4264	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Cables just didn't hold up.  Connectors did not maintain their shape andelectrical connection failed.  Cables stopped charging my phones.  Had to buy other cables. Original list price $19.99, on sale $2.58 with free shipping.  What was I thinking?  If they had to discount the product that much to sell it, what is it really worth?
I didn't like that it get dirty quickly from abroad.

5005	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I routinely use this product as standard VCR maintenance, and when the 'heads' become fouled after playing a dated VHS tape, resulting in poor video quality, I simply clean the unit utilizing this product, achieving marvelous results - the simple, yet highly efficient cleaning this product does, restores the picture perfectly!
I usually use the low setting.  I do adjust it slightly depending on which page I am reading but the neck is very flexible.  Better than any book light that I have ever had.  It doesn't work very well for magazines and newspapers as the whole setup bends the pages.  I suggest a thin piece of plywood or cardboard as a backer to clip the light to.

I know that some people have complained about a blueish hue to the light - but so far - and I have had mine for only two days - I do not see it. The light technology is more advanced on the Kindle - but once again - it is also a more recent device.  And because the light emanates from the top of the device - yes - there is less of an even distribution of it across the page - but it is not anything glaring and does not at all take away from the reading experience. The light on the NST does not detract from that e-ink feel while. The first time I turned on the Kindle's light I felt like I was reading on a tablet and thought - "THIS is the experience I am trying to get away from."

8179	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Plug and start using. nothing complicated~ worked as it is described ^.^easily buy again if i need more
898	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly in my new DROIDE TURBO II...Great price!
113	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect Nook-branded power block and cable at a good price.
4362	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this product is great value for the price. and it works like it suppose to. you can't beat it. you always need extra cords.
560	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like the fact that it was at a resonable price and very easy to assemble.  TV looks great on the wall.
4610	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Product ok but I didn't keep
clip is strong enough for repeated use

9488	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Labelling Tape
1352	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was a perfect price and just what i was looking for. I always look on amazon first for all my orders
7407	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfied with purchase. Would consider using this seller again.
5360	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
8756	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought a Sony DVD player. It played DVDs OK, but it couldn't play audio CD's I created from my PC. I returned this machine and I bought a Pioneer DVD player instead. These CDs play fine on this machine. In fact, these CDs  work on my car CD players, my computer CD players, and my 10-year old  Yamaha CD player. I was surprised that a new Sony DVD machine can't handle  this, since all of these other machines could. Maybe future versions will  correct this oversight.
6449	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This item didn't allow me to order how many I wanted so I was not really happy with it .
>>5 way directional key. The notebooks that are included with this case slide into the case from the top and still have room to move both left and right. Because of the lining of the case and the thin cover of the notebook, it slides easily but I've never had it come out. I have however had it slide far right inside the cover, and then when I shut the cover it's at such a position that it hits the 5 way directional key and starts to advance chapters! I thought it was just a fluke at first, but then it kept happening. If I do not adjust the position of the notebook or force the Kindle into sleep then the notebook hits the key every time now. The Nook lacks this 5 way directional key entirely, so again - no issues there. (This issue might also be contributed to the "breaking in" of the case so that the spine is not rigid anymore and allows the front to move at angles. I don't believe I've been rough with the case though, so I can only assume its common wear).
4964	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Tried this in my Sony, JVC, Magnavox and Panasonic VHS VCR's and it does not work on any of them.
3364	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Once upon a time I travelled with a heavy current converter and a handful of plugs to fit a variety of sockets outside the U.S., all in a bulky case.  Now that so many electrical devices have dual voltage, the issue is to find a convenient plug adapter, and this one fits the bill.  It's very cleverly designed so that all the plugs snap together into a single compact unit - no more lost parts! - and it has the added benefit of a USB port for charging MP3 players & the like.  Add to that a super-reasonable price, and I don't know how you could ask for more.

5125	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	WONDERFUL, GREAT LONGLASTING RECORDINGS OF MY HOME MOVIES
Sony refuses to do a recall and I've since bought a new player (not a Sony; I settled on a JVC XV-FA90), but I thought I should post my experience here.  Buyer beware on this player; it has a very high rate of terminal failure.
4298	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent
8827	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	JR Music and Amazon must be KIDDING to think that they do not need to have a policy to make it obvious that this is a USED product.  To bury the fact that this item is "reconditioned" at the very BOTTOM of a multi-page description instead of in the TITLE or first line is deceitful!  They are selling used goods as new and treating the fact that this item is used as part of a disclaimer buried so far down that they know most people will not notice it.
Torn by disbelief and after lots of theological soul-searching, he begins to seek the knowledge hidden in the library, but will he be able to resolve his problem before his number comes up?

5490	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I always seem to need an extra cable or two, especially when I want to move a computer to a different area of the house. This one worked just fine.
2984	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I received a CD-ROM only, not CD/DVD RW, so be sure to verify what you get if you order this one. It could have easily been a mistake on the seller's end, but the description seems intentionally misleading, ie throw all drive jargon in a paragraph and hope it sticks... In addition, the box I got was clearly marked on the outside CD-ROM. Sending it back...
The Nook sells itself:

1613	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I read the first two books a while ago, and then decided to pick up Predators of Darkness again after seeing how many people loved it like I did and the  fact that I hadn't read the third book yet.  I can say that it is just as good the second time around.  Even knowing what happened and who the clones were, I was captivated, still reading with new/old eyes in to the nuances of the characters and subtle shifts that were telltale signs I didn't see the first time around.  The plot is your basic survival/end of the world story line.  We have a community of people, there are power struggles and physical struggles, but the survivors seem to have a hierarchy system in place that actually works.  This is where we meeting our hero Daniel, while not the `leader', or even the one who herded the survivors into the fallout shelter to begin with, he's a leader all his own. He and his best friend Lucas are the main ones who go out looking for caches of supplies and food.  This is where the story twists.

5044	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Scott from Seattle is spot on.  Batteries will last at least a year.  Plenty of channel presets.  Waterproof controls.  Clear display.  Good signal reception.  It's mono, and that's what you want, since a shower tends to be a bad reception area. I've had it for 8 years with daily use in the shower and its still going strong.

7678	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Was just what we needed.  Thanks.

Limited apps, although the list expands almost daily.
1. Always store cleaners of this type brush side up, otherwise they will be crushed and ruined.
1638	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love all the kindle books, I read nightly and enjoy a quick escape. Thank you for getting me back into books! I sent a kindle to my young granddaughter and she is now reading more then ever and improving at school as well!
9817	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say it's the perfect refill and gets the job done!  This comes highly recommended for your brother P-touch labeler
2965	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as described. Arrived on time. I definitely recommend.
5164	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are great tapes and are getting harder to find,I love my old camera and these tapes keep it working for me.
What can you say? It worked and it was cheap. What else can you want.
9815	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This spool of replacement tape shipped quickly, fit our Brother P-Touch perfectly and was priced at less than half of what the office store was selling for.  The ink prints black on a white tape face.  These economical replacements allow for labeling with reckless abandon.

9809	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was exactly what I needed for the office and it worked well for the intended application. I have only positive feedback.
3124	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Ipod 5G/5.5G DO NOT SUPPORT LIN IN MICROPHONES!!!!!!
4076	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Will buy again!!! Great Product...Great Seller!!
7719	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fast
I like that it has two battery packs. One rechargeable and one that takes standard batteries. Easy to keep around for emergency situations and carry a few packs of AA batteries if needed. A few of these would be really useful in the walking dead show....just saying.
7614	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good design, the long cord lets me keep this unit on my table so no cables dragging around in a clump on the floor.

Not a bunch of keys to hit/press with the keyboard exposed.  This is a personal opinion, and I can absolutely understand why others may want the keyboard.  I put in pagemarks etc on books, but don't type a lot of notes into the ebooks when reading.  If you do a lot of this, you may want to test run the onscreen keyboard and see if you like it.  I don't, the amount of typing is very limited, so onscreen is perfect and I'm used to it with my phones.
8869	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well made great product!
5915	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	not sure how it works...daughter was having some trouble

4. Excellent sensitivity for AM (internal ferrite antenna) and FM (a pull-out wire from the battery compartment).
4555	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Does not work in my Taurus cassette player.
5889	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Work great

To be clear, Amazon has 2 identical Kindle Touch versions: with and without advertisements.  You can only get the ad-free version online (for $140) or shell out $40 AFTER you buy the unit.  What?  This is clearly a bait-n-switch because none of this is mentioned if you buy it in a physical store.
205	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it but is sooooo little. I thought it was big
8769	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I like the case, card slots are only for one or two cards, so keep that in mind if you plan to use them. Their customer service is second to none!
3549	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I used it for my Galaxy S4 for a good 6 months without any problems. And just today.. It's died. Won't work at all, can't recover any files, can't even format it to re-use it. It is now a worthless tiny chip... Thanks, Kingston. Won't be using this product again. Any one else who plans on using this for a phone, especially a Samsung, I would recommend you buy Samsung's brand for the SD card. I should have done that from the start, but I wasn't even aware they made an SD card brand at the time. (I should have known.. Samsung makes everything!)
So-- yeah, it's bright! We keep it out in the car, clipped to the cup holder on her booster seat, and she loves it.

2652	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping as always......So far so good with the auto use of this charger.....I like it that is has 2 ports to connect.....Lots of happy full powered devices...
7687	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ordered as I needed to have a quality VHS blank, and TDK blanks are hard to find locally. Wasn't disappointed and knew I wouldn't be as TDK is the only blank media (VHS,DVD,CD) I will use.
WHAT A WASTE!!!!
I would heartily suggest the nook to anyone that needs a relatively well-priced e-reader that has access to a massive library of e-books and various formats.
Simple plug and play device
68	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I am seriously wondering if I read the same books as everyone else.  I began reading with high hopes for two great thrillers based on other reviews, but I was sorely disappointed.  First of all, the sentence structure was choppy, with many sounding as of they were written by my eight year old.  Secondly, in an ill-conceived effort at humor, the protagonist comes off like a self-righteous jerk--and a sexist one at that.  Third, there were so many spelling and grammatical errors in the kindle edition ("accept" instead of "except"--twice, by the way...) that I wanted to take a red pen and edit the book myself!  Both books made for an interesting afternoon read, but the second book's big "shocker" I had pegged as soon as the character was introduced!  Overall, I was not impressed, but I will read the third book just to see where the story goes.
9564	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	High quality product at a great price. If you buy it in the store it is so much more, yet the product is the same. You can buy two for the price of one when you buy here on Amazon. No brainer for me. I bought one in the store the day before, ran out of it, and then bought three on Amazon and so no difference other than I save so much using Amazon. I am on my second roll.
7732	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	cheap, good, and prompt delivery. Does the job.
* Book content is well rounded.  It covers all the basics as well as some of the more 'advanced' features.  This makes it very useful for the first time Mac buyer, Windows convert, or casual user.

2429	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	THEY BREAK EASY
2867	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I asked ? --Question: How to change region? Either in Wdw10 or Linux MINT.
4675	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This  is  good  and it's  a great. Thank  you .
1341	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Was sent without charger, then wrong charger and now it won't charge at all. Has been a long waste of time for a product that won't charge. Will return.

1161	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm one of those readers that loves buying physical books and who has avoided e-readers and e-books for as long as I could. I got my nook as a hand-me-down from my girlfriend's father who bought it and almost immediately realized he had no use for it. It's been sitting around the house for about two years now, getting extremely occasional use. Recently I've found myself in a situation where I have to purchase e-books regularly because many of my favorite authors are releasing novellas or short story collections without print versions, and this has come in extremely handy.
3. The Barnes and Noble web site says that this Nook has "dual stereo speakers".  I doubt this is true, but if it is, they "speak" out of a perforated area of the case measuring about 1.5" x .5" - hardly my idea of stereo.  The sound is clear and clean, however.
(1)  Selectivity and sensitivity are excellent, and comparable to the Tivoli PAL (which costs over $100).
5890	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good product
So, in summary, the Nook gets a ZERO star in my review for paying more attention to the esthetics rather than the functionality of the reader, but B&N gets a FIVE star rating for their approachability and for their great costumer service!
Mbps:  Megabits per second or 1,000,000 bits per second
9650	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast ship and perfect!
853	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Worked for the 1st to times i used it then it started blinking on and off as if the connection was bad now it dosent work at all on my LG G3 smh
* This device will start up and configure itself to 192.168.0.10 with a netmask of 255.255.255.0, but the wrinkle is that you have to set yourself to be 192.168.0.101 or else it will completely ignore you. Once you get to the web interface, you can configure it to your network or set it to get an IP over DHCP. I keyed it to the mac address so that it's consistent.
Total Cost of Ownership.  Currently, the Tablet costs $250.  For something designed to be used on the road, you will need an extra power supply ($25) and protective cover case ($35).  The $50 extended warranty is a requirement since the Tablet will probably be dropped and crushed frequently.  To install more than a few books, documents, and media files will require an SD card ($20 - $35).  Add another $30 to purchase third-party apps to add functionality and you have around $400 invested in the Tablet.  Purchasing ebooks and emagazines is an optional ongoing expense.

8989	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hi8 or Digital 8 compatible.
864	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	would highly recmmend it..
Appearance:  browsing through the book I was very pleased by its overall graphic quality, which is probably the best of all the NXT books we own. The graphics are grayscale, nevertheless they are outstanding, both in layout, scale and resolution. No more magnifying glass required to build the models! The resulting building instructions are very similar and follow the same conventions as real Lego building instructions. In fact, if they were published in color, I could not tell the difference from original Lego instructions, as they come in any Lego original set. The programming is explained block-by-block, also taking advantage of the print quality, as do the diagrams and of course the text.
5357	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality
9075	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Looks like a handy tool for the right application.  In my case, the DVD drive had major problems that this could not fix. Not this tools fault.
3)  Big 2-way speaker puts out nice, full sound.

89	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great solution to original power cord.  New design gives the cord a better position so that it won't twist and wear out.  Seems to be well made and has stood up to daily use without an issue.
5522	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great seat. Very comfortable. It actually stays where you put it! Great to have a seat that doesn't fall down!
2189	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I can now read my books in bed before sleep!
5053	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the second Sony ICF-S79V Weather Band Shower Radio we have owned. The first one, bought in the early 1990s is still going strong, showing the great Sony workmanship that we all hope to see in all products. Of special note is the strong AM reception and the weather proof housing.
7248	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Over-sized mug, never sweats.  Highly recomment!
8299	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The actual dimnetions of this product are 7" long and 7" wide ( at the end of the product- the part that we hold to our eyes is not quite as wide and fit to the eyes.
1664	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Jack Nightingale is a former British police negotiator who quits the force after a child he is trying to save jumps.  Cut to a few years into the future and Jack keeps hearing randomly: "You're going to hell, Jack Nightingale"  Jack soon finds out that his parents are not who he thought they were.  His real father gives him a mansion out in the countryside.  There are noises in the house.  Things start to happen to people around Jack.  Jack is determined to find out who he is and what has been done to him.  Without giving more away, Jack's adventure to discover himself is both nerve wracking and compelling.
7692	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased six of these for use in our store. They are durable, with an 8 foot grounded cord.
5575	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Price is reasonable and it works.
The LCD screen improvements alone are GREAT!  With better looking icons, more responsiveness, and a sleeker appearance -- it makes me think of that McDonald's commercial: I'm lovin' it!
A kind of heavy but the pictures are unique.
Computers have a limited number of IDE devices and drive bays so a separate storage device is practical. Replaceable 100 MB ZIP disks provided vast storage in the past but are no longer the latest in storage technology. But the 100 MB ZIP disk is almost as universal as the floppy disk when you have a parallel port drive for older systems. The ZIP disks reuse deleted space unlike a CD whose space is consumed when you replace files. Falling prices for CD discs solved that problem. A ZIP disk has no compatibility problems between different systems and computers. A CD written on one system may not be updated by a different system.

There's an introductory track on the CD, then the cleaning track, then a series of test sounds and whatnot to "calibrate" your CD player. I think most of that stuff is unnecessary or at best useful for a few hardcore audiophiles, I don't know. But the 30 second cleaning track is worth the price. Before you toss your CD player, give this a try, it might surprise you. It's important to keep the laser head clean.
3524	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
Do not waste your time with all the shiny multi setting crap. This is the perfect high water pressure full coverage, no more conditioner stuck in your hair perfect shower.
5910	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't seem to work at all in slot-loading computer CD drive.
1. Battery life is terrible compared to the Kindle.  I have to recharge about 8 times for every recharge of the Kindle.
254	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The main character, Bridie, quickly becomes someone you know and can relate to.  She struggles to believe that the church teachings of her childhood still apply, even though her life has taken her far from the Christian values she grew up with.
4991	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cleaning tape has solved the problem with two VCR's that I still use.  I don't know how the heads get dirty, but this worked well.
Overall it's a great, versatile, light small e-reader.
4851	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Loldid not work very disappointed
3079	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought the blue one for my son's blue Toshiba netbook, and it matches exactly. It arrived with two cables and instructions, but I only needed the USB cable. I plugged it in, the driver software loaded, and it worked! It's small and quiet, and works perfectly for a great price.
3205	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I decided to try this to see if my old emergency radio with a dynamo that charges its internal battery could be made to output 5 VDC to charge USB devices.  It worked so I'm happy.  I also bought a USB female host to micro USB male to use with my cell phone when the power goes out.
2176	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have bought several others this is by fast the brightest and best one yet.
73	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These two books have two very well told stories without killing you with useless details or scenes that don't really contribute.  Both books were fun to read although I enjoyed Dark Horse the most.  The author has a knack for the "one line zingers" in each story and the charachters have cockiness about them that is almost comical, but at the same time, that adds to the fun of reading the stories.  Well Done!!
626	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have mounted a 42 inch old LCD. Easy to install. Easy to swivel, there is tilt option but it has to be locked by nuts(it can not be changed without loosing the nuts).
This is ironic - B&N had to do actual work to make it much worse than using the normal android version, plus they had nice opportunities to improve on the experience of a phone due to the large screen - Cyanogen 7 Android supports gestures for music - do an arrow to the left like "<", say, and it'll go back a track.  This would be great while driving.

7283	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Dimensions below...
9658	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Buy!
It's small, so I may close cover in the car to have it not visible.
4727	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fits and works perfectly.
A lot has been said about the battery life of the Nook, and other eReaders.  All of the manufacturers of these devices overstate the real world battery life in real world useage situations.  I have a co-worker with one of the Amazon (Kindle Brand) eReaders and he has to charge every 3 - 4 days.  Nook lasts for me about 5 - 7 days, but it all depends on what features you use on either or any of the devices and how much you use them to determine actual, real world battery usage. Either way, all of these devices are easy to charge.  Just plug into a standard 110 - 120 outlet and PRESTO!  Or in the case of the Nook, you can also plug into your computer/laptop/netbook and VOILA!  You will be on go in no time flat.
6044	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great, good price

6664	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	gets the job done.
2177	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this product. I highly recommend it. You can even use as a nightlight.
874	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it was worth it
Arrived on time!
Is an excellent product for the price I have been buying this product for over 20 years and it is always a quality buy, keep up the great work.
3765	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This item description is misleading.the small end of the cable is not the same as pictured and does not fit the port on my tablet.
693	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Easy install, but tv went crooked when it was extended towards limit of extension. It was very noticeable when arm was to the right, but not when it was repositioned towards the left. Too much play in the extension joints. Installed this for my dad and next day he said plastic piece had broken off (Turned out to be the cheap plastic wire-run that never quite fit on right anyways). Went out and bought one from Sams club knowing I could return it if it also had extension/tilt problems. Well the one from Sams Club (Omni Basic Series) was just fantastic and it came with two STEEL wire-run holders even though it is a bit shorter on the extension than this wall mount.
Overall, I'd say I'm surprisingly impressed with these headphones. I got them expecting the usual cheap headphones I buy (the brand changes, since I just buy the cheapest 'phones I can find by a brand I've actually heard of) and was pleasantly surprised by the comfort and quality of these headphones. I haven't had them for long, so I can't speak to the endurance of them, but even if they only last a short bit, I think I'd actually just replace them with these same ones. They're really that comfortable.
The book is in full color, with labels on the pictures for the step by step instructions for each item it walks you through. It is very intuitive and easy to understand.

a tdk wet or dry cleaner works great. remember, u get what u pay for and
Oh and the best part? Ava Miles gives you all the mouth watering recipes at the end of each chapter!! That is worth the read alone!
3311	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Purchased for my wife's Garmin. Works like a charm.
I also like the Nook because the Nook continues to educate you on a daily basis with the daily blog of what took place on the days of the week, for example if you turn on your Nook right now and go to the daily, it will inform you what took place on this date. Which to me is a neat feature as you get to learn something new about something you may have  not known.
6550	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	After some minor fiddling (details below), I got these to work.  They synced up just fine and work for my application.  I used it for a wired webcam that was in another room than my router.
1383	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Looking for a family ereader to have all books loaded to act as a mobile library.


9260	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this to label my jellies and perserves for gift-giving.  I use it to label all my homemade, homebaked goods at Christmas time.  Excellent, water-resistant, and easily dresses up a boring jar with the metallic gold tape.
8019	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a spare just in case.....It looks to be of sturdy quality, unlike some of the "cheap looking" after market copies.
8107	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cables work great.

9070	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had my doubts about this lens cleaner as all it is is a CD with one small spot of hairs on the surface. I put it in and it took all of 30 seconds to finish cleaning. I thought that was way to easy. But it sure worked as we haven't had an issue playing movies since. It also tests your surround sound which I thought was a cool touch.
The YB400 audio  is much better than the Sony, and the operation is easier than the  Sony.
  I bought my bride the same set. We are planning a 9 hour trip by plane to Spain next year and plan on using these for that purpose.  I've  noticed on my last plane trip, many passengers wearing them and decided to investigate the various types out there for use. You never know until you actually put them on, how they will feel for an individual. My wife is of small stature and has a smaller head then me. (Haha that sounds funny) Anyway, she found when putting them on as a standard fit, they were large for her size. The head phones are foldable, so by folding one phone into the collaspsible configuration and useing the other in the regular congiguration, she could easily adjust them to fit both ears comfortably and the phones don't slide around the top of the head.  Something to consider if you have a smaller head.
8666	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great microphone/speaker, and especially for the price.  However, as others have mentioned, the cord is just on the border of "short" so you will want to keep the mic clip and radio body somewhat close to each other, but this hasn't been a problem for our use.  Would get again if we needed more.

3033	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Does the job.  Good product for the money.  I might consider buying a heavier drive if I ever have to replace this one.

Headed back to B&N to exchange again I guess!
1733	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Required for school. works great.
4388	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	a little stiff and smells funny but its a HDMI cable, works as expected still holding up months later.

4836	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I began having issues with a DVD drive and was considering replacing it with an upgrade, but I decided to try this first since I had it handy.  It fixed the problem in one use and has saved me from purchasing an expensive replacement.
The disc is really all you need. The interface is not ideal and I couldn't tell you if the wizard installs a bunch of malware, but it got the job done in under 5 minutes.
8742	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Didn't fit my phone but they gave me a full refund.
There are two major things that the kindle has on the Nook, and that is far superior battery life, and significantly more books available for download - especially so if you read non-fiction.
6839	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I had a DVD that kept on not playing every other disc l got from Netflix. It would say the disc was dirty or scratched. I gave any one that didn't play a good clean with these wipes but rearly got any to work. Maybe if you had dusty CD's but l never got any sense that this was "cleaning". More of a light polish. Didn't work for me.

7269	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfectly, unlike many champagne stoppers I've tried in the past, stylish, and provides a tight seal so extends the life of the bottle a little longer.
I can't say I particularly liked the protagonist, Inspector Jian, but that's not really necessary. As a father, I  could identify with (and support) his mission, if not always the difficulties he faced trying to accomplish it. Author Lewis's writing is straightforward; he very effectively conveys the frustration of being in a very foreign place with nowhere to turn and no one to turn to. The supporting cast of characters is memorable, each in their own way; thankfully Lewis doesn't turn his villains into caricatures.
7168	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	EXCELLENT
- The Eink display rules. I actually find it easier to read than an actual book, especially considering the fact that I am holding a digital unit near half the actual size of a tried-and-true book. It's light, sleek, slim, portable and cool.
7532	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well.  Had no issues. I'm using it for my computer system. I purchased the 8 outlet version and the unit was able to accommodate the bigger plugs that peripherals sometimes have .I mounted it to the side of the desk using the typical mounting holes that get molded in the back of the unit. The 6 foot cord allowed me good positioning for the outlet on the wall. I was looking for something with a power switch, surge protection, and solid ground indicator. This fit the bill for all three and I couldn't be happier. I'd purchase again..
8043	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Alright, it's just a bag, but it's a great bag for the Olympus 3000.  It has room for everything I need for the camera.  The camera itself, battery charger, an extra set of batteries, a couple of extra media cards, the accessory cords for downloading.  All this fits into the bag very securely, without everything banging into each other, because of the pocket dividers.
7693	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	to me, Kensington is a name that project 'trust'.  this was priced right and works great.  good cord length.
9357	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Inside the tape is a spool of ultra-thin carbon which is used to create the black lettering. If it breaks (and it does easily), you're out of luck.
 this does have a clip on the back of the speakers but i don't like to use it.
6016	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is a cable.  Has connectors on both ends.  Not much more to say.
6235	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	no issues
However, after reading many reviews and talking to friends who already  had DVD players, I chose this one - not for its low price, but for its  quality to price inverse ratio. It has lived up to its hype since the day I  unpacked it and set it up (in about 4 minutes); looks and sounds brilliant,  without any problems whatsoever. Truly a great deal.
2232	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Since it's a cable for digital data... shielding isn't a big issue with HDMI. Use it for my satellite boxes for 1080i HD plus audio. No problems.
8708	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	truth in advertising; got exactly what i wanted
5906	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hey, I plugged it in both sides and it worked.  What is there to say?  Nice color?

488	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its sturdy, holds my tv really good, its adjustable & really really easy to install. An excellent product. I would definitely recommend it.

Waste of time - in my opinion
4213	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this SD card works great iv had no problems iv owned it for 2 months  use it in my Verizon moto W755 cell phone to hold video and  mp3 music
1893	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Well-constructed and convenient to hold.  Would have preferred to buy exactly the same cover in a different color, but none was available.
I can't recommend this thing enough.  It worked awesome, gave GREAT internet speed, and solved a problem that has plagued my friend for years.  I would highly recommend this device!!!!!!!!!
651	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this mount for our bedroom in order to swing and tilt the TV based on our viewing angle.  In order to move it I had to loosed the screws each and every time.  I had it connected to a 27in vizio LCD which is pretty light.  Could not find a tension to keep it where we wanted it.  Had to return



1641	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Even though I am not into devil worship stories, this book was very hard to put down once I started reading it.  Tryng to figure out the plot and where the story would lead Jack was very riveting.

- I am not affiliated with this company or any of their products, in any way.
6234	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great extension cable. I didn't pay attention and bought one longer than I needed but it has come in handy I love it and have referred others to buy this one
894	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yes.
Late Oct 2013 - After trying both lights on my easel, I have ordered another hammerhead light as this provides the best light. I will use the 2 duet light for book reading.
How I Tested the Range:
8969	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I can't find a compelling reason to recommend a higher priced model than this one. Sound and picture as rich as can be. It is worth hooking up to a stereo system if you have one near your television.
Hope that helps.
2864	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This A Good External Player.
5800	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't work in my car, I couldn't listen to the listen as it was skipping too much.  Not sure if its a problem with the cd or if there is something more wrong with my car cd player than it just being dirty.
9771	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It took me over 6 years to go through my first cartridge, and the last label I created was just as perfect as the first one I made 6 years ago
3639	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought it for my gopro works great!

7289	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Like the above reviewer, I too believe this is the best ever, conceived, designed, and produced, large/covered bowl on the market!!! I am currently trying in vain to find another one. It is hard to find a lot of Bodum in the US. There is an Adobe pdf online,of all their products, & if you are a kitchen princess like me, you would drool perusing it. Although they  do have this bowl listed, it doesn't say how to purchase one. I had mine for about 8 yrs. It was perfect for when you have to make tons of say potato salad, or maybe 2 pounds of macaroni salad & want to take it to a gathering & have it look absolutely beautiful. The cover fit well. It was a beautiful object.......until I made the mistake of sending it with my husband to a hunting weekend. Broken on the trip home!
Bottom line - This radio looks really nice in photos, but dissapoints in reality (both in terms of fit and finish, and tuner quality).
8169	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works well! I needed a shorter cable that would not get in the way, but allow me to move away from my desk (7 Foot). I can enjoy higher speeds with this CAT 5e cable connected vs my wireless connection. I like the snagless design it offers good protection from tab breakage.
2261	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Garbage
I wanted to network my older Samsung laser printer. It is amazing!
6900	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great ! infact the connection between the male and female is better than on my $30 cable.  It isn't high speed but I use it to charge my iphone.  Works great don't listen to the bitter people out there.  I was always taught if you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say anything at all.
2795	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Monitor.
Been looking for a tablet with a one two one means 1ghz dual core and 1gb of ram.

I use these for managing all the wires and cords in my workspace and they do a great job. The only improvement I might suggest is make the tag white so I can write notes on it with a sharpie, like PR for Printer or ST for Stereo. Other than that they are perfect.
I got these at a good price(just under seven bucks) on Amazon. VHS tapes are difficult to find nowadays in a regular store so I am glad I can still purchase these on Amazon.
9690	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well with my Brother label maker model.
6901	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this to extend the receiver of a wireless presentation remote.  Works great and by a reputable company.  It replaced one that I purchased online that stopped working when I dropped it out of a window accidentally.  (Ironically, the wireless receiver didn't break when it hit the floor, just the USB extender - so I bought this to replace it.)
1689	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not like anything I've read in a long time. Twists and turns, and then more twists and turns. Just plain fun.
External memory card option
8282	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Bad focus, and blurry image.  Was planning to use them for hunting and distances of about 100 yards or less, but they were aweful. Expected more from bushnell.  Returned them the same day. Amazon was great as usual and had no problem returning them and getting a quick refund.
UPDATE 8/08 Belkin now makes a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/50FT-CAT6-Black-Patch-Cable-Snagless-RJ45M-RJ45M/dp/B000CNBQAS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">50FT CAT6 Black Patch Cable Snagless RJ45M/RJ45M</a>&nbsp;that is better made, transmits data faster and supports 1000 MBps networks and probably best of all is cheaper.
9529	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	WORKS GREAT ON WHITE FILE TABS. But then, I LABEL EVERYTHING.
1926	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best light out there. I ordered a different one before this and had to return it. This light is bright and crisp. Can be used in total darkness.
Dr. Poonchai
5430	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin A3L791-S 50-Foot RJ45 CAT 5e Snagless Molded Patch Cable worked great for my computer, without any problems. We have a wireless Internet/connection in the house now, but I keep Belkin A3L791-S 50-Foot 5e Snagless Molded Patch Cable...
4633	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
9592	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	exactly what I needed
It is actually a cd rom player!!!
3634	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great item works well, I had no problems.as soon as I formated it I could tell it was much better than the off brand one I had in that went corrupt,I should have bought this one first.so thank for a great item.
9358	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is as described on Amazon. I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a good value proposition.

2045	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine, bright enough, lightweight.  Got this for portability and for my kids to use.  First LED book light I've owned and was worried I wouldn't like the 'cold' color of the light as I'm used to the warm incandescent light of my "Itty Bitty".  While I still like the Itty Bitty better, I got used to the LED light just fine.  The bigger issue is that while lightweight, it is still slightly top heavy, and the clamp is not strong enough to prevent the light from occasionally leaning side to side as you move the book around while reading.  Not a deal-killer, but it would be better if the clamp was longer and maybe had a rubber tip or surface so as to grip the book a little better.  Overall, however, based on the other choices out there I think this is a good value.  Recommended.
677	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quick and easy installation - very solid product. Very pleased with this purchase.
2477	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	as described, priced right, and works as intended and described.
3073	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice solid case covered with what seems to be a sort of thick rubberized paint coating.  The actual drive inside is a Lite-On 8x DVDRW Slimline DS8A3S.  Mine reads and writes at a decent speed from what I can tell.  According to the manufacturer, it writes DVDs at 8x and CDs at 24x.  I tried several RWDVDs I've had problems with using in other drives, but in this drive they worked fine.  No drivers are required (none are provided) whether using XP, Vista, Windows 7, Snow Leopard or Lion. (If it isn't recognized by your computer, you should ensure your OS is current, with all the recent updates applied.)
5226	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered one of these right here on Amazon back in Jan 2004, my specimen was probably manufactured in 2003. I should use it more than I have, but it still works very well. Of all my other radios, only the old Panasonic "all-chrome"  model(RF-1600?) can shade it on AM, and the difference is *very* small, at best. On FM, the extra long whip antenna really helps here in the semi-sticks, and it does very well, if not quite up to my little Grundig G8 with DSP. Sound from the big speaker is excellent. Recently I've begun using it late on Sat nights to listen to 1120 AM from St. Louis- a long way from NE Texas! Fades in/out a bit less than my best smaller radios on that. Mine even has a fairly accurate tuning scale- tunes 650 WSM with the needle centered on the "6" of "650", 1200 WOAI with needle on the "2" of "1200"- certainly too close to try & modify. Battery life is looong, too- manual states about 400 hrs on 6 alkaline D-cells. Want to use AC instead? Power cord & transformer are built-in, no wall wart to get lost.
9615	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect replacement for our labeler.  Great price.
It's just like sandisk to perform at spec, I was getting between 6-11MB/s writes and 11-15MB/s reads on smaller files under 100MB.  and a steady 5-6MB/s write, 12-13MB/s read for anything bigger than 100MB.
This is a much better price than local on the label refills, so I buy them here.
5453	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It fits. It works. It was priced right. I bought it. What more can I say about it? Still need 2 more words... sheesh...
9726	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on schedule and was exactly as expected
The price was so out of line.  you should get 3 for that price.  I'll be more careful
8051	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The cable continuity was cut somewhere along the length of the line. Take your risk in using RJ-45 cable made by Belkin. There's no point returning it as the cost of handling will be more than the cost of the cable.
There is also a 1/2" tape that is black on clear.  However, the clear tapes also show any dirt or debris that might be trapped behind the tape.  Thus, if you are in an environment that has even a small amount of dirt or other contamination, it may be readily visible against a light background after the tape is positioned.
Lightweight and easy to store, carry, and load.
 Tripod use: highly recommended to get a steady picture. You can get a regular camera tripod for around 18 dollars. Yes, this binocular comes with a tripod adapter. No, it's not very easy to find.  The instruction booklet is virtually useless, but I found out through the website that the adaptor is located behind the front cap between the barrels. Just screw the cap off and viola, there is your threaded coupler. You will still need to get a binocular adaptor to connect the binoculars to the tripod, but I've found that they aren't too expensive: around 7-16 dollars for the generic models. I gave this item 4 stars b/c of the poorly written instruction manual and cheap accessories. Hope some of this info helps. Can't wait to see the stars tonight!

8159	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This Ethernet cable works great and is cheap!  I think this is a good size for most purposes.  It's not too long where it gets tangled up, but not so short you can't use it.  I like the way it latches in; this is a nice feature compared to other cables I own.
Recommended.  Thank you.
8979	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I got all excited since this was a very inexpensive tripod and the reviews were good. Got the item and the first time I used it for Christmas eve photos

5215	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good qualiry
  By the way, are there any lawyers out there willing to take on a "class action" suit? I do hope so. Tom

1978	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Coulda had a V8.
4866	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These work well.  Bought several so I can have one in each room where I have a CD unit and one for the car.  I clean them as I use them.  Work well.
Stopped the ripping, played the intro and the cleaning track until it said to stop.  Skipped the rest of the audio tracks.  Works great now!
6957	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used these on books works great
9773	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as needed
9284	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	OEM

952	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Lots of storage space. A lot of high capacity micro SD cards do not come near their listed storage capacity. I get about 60/64 GB available here, which is great.
3615	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as designed.
570	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Only gave this four stars because it's only supporting a 32" TV. I think I would be scared to mount a 55" TV on it. If you sprang for a 50" or bigger TV, spend a little more on a properly rated mount. As with any TV mount, make sure you're hitting wall studs with the main screws, don't just use anchors in drywall or you're asking for trouble. LOTS of hardware included in the kit, so mounting any style or brand of TV shouldn't be a problem.
* Easiest print server I have ever setup
If I had any complaints, I would say that I wish you could program the back light to come on whenever you pushed any button for use at night. You have to remember where the back light button is (upper left front) on the unit if you need to see the screen or change settings or something. Its not a huge deal, but it would be nice. I also wish it would have come with a better rubber ducky antenna, but that is how it is with all handheld radios...
There are things to like about the nook, BUT
2966	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This device does not burn CDs or DVDs properly.
Running this once on both units solved that right away. It's easy to use, basically plug and play, and all of the instructions are done

1537	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Enjoying it.

PROS:
Takes a little getting used to, a couple days at the most, like the transition from a straight keyboard to one of those "natural" keyboards.
1842	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Grandson loves this product and it assists him in his studies.
5)  The ability to switch tuning increments to help fine tune in a hard-to-tune station.
4469	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The headphones look nothing like the pictures on the listing.  The ones we received were all black.  They look thin and cheap, but hopefully they last.  We bought them for our kid to have at school by Monday so I cannot return them.
  Can I send a bill for my time and work putting it up and taking it down?????
-iPad protection, the iPad is held very securely in the case, big plus.
-Construction quality, very nicely made.
6872	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	First of all, I the cable I got does not look like the one pictured, it is a more plain looking USB cable end. The construction is solid, and it usually works on most of my devices, although some of my friends have trouble getting their phones and ipods to charge when it is connected to a wall adapter.
7290	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, very sharp as advised, the packaging was little on the cheap side.
760	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this to use the THX Tune-Up app on my LG G3 phone for our new 4K tv.  Plugged it in, set HDMI input and followed the directions.  Cable worked great!  That is the only time I have used it so far, so cannot comment on longevity.  But for this purpose, it worked perfectly.

6633	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you do wired networking, you will know that there is no such thing as too many patch cables. Usually the ones you have are much too long - hence my seeking & ordering these shorter cables. Certainly as good quality as any others; and WAY WAY cheaper than I have seen in any retail store!
2172	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great light
5221	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Deal - Recommend

at the SLP mode. Great quality at a decent price.
6476	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these cassette tapes for an old VHS is had. I could not find them anywhere else. They were new and worked very well with my device.  It was a very good buy.
5363	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great

6769	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They came in very handy. I needed new wipes for my discs.
2065	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love this to use at night for my books
2460	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works fine - as advertised and does what I need. no problems

7728	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Decent price and nice looking.
6761	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Okay, it's a USB cable but it is 10 foot long.  Works fine and allowed me to move the printer further away from my computer desk.
6160	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This doesn't work with analog joysticks on Windows 10.  Not impressed.
1210	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Satisfied with this purchase. The Nook was brand new in an open box. Works like a gem. Very happy customer!
3217	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	ok
5443	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	cool
I did encounter one major problem with this Nook Simple Touch -- the life of a battery charge was nowhere near the several weeks promised (with wifi off).  Fortunately, however, I called B&N Customer Service, and they advised me to install the latest firmware, V1.0.1, which addresses the power issue.
3697	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	On time and product as advertised!!
Ming knows darkness too, especially as a peasant who watched arrogant officials like Jian get life handed to them on a silver plate.  Yet his flight to England is one of wonder, surprise, and often painful naivet. Ming isn't exactly a comical sidekick, so much as a pitiable little guy who keeps up his optimism and devotion to duty, no matter how obscene the situation becomes.
The *only* good thing about this light is that it's USB rechargeable - but it doesn't come with a wall adapter, so if you don't have a computer handy you're out of luck.

Why I would like to mount the palm the other way? Well, the obvious way to mount it is the way the case is designed for: book style. The less obvious but *superior* way for a right-handed person is to have the case mounted in the right edge slot. This makes it much easier to hold the palm with your left hand, and in addition it allows you to operate the palm with your right hand solo by holding the open face of the case against your knee. If you are right-handed and don't believe me, try putting the palm in the hard case slider into the right slot so it opens from the back. (You can install it this way; it just won't close properly because of the flawed design.) Now open it, grab the stylus in your right hand, put the right flap of the case on your knee, and put your hand down on it to hold it. You'll see how much easier it is to operate. Now try holding the palm in your left hand and you'll see that it's easier to operate in this fashion also.
9316	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I string tennis rackets and these are ideal (although not the cheapest) for labeling the frame with the date, string type and tension. Most of my customers are repeats, so it's nice to be able to easily remove the previous plastic label in one clean piece, as opposed to a cheaper paper label that comes off in small bits, and requires a scraper. Knocked off on star for price.
2319	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good price
-BFO only. No usb/lsb. Tunes in 1 Khz steps with bfo "fine tune" knob. Still ok for ssb ,just could be better.
1559	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this e-reader right before my vacation to Punta Cana.  I was able to read using this on the beach, even with the bright sunlight glaring down.  The glowlight works awesome and you can even adjust the brightness.  The screen itself is a little bit sluggish, but this is because it's e-ink.  This is normal.  I'm glad I made this purchase and would buy again.
9317	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just what I was looking for.
330	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I originally bought this for a Sony 40" TV, but installed it with a Vizio 42" instead. I did this because the Sony is an older model TV and weighs a little over 50lbs (which is still within this mounts rating) and the Vizio only weights 23lbs. I have a Sanus extended articulating mount that I bought a few years ago and paid over $100 dollars for it. (It now costs over $150) The Sanus is much stouter in construction than this VideoSecu mount is, so by reading some of the reviews on here and not knowing exactly how this mount was going to measure up pre-install, I swapped out TV's to match mounts accordingly.
9177	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The RIO 500 is great for gym workouts, train listening, etc.  It's small, light and sounds good enough for listening in an environment with ambient noise.
3624	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	IS DOING THE JOB,I USE IT IN MY NOT 3, LOAD IT WITH MUSIC .
3879	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Given the rip-off prices of HDMI cables these days, what a pleasant surprise to buy this very functional, fully operational cable for such a great price.  It works.  It's long.  Perfect.
9007	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was pleasantly surprised at how easy this unit was to set up.  Within 5 minutes, I had the unit set up and playing on my back patio.  No static or distortion on CD or radio once I "tuned" in the box.  Unit sounded great with a balanced mix of bass and treble.  Make sure that the speaker is sheltered outside since the instructions explicitly state that it will not handle excessive rain or wet weather!
An OTA update, v1.4.1, will break the ability to mail yourself .apks to be used to enable non-BN apps to install and to enable debugging.  I imagine U could have done these steps while on 1.4.0 and gotten sideloading via PC/adb to work, but U can't disable OTA updates.  U can if you root, though, so I did, then used SQLite to modify a setting to only update when done manually. It'll never auto-update.  Update post-Cyanogen: irrelevant now.
1581	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Started out with a Nook Simple Touch, but my eyes aren't what they used to be so I gave that to my wife & got the Simple Touch with Glowlight 4 months ago.  I am 98% happy with it- it loses a point for occasionally going back to the screensaver when I press the Glowlight button, and one point for occasional ghosting in extremely bright sunlight.  Both complaints are trivial, as the Nook's good points far outweigh the bad.
919	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Used in a Samsung Galaxy Note 3 since May 2014. Card went into a "read-only" state with no way to reverse sometime in August 2015; noticed issues after photos started getting erratically corrupted and would seemingly disappear after several days (power cycle).

I'm not sure how else to rate these. They're as advertised. For me, it was hard to find short sizes, and they were close enough. The colors are an added bonus. They are high-quality, sturdy, and lock together well.
6249	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job nicely, cable is high quality and easy to route. Would buy a bunch more if I needed them.
1723	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Worked for two weeks, then started working intermittently.  By the time I got around to trying to return it, it was too late.
1103	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
**UPDATE 5/25/13**  I finally was able to download library books onto my nook but it was frustrating and time consuming; I finally found help online.  I have yet to discover a way to comfortably hold this book in my left hand and turn the page.  This was a very bad buy for me.  I bought a book-style cover for it and that was a waste of money as well as I find the cover just gets in the way.  I did not know how good I had it with the Sony PRS-300 and will continue to use my Sony instead of the nook.  I don't recommend the nook at all.
852	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	nice
* Octopus style wiring does not support most cord organization strategies.
880	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Did not work in my ELPH camera as first purchased.  But works just fine in my new Windows phone for added memory.
9914	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great OEM cartidge for the P Touch.  Makes me file cabinet look professional and the cost is very reasonable.  Highly recommend this!

If you care about your devices- if you care about your cds- get this.
no .flac support. a good chunk of my digital music now is .flac. it does have .ogg support though
3183	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	i am an IT Eng. i connected Bixolon SRP770II USB label printer in a restaurant. there is no tolerance in such environments especially at rush hours. i tested it for 2 week..... IT IS NOT RELIABLE, some times it just stuck you have to rest it... then it starts to print all the old orders!!! that happened many times.
First thing not listed: if the Nook Colour can do it, so can the Nook Tablet. (for instance... read .cbz files without installing any extra apps)
I've been using this for like a week and half
1502	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	best to pass on this one. very little to recommend it. I should have waited. easy to scratch screen causes irritating stars of light with the glow. better to have a book. maybe okay at 49 dollars.
7753	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Can't use too many of these.  Good to have handy.  Good price.
I googled and found others are having the same problem, some believe it is related to the new update Barnes and Noble put out.  I am no longer concerned as it is on the way back.
END
You have eight users on your network. You're sysadmin. When you set the system up, you just bought eight white cables. And now, every time something goes wrong on a user's system you have to very carefully follow the cable from the user's desk to the Ethernet switch. Labeling the ports on the switch won't help; the first thing any user will try if his or her workstation forgets how to talk to the network is to go to the switch and move their cable to a different port...and they never put it back the way you had it after they finish, now do they?

2913	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A CD/DVD rom is something I don't have to use too often , but occasionally there is that need. I purchased 2 new laptops and decided to not put a drive in due to it making them much heavier and purchased this external drive, just incase. So far I have only had the need to use it once but it got the job done at an affordable price.
2404	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Can't use both ports at once
1634	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The story was okay...but for such a brilliant detective, he does some really stupid things. I actually got through this book hoping the next would be different...it wasn't. Here's the thing, if you're going to bill the guy as brilliant, and excellent at his job...don't have the MC be an idiot.
5105	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I owned a Sharper Image shower radio (the kind with suction cups that sticks to the shower wall) for years until it died on me, and thought the poor sound quality is the price you pay for a waterproof radio.  I'm so sorry I didn't buy the Sony sooner!  The sound quality is tremendous.  It isn't waterproof but I keep it on a shelf in the shower and it withstands regular spraying with water with no problem.  I love the big preset selection (including local TV channels), the easy to use buttons and the timer that turns it off on its own.  Great machine.
5842	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Some of the tapes may be defective
6677	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	exactly what I expected.
Bill Moore
145	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Life saver
7388	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Pleased with my item
Taylor soon finds that life as a second assistant involves small tasks and not the selection and producing of "great films," at least to start. But more than the type of work, it's her co-workers that make Taylor miserable. It's like high school all over with the popular girls and their mean tricks. Taylor's too much of a nice girl to acclimatize. Outwitted one too many times by first assistant Kylie and with her job at risk, Taylor asks Quinn, her boss's popular teenage daughter, for tactical advice. It's not about being mean. It's about being confident. Not taking anyone's @#$%...Fake it till you make it...Speak up in class. When you're quiet, you're invisible...Make 1 cool friend...Lunch is a battleground...Enlist a faithful assistant. Taking Quinn's advice, Taylor wins victories against Kylie.
2804	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Subtract One Star - For Update(s) See Below
194	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	great
The speaker has exceeded my expectations. If you read the directions carefully and follow them step-by-step, you'll have good sound outdoors, too. I was up and running with tunes oustide within ten minutes. I needed another five minutes to fine tune, which was easily accomplished by reading the instructions and the troubleshooting guide. (If you refuse to read instructions or to show a little patience, you get what you deserve.)
4724	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I miss making tapes. Now I have gotten myself a cassette tape boom box and and very into making new mix tapes for my peeps. Of course most of them do not have cassette players anymore but i hope to change that, because analog is, lets face it, the way music was meant to be enjoyed. These tapes can fit a solid hour on each side which completely blows my mind apart and when I first discovered that these exist got a major boner. I think Maxell is the only company still making tapes (they may even possibly be just left over stock, sad face) but I have ordered some, and now I want to order more. I can't wait to order more. Tapes rule.
5007	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The Maxell VCR HEAD CLEANER

7583	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this item! Works very well with no issues! Gave me extra plug space to add a few more items to this tree.
The unit is, however, extremely  small, light, and portable.  You won't mind taking it with you in your coat  pocket, although I'm not quite sure if it would be appropriate for jogging  (I wouldn't know where to put it).  Don't be fooled by the packaging which  is overly large and cumbersome, the device inside is smaller than it  appears.
5471	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The product has met my expectations.
THE CAR STEREO- BOOMBOXES- SMALL CD PLAYERS- REGULAR MUSIC STEREOS- AND COMPUTER DRIVES.
* More aesthetically pleasing than the long beige strips.
I truly wish it were more flexible or longer, but I guess it does the job.
3799	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is of sturdy construction. Works well with the Garmin, and you can't beat the low price of this vender.
6820	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works. I use it to plug portable hard drives into. The through put seems pretty good. It works fine.

Right now, I think it is good buy.  The other RIO MP3 players use expensive memory "backpacks", or rechargable batteries (RIO800).  I prefer alkalines.  Regular rechargable AA batteries are not recommended for the 500.
1 star = The wood pulp would have been better utilized as toilet paper.
Definitely worth the time.
9386	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
1605	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I liked the contemporary setting featuring human trafficking in illegals.  The cultural divide was represented very realistically, and rather sympathetically. The protagonist was  very flawed but likeable in his humanity, and you find yourself reluctantly empathizing with him and his situation. I'm not sure if the conditions described would really be true of present day China and the UK.  I'm a little bit leery of these skewed representations of how bad things are in other countries, but I loved that they made this totally corrupt inspector so smart as well.  The mystery aspect was well written in how Inspector Jian unravels information though you sort of know how things are going to tie in together -- and you like the characters enough that you want to read thro to the last page.

Good, quick operation once you learn it..
3962	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Plenty of Storage on My HTC phone for Photo,,,,, Great Find
5550	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice for small cable bundling, but not enough Velcro for large bundles.

4838	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The CD did a great job cleaning the player in my car which I'd bought used a couple of years ago. It went from not being able to play CD's/audio cutting out in the middle of a track, to crisp and clear delivery without the need to replace the CD player. I did have to run it a few times given how old the player was at that point (14 years), but it got the job done and I was impressed. Dust and dirt from the years were brushed away from the lens over a few minutes and saved me buying a new CD player for the car.
Cord:
2673	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This thing works and charges our high-power smartphones (Samsung Galaxy 2 and HTC Amaze) quickly.  Can't complain.  It lights up to let you know it's powered but doesn't blind you with a giant, too-bright light.  Unfortunately, this thing is really flimsy and quite frequently comes apart when unplugging it from the car outlet.  I have to keep putting it back together (it snaps back together) all the time.  Be warned.
2648	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This charger works great and is short, unlike most chargers. It does a great job with charging both my phone and my GPS when I am in the car.  Great value and easy on the wallet.
8609	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've put this activated charcoal air freshener in the baby's room near the diaper pail, to help with residual odor, and so far I'm pretty pleased. It doesn't mask the smell; it removes it. The packaging says it can be set out in the sun every so often to recharge. I haven't had to do that yet, but it's good to know.  I received a discount on this product in order to provide a review. My opinion is honest and unbiased.
Pros:
I did a web search and was amazed to find that many, many people who have bought this player (and Sony players in general) have had exactly the same problem after a year to a year and half.
6336	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have these connected to my server, computers, switch and NAS server.  Nice short cables so I don't have so much mess around.  Seem like high quality, and they work.  What more can you ask from a cable?
1434	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	For the price, $149.99 which I paid for my 16GB Nook HD+, this device is hard to beat.  The display sports a very good picture--one of the best I have seen--and the OS is pretty smooth with only some occasional lag, which might be an issue with certain apps.  When I opened my Nook and fired it up, Google Play had not been installed.  After a quick software update, Play appeared which allows me to download a great deal of Android apps onto this device.  I have since added all the apps which I consider to be essential, for me, and all of them work nicely.  As for the feel/design, it's nice.  The tablet isn't too heavy or too light, and all the buttons are placed nicely for ease of access.  Even better, this unit has a micro SD slot to expand memory.  The only thing missing from the last tablet I had, that I can tell, is the camera--and honestly, I don't care about that.  Cameras typically aren't that great on tablets anyway.
786	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well - quality product - Using it in my cell phone for pic/video

2801	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this holder.  No more do I have to worry about the unit falling apart.  So many times we purchased the plastic holders to only last through one winter before the plastic would bust in the extreme cold.  Thank you for coming up with this awesome idea.
The TRUE test of a product is whether or not the company will stand behind the product when a problem occurs, and APC has totally failed in this matter.
To be honest, the Kindle is brighter and easier to read in less-than-perfect light.  However the Nook excels in nearly every other way.

Note:  Tivos and DirecTivos DO HAVE MODEMS so Rios' title header is somewhat misleading. But the facts in the body of the review are correct. Per Page 10 of RCA's manual (which is available on their website): "Note: The maximum baud rate for the Wireless Phone Jack is 14,400. Best results, however, will be experienced at 9,600."  This limitation is why I knocked off a star.
148	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It appears that this is the OEM version and it works great. Just what I was looking for.

2213	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent light to use for reading if you dreaded is not back lit. It seems to ave long battery life as well.
9544	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works..  :-)
4481	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	does what it is made to do
BUT! One thing about this is that for me, I tend to mark up and highlight my non-fiction books a lot because I'm using them for reference sources. It is very difficult to quickly retrieve highlighted text from the electronic source compared to my real, paper books. So I've actually come to realize that I'd likely be purchasing my non-fiction as real paper books anyways, so that I can have them for ready reference and mark them up with my highlights and little flags (yes - I'm a geek who uses the little flag tabs to mark pages in my books!) So, I'm now fine with the fact that I can't readily download non-fiction to my Nook and instead I continue to buy them as regular, paper books. As I said above, I'd likely buy my non-fiction as real books anyways since I use them as references.
2835	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This little handy-dandy device replaces multiple charges in my travel bag.  Now my wife and I can charge each of our phones and tablets with only one AC outlet, plus have room for another USB port for charging if needed.

So I say get one of these even if you are going to get a CCRadio....they are both pretty much the best am radios going...
and mostly, it randomly dies.
8816	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Fell apart after first use.  The soft part of the earpiece broke away from the hard plastic.  Had to toss them.  Very poorly made for something that needs to be hard and rugged for outdoor use.
129	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My nook is working again!  Yay!

The complete process took only minutes and couldn't be easier. Worth a shot if you're having issues.
3343	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good

 Finally, one downside of this  unit which you may not notice is that its ATRAC compression algorithm,  which the unit uses to remove "non-essential" parts of the audio  so that it will fit on the minidisc's limitted storage space, is an older  version of the algorithm.  Newer models from Sony and Sharp have newer  versions of the algorithm which supposedly results in better recording  quality, though I cannot comment on the accuracy of this.

1828	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	roommate loved this book and it kept her interest. if you like books without the sexual content a must read
6086	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
1659	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Smartly written. I like that he was heavily skeptical until it was apparent the devil was coming. The sequels are excellent until book 4, which is a bit too graphic with child murders.
7744	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Replaced a surge suppressor I had used for over ten years because one of the outlets no longer worked. This new SmartSockets surge suppressor lasted less than a month before two outlets stopped working.  I will not purchase another of this type.  It was truly a waste of $19.99.
It is the story of two brothers, the older a self-centered bully, the younger a near perfect kid everyone loves.  The story alternates between the present day  (early seventies) and flashbacks to their childhood. While I agree with some reviewers that at times the flashbacks ramble a bit too much, and I did skim a few of them, on the whole they are very important for setting the personalities, characters, and relationship of the two brothers.


Definitely going to have to find a different cable.
4327	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Just the right length to use at my desktop computer for charging the phone while I work or for synching music and files.
5651	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these for a few years as I use Belkin A/V Pure cables a lot. The colored ones are nice, think I will use them to color code cables.
1793	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Really liked this book.  It is rare to find an emotional yet fast paced free book.  Very well written so much so that I could see things as I read them.
1054	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Like many other people here, I received the 'Ultra' rather than the 'Mobile Ultra'. I specifically ordered the 'Mobile' card because of some compatibility issues people had so I am a little upset at being sent the wrong card.
I bought it because I wanted a good, inexpensive, big, vertical-format portable radio (I'm tired of the huge footprint and squatting look of most boomboxes today).  I wish it had digital tuning, but it doesn't.  The analog dial might not be very accurate, but in my experience, analog tuning has *never* been accurate.  I've always had to tune by ear rather than eye.
4275	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just as the oem product.
1264	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have owned my nook for two months now and am very happy with it.  My mom owns a Kindle, one sister a Nook Color, another sister a 1st Edition Nook...so I've seen my fair share of e-readers.  I did the research before I bought.  I actually bought my dad a Kindle 3G for Father's Day.  But the light weight of the Nook Touch was great for me.  I have problems with my hands and their abilities, so after a full day of commuting, typing, and writing, they've reached their peak.  It was the right choice for me.
6828	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It hadn't even occurred to me to check if something was USB 2.0, in years.
3968	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly! It's just the right size to fit in my bag with my ASUS Transformer for when I want to display anything on a larger screen.
I currently do not own a C Crane Radio Plus, which I find the Superadio III most often compared to, but it's also 1/3 the price.
You can also go to Barnes and Nobles and take classes to learn more about your Nook as there is so much to learn and so much that the Nook has to offer. Check in your area to see what times your local Barnes and Nobles offers classes.
Although prices are falling, flash  memory is still prohibitively expensive for most people. However, with  three dollars worth of MDs, you can record more than two hours of digital  quality music, plus some.  That's the more than double the maximum capacity  of most similarly priced portable MP3  units. And recording couldn't be  easier. All you do it turn on the external source, sit back and relax. The  722 does most of the work, including dividing tracks. Then, you are free to  name and edit tracks, which is made much easier thanks to the jog ring on  top of the unit. Essentially, the MD is like a super-high quality cassette  tape for the 21st century. It gives you all the convenience and audio  quality of CDs, with the customizable of tape.
6291	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised, no problemo.
4453	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We bought this Maxell Audio Head Cleaner to clean our tape heads on our tape cassette player (which is now obsolete being that it was created and used by us in the dinosaur age). It performed exactly as described. It cleaned up the audio heads quite nicely...the music doesn't sound muffled or unclear. Now we can play and listen to the oldies of our time the way we used to. If you own a "retro" tape cassette player, then by all means, get this audio head cleaner, it'll make it as good as new. Great product, highly recommend.
(Key feature in decision to purchase the Nook) Expandable Memory. By trade I am a Network Engineer and carry loads of .pdf technical reference guides with me on my Notebook computer. It will be nice to have them at my fingertips.
7625	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Really makes it easy to plug in a lot of awkward plugs with no hassle and keep it neat.
287	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My main intent in getting this particular book was for my wife, who has a MacBook (we both have iMacs - for which much information is still applicable). Keep in mind that this book is written with Snow Leopard as the intended OS, but there is not much difference from Leopard, if that is what you have.
8644	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	They work with both my Motorola 7200's and the MS350R's.  I wish the clip was rotated 180 degrees...it would work nicer on my jackets.  Its very convenient to have the Mic/speaker next to my head/ear vs having to pull the radio out and ask "What was that?"
7362	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great price for the number of blanks.
459	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was a little leery trusting mounting my 38" to such a low priced wall mount but my fears were totally unfounded.  The mount went in with quite a bit of work but I also made sure to attach it to the studs.  That thing isn't going anywhere.  Now the full range of motion allowed me to set up the TV in a corner of the room and I can still swing out the TV should I need to add or change out anything behind the set.  I'm thinking this mount will probably outlast the set at this point.  Luckily, there were plenty different VESA options packed into the box that I'm holding on to just in case.
Apart from the inconvenience and worry caused by the adapter, I've had no unpleasant issues. The micro SD has added a new dimension to my phone. Recommended as an alternative to a stand-alone MP3 player to anyone who has a phone that can perform that function.
3518	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cheap and fast

9261	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i am a labeling fool!! LOL  out of all the refills i order i like the White and Silver best the silver looks like i printed it right on the TDK Disc LOL
2192	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	TOO BRIGHT!!! KEEPS PARTNER AWAKE! I had to cover the lens with 2 layers of masking tape to dim the light enough to make it appropriate for a dark bedroom. It very much defeats the purpose of a book light.
2601	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I didn't realize this was for an iPhone 4.  It will not work on my iPhone 5. I will give to my daughter for her car.
5891	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good cable arrived fast
Cons:
1088	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Amazing card, I popped it into my ASUS Prime and was recognized instantly. Plays my 1080p movies without any hiccups or interruptions. So for less than the price of a 32 GB iPad2 I now have... A 96GB quad core monster. If you have a Prime, makes no sense NOT to get one. VERY pleased, as soon as I get my keybaord dock, will be getting a 128GB card that will put my Prime at 224GB and still cost me less than a iPad 64GB.
Last point is security.  I like the power line adapter concept.  With wireless, anyone outside your house could potentially access your files.  With power line, you've only got two points of entry.  You've got your router / Internet source which you'd have to worry about with wireless regardless.  And then you've got your home's electrical grid.  Unless someone walks up and plugs into your house electrical circuit, you're pretty secure.  And with the Belkin running AES encryption, you're even more secure as your point to point zone is secure.  This is good stuff and pretty cheap too.

Third the font choices are better and you get several more to choose from. Plus the size options all make sense. For instance on the Kindle the couple smallest font sizes are so small I can't see why anyone would use them and to me it's a waste.

1763	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
2416	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good quality. I like it.
1202	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wish the screen were a bit brighter & that current books were available for less. It works great though and I'm looking forward to leaving heavy hardback books at home.
5635	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	theres Belkin Velcro Cable Ties (8 Inch) are excellent.  with the color pattern i am able to label both ends of my cables making it a cinch to locate the one I'm looking for.  all of my cables are bound together with the monster cable management system also sold on amazon
9621	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well. If you need it you gotta have it.

4322	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality picture and sound on an HD tv.  Before ordering, make sure your tv has this connection on the back.  One of ours did and another didn't.  Fits the camera perfect.
3662	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	AA

Otherwise it's a ok  drive.

3528	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I should have read the reviews first.  I have NO problem whatsoever with the seller, but this product is awful.  It installed fine, with no problems.  It worked as it should have for less than a week, and then stopped working.  I tried to reformat it and everything, but the card is damaged.  I had to go and buy a new one at a local store.
6398	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A++
(3) Poor handling of many discs with extremely subtle scratches. One disc we rented (Talented Mr. Ripley) was so bad that the Sony S530D would not play an entire chapter of the movie. However, the el cheapo DVD player in my dinosaur laptop computer playerd it without incident.
***** Note- Since TV has gone digital, I can no longer catch the TV station in the morning.

3625	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As expected

9311	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well, it's tape, what more is there to say. The TZ231 is Black type on White background, 1/2" in size. This is perfect for labeling DVD cases, or optical discs.
5812	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product and not too expensive
3150	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great

1847	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A good book to help give you ideas for effectively using the Lego Mindstorm product.  Made it much easier to visualize and create projects.
8466	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've been collecting radios for a couple of years now, and own over 75 (at last count).  They range from old tube-type AM table radios to early transistors to the latest and greatest.  Let me tell you what I think about the Grundig YB400-PE:
5825	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice wire I'm sure it will last a long time
6589	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These work great & a good deal fro the money! I would definitely recommend these!
672	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This TV mount is easy to install.  Just follow the directions included.  I installed this near the ceiling and I'm using every bit of the 15 degree downward tilt.  Properly installed, the product is rock solid.  I installed a 32" tv on it.  I know it can hold much more.  The articulating arms are easily adjustable and if you want to tighten it down and lock it in position you can do that, too.
1814	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I enjoyed the book. I don't like that I have to read the next book to find out a key piece of the story. I will read the next book, but I would rather it was my choice and not because the author kept me hanging. I needed a change from what I had been reading and this one did that for me. First book by I've read by Ava Miles, I will read more.
I was hoping for something not quite so bright because I don't like the idea of diminishing my melatonin production right before I go to sleep. But since I can use it free-standing on my mattress, I can place it far enough away from my Kindle that it isn't overly bright.
8755	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely LOVE this product.  The picture and sound are both great.  The unit comes with enough cables to get you hooked into a TV.  It even has on optical out, so you HI-FI buffs will enjoy pure digital...
Several Mounting Figuration
1. Battery power (for power outages)
7313	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works great.  The only change I'd make would be to use a heavier gauge cable, but this one works fine.
3817	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as described!  Prime shipping!  Great product!
These are the Category 5e cables. They give you a better return feed, which results in better overall performance. So insist on 5e instead of just 5. I initially bought some wall plates from (a nation wide electrical supply store) that were Category 3, then I returned those for the snap in option Category 5. Those were returned also, when I went to (a nation wide building supply center)... (of all places to go networking) and they had the complete Leviton line of 5e accessories.
4445	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Much needed!
2664	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I could only give this USB car charger 2 stars because although it worked fine for about 3 months, it subsequently died on me.
3210	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Does not work with my keyboard or mouse. I am using an hp computer running windows 10. It took me a while to get someone to help me set up my new computer, and now I am passed the return deadline. $3.55 in the trash. The copy says it is supposed to work with Windows 10, but they don't.
9363	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am a labelling fool - there are a few applications where the labels don't last, but they are few and far between.  I have one in my Brother P-touch, a spare ready to go and I buy a replacement when I use the spare.
non-drm ebook format: nook - supports more popular epub vs kindle support of mobi.

Practically all new networkable devices today support 100 Mbps (FastEthernet) as well as 10 Mbps (Ethernet).  The EN-104 hub (and other 10 Mbps hubs) will limit you to the slower speed.
My review includes details of Kindle 3, the newest version! With the time period, I could still return my nook, but I'm still completely in love with it and don't want the kindle for the reasons below.
1593	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love it!
- I no longer use BN to purchase books, but when I did it was very easy. I could buy them from the device itself or from another and they would magically appear in my Library.
The reason my radios now need to be replaced (I just ordered one from Amazon and will try the Sangean for the second) is that the top of the radio is covered in plastic.  After 7 years of pressing the on/off button I'm sure thousands of times, the plastic over the on/off button ate through.  The on/off button needs that plastic over it to work!!  The damn thing won't turn on/off now!!  I tried turning the volume down to zero to "turn it off" but the batteries do wear out and it's annoying.
3065	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Have a netbook and also had external hard drive.  Bought somesoftware and tried to load it and it wouldn't.  Checked to see if there was a driver update for my external drive and found that many had problems with the drive.  So I bought the new drive.  Still had problems loading software.  Finally got manufacturer of software to provide new copy of software.  Problem was with software.  New drive worked great, even when I loaded another software program.  New drive is more compact and much easier to use than the old one.
3001	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Drive works, comes with 2 cables power&USB for older machines, extra power cable is unnecessary on my HP laptop.  Has driver disk with a copy of Nero 8.3 & TotalMedia Theatre - didn't need or test either programs...  Transfer speed was less then 5mb on my laptop but functions fine...
9448	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected. Arrived promptly. Packaging was rather surprising as I didn't expect it to arrive in an envelope instead of a box.
5761	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well
8336	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have two of these, one I just bought (used-mint condition) and one I bought new several years ago which is now dead.  People who do computer-aided design and need fine cursor control absolutely love the FX because the large ball gives you just that - better fine control than any other mouse or trackball.  However, some actions, like drag and drop, are difficult to do with the traditional left button and ball, and instead require the use of the 3rd button as a drag lock, which is easy to do, but different than you may be used to -- once you get the hang of it, it becomes second nature.  The fourth button can be programmed for scrolling.  The buttons are programmable - you can choose what function you want them to perform.
2714	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked good
971	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Used very little so far, but installed like a breeze and expected 64gb is available
7474	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought these to replace my APC Battery Back Up's that I had because I was sick and tired of the units beeping through out the day for no reason.  I like the design and it has the surge protector which is all I really need.
Installed a 15.5 lbs, 26 Inch Flat Panel LCD (VESA 200mm X 100mm) to this mount. Mount works beautifully! I originally had the TV sitting a little high on a stand, but then the picture was not as good because of the upward viewing angle of the screen (inherent problem with cheaper LCD's - not being directly in front of a LCD screen) - this mount corrected this issue by allowing me to "tilt down" the screen.  I would strongly recommend this mount if you are in the market.
5570	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	cable works well and appears to be of good quality
3842	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very easy for my father to use on his tablet. Literally, plug it in to an HDTV and it shows the image on both the tablet and the TV. As simple as that. No need to mess with any settings
1299	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I am still waiting for the perfect ebook reader. I bought the Nook for these reasons: 1) It reads industry-standard ePub-format ebooks, 2) it's tightly integrated with the B&N ebook store, 3) the ebooks are encrypted in a well-documented easily-understood format that is portable across multiple devices so they can be decrypted and read in, say, your iPad's Nook reader software, or even in a Sony Reader (with the very latest firmware), without having to be re-purchased because of DRM nonsense.
352	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Not as sturdy as I expected. I font recommend putting anything bigger than a 32 inch tv on this mount.
7633	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works

4497	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A good find for watching old vhs tapes.  Clean the head; and it won't be eaten.

1948	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted.
742	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The fact that the pivot point on this TV mount was not built straight caused the TV to tilt slightly when it was swung out.  there is no adjustment for it, so i had to make a choice for the tv to either be straight and level when it was pushed against the wall, or when it was out.  i do not recommend this wall mount.
* Massive collection of e-books to choose from (larger than Amazon's?)
1577	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this it is just what I was wanting for just reading books.  It is very light and fits in my purse perfectly.
2704	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am not a pro by any stretch of the imagination.  I do have a number of other lenses, including some Canon primes.  I purchased this to see if it would outdo my Tamron zoom.  Conclusively the answer is Yes.  I am completely satisfied with the image sharpness and I believe the best feature is the Image Stablization.  The IS feature alone improved my shots immensely at a wide range of apertures, and gives me a far higher percentage of "keepers" than I ever had before.  I am completely satisfied with the effects possible on my 60D body and it is full frame ready for when I upgrade.  Recommended if you can afford it.

4744	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Did a good job. Works as advertised.
new generation of roboticists and engineers to a deep and intuitive understanding these sciences.  This handbook should be included in every Mindstorms NXT Set to insure that the recipient will learn, absorb and extend the concepts which this powerful educational system can teach.
6519	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used Belkin routers for years, so didn't hesitate to get this handy Powerline unit.  Honestly, I have no idea how it uses the power lines to put the whole house on the Internet, but it does.  I have minimal problems with gaining access through the whole house, but this product eliminated all of them.  I couldn't be happier with how easy it was to set up and how quickly it solved my connections problems.  Definitely 5 stars.

8793	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Beautifully made but too heavy for me.  I should have bought only a screen cover.
3682	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great works well with Go Pro Hero 3 black edition. We have ordered these before Nice product from a reliable source.
I tested my Belkin adapter with a laptop, and then again in another part of the house with a desktop PC, and found that both not only connected to the 'Net seamlessly using a plain old electrical outlet, but that both did so smoothly and swiftly. Connectivity was possibly even faster than usual, and I saw no lessening in connection quality even when using it with a surge protector (although the manual does warn that slowdowns with this method can be an issue).
8456	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GOOD! IT WAS A GIFT FOR SOMEBORY ELSE.THERE'S NOTHING I CAN SAY.GOOD! IT WAS A GIFT FOR SOMEBORY ELSE.THERE'S NOTHING I CAN SAY.

1475	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Not happy with my Nook.  Be forewarned...you can pay for some books and they will download but you can't open them.  How to avoid this? Open up the description of your book on the buying site and make sure it says for Nook..and not nook color or nook etc...just Nook.  I've had to ask for credits several times already.
3655	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it should.

-May end up with a tear on the screen when glow light is on
9503	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	10 STARS. FAST DELIVERY EXCELLENT PACKING. GREAT PRICES.
1277	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described. Works great
For my fellow ereader newbies this really is just like reading a small paperback sans palpable pages. Superb print quality and contrast. Can even change font style. Very light weight. While could be next paperback size larger price is right-sized.
7929	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it is supposed to do. Works well.
7378	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	tapes work well
412	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	difficult to put together but once you get it figured out it is very good and provides great flexibility and movement
I really like everything about it, especially the fact that there is a battery that can be changed by B&N or by me after the warranty is out and the ability to visit B&N store for help.
9151	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had the old one which was cd/dvd.  It was no good for dvd.  This works great!  Really clean the DVD player.

6906	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I recently had to move my COMPUTER. In doing so I used this USB cable to extend the reach of my MOUSE. What I like most about BELKIN USB cables is that they don't pull apart at the joints as easily as the other LESS EXPENSIVE ones!
But don't let this deter you from going ahead and buying this extremely fine piece of machine. It is well worth the price, and well suited for at least 90% of cameras out there!
3619	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good

Overall it is a very good bag, if a little large with an ugly shoulder strap.
I bought the GE recorder and as others have said, the sound is horrible, muffled and hissing.  So I paid $10 more for an external mic, with very little improvement.
1372	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	For the price this is a great tablet. It lacks a camera, GPS, and bluetooth, but that still leaves a lot, between web browsing and running lots of Android apps. Barnes and Noble did cripple these with limited software through their store but I did get around that by rooting mine.
7819	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what it should.
Do Work!
5097	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have tried several waterproof radios and these Sony's are the only ones that work well. If the volume went a little louder I would have given it 5 stars.

1776	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really liked this book.  The characters were well developed.  The pace kept my interest and the story line was interesting.  It was a mix of romance and story and it kept me entertained.
5091	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	What is with Sony products lately? I had this for a little over a month and it just stopped working. Fresh batteries made no difference. For $50, I would expect better. Quality seems to be a major problem with Sony lately and I'm going to avoid ALL their products from now on. It's a shame, as they used to be high quality.
-Install the Gmail app to get your mail
- Battery life when wifi is off is as good as advertised.
7476	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works Great....length of cord is Super

5329	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I've never felt a need for noise cancellation headphones, but I received these as a gift. Fortunately, no one spent a lot of money on them, because they really seem cheap to me. The construction is flimsy, and they're bulky. Maxell might as well have included a paper sack to carry them in, as the bag that comes with them is not much more than that. It offers no protection to the headphones at all.

I'm a bit critical about the "Christian" message in books, mainly because it's often heavy-handed. Most of the "conversions" are contrived and the characters have to twist into some awkward positions in order to see Jesus. In this book, however, the theme of redemption is woven in each scene. Each character discovers God's redemptive power in their own way. Also, Nichols has a way with finding a scripture and creating a moving story around it. She beautifully illustrates the promise of Matthew 10:29.

9679	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's printer tape and genuine. It works as advertised so no complaints other than very expensive compared to other label printer tape.


3049	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yes, the case is plastic but I found it to be sturdy. Plugged it in and it was recognized right away. Reads the mini CD that comes with it just fine. Not loud or clunky. Faster than my internal drive and operates smoothly. Comes with Nero Burning ROM in one of the directories on the included mini CD. The serial number for Nero is in the directory where you will find Nero setup. I am 100% satisfied.
I own a RCA 7887 and it's o.k. but don't pay more than $35.00 due to the poor costruction or the possibilty of getting one that's DOA. I went through 5 units until I found one that worked to my satisfaction. Thank you to Amazon that took back all those radios and were kind enough to exchange them until I found one that suited me. Problems with the 7887 ranged from drift and poor dxing reception, to faulty installation of knobs. All the radios required time to warm up before they produced any sound and reminded me of my first tube receiver.
4194	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've used this in several notebook computers and cell phones, never an issue.  I've been very satisfied with it.
6060	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These work perfect and are great for the low cost. I have no complaints.
Book formats and availability
So far, I haven't ever used up all the memory on the card. We both use LG phones.

6585	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got exactly what was described the cords are perfect length for what I need them for and work great!
7450	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this GPS about 2 months ago and I take it everywhere I go! The GPS III+ is a great all-around unit that has capabilities to send you anywhere in the world with amazing accuracy AND that fits in the palm of  your hand. The unit includes a 12-parallel satellite receiver which can  lock your position in about 10 seconds (depending on your position in the  world) and with about 50 feet accuracy. Other features include: detailed  basemap (roads, coastline, cities etc), illuminated variable light display  (adjustable lighting), heading, altitude, sunrise/sunset, speed  information, highly informative timer system, and much more. The casing on  the unit is very durable and the display glass is scratch resistant (nice  feature). Along with all of this, the unit is also waterproof rated to 30  feet (wouldn't try it though, the battery compartment cover seems a bit  cheesy).
There is such a minimum of information on the outside of the box, in the store where I purchased it or even online that it wasn't until I got it home and unwrapped it that I found this out.
2883	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It doesn't work. Tried it on three PC and still no luck.
9830	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I am not satisfied with the quality of this product, and I will not recommend this product to others.
Good genre writing--well, commercial writing at least--reflect current issues and cultural interests. Sure, but genre fiction really crackles when the author loves his or her subjects. Such is the case with Simon Lewis and his second "travel/suspense" novel, *Bad Traffic*.
1649	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The first chapter was wonderful -- that's what sucked me in.

6343	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Quality of taping is very poor even with new VCR and new blank tapes.  Maybe will have too go to DVR after all.
8891	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great cable for the price
4894	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Maxell tapes arrived on time and in good condition.  These tapes record extremely well and are very reasonably priced here.  I recommend this product.  I give this a 5 star rating because it is great product and is delivered to your doorstep at no extra cost.
9478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great!
Aurthor: John Ray
4807	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	cleans  all my stuff
2. Oh, the weather channel - very nice, although a bit repetitive
So, I was looking into a touch screen.  I went with the Nook Touch with glow light because the light makes the background almost white, and so the text stands out better on a slightly glowing background that doesn't flicker and isn't tiring on the eyes.  The light distribution is very even and not at all distracting as reading with an external light can be.  She can read this much easier in all lighting environments than she could read the Kindle even in a brightly lit environment.




I am not one to "root" products like these (especially since they aren't "mine," as I won't be the one using them).  As the "guy," it seems I'm responsible for all technical support in the house and didn't want to deal with the ramifications (or, frankly, even take the time to run through all those steps to do it).  It's not that I can't, it's that it's a pain in the buttocks and I simply shouldn't have to.  We were not asking for the world, we were asking for a table that had Nook e-reader software and allowed a few other niceties.  I wasn't expecting an iPad for $250, but I was expecting working software and a functional email program.
THE GUIDE IS COLORFUL....AND PRINTED TO BE READ EASELY..I RECCOMMEND THIS ITEM TO ALL NEW AND CURRENT NIKON D300 OWNERS....
3924	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This HDMI cable got shipped the same day I ordered it. I was thinking it would work from my Canon SLR to my laptop to view photos after I shoot them, but it doesn't. I have a small lcd screen I use, and it works perfect...
7035	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My favorite uncle, now in his 90s, hangs on to an old 386 PC running DOS even after I bought him a new PC.  He uses both.  But he has also hung on to old keyboards he loves, including a pair of keyboards so old that they have the old PC/AT style keyboard connector.  He wanted to use one of them with his new PC that has USB inputs only (I had previously bought him a PS/2 keyboard to USB adapter so he could use his *other* beloved, only slightly newer, keyboard.)  He called me asking if I could find a way to get his old "big round plug" keyboard with the new PC.
7735	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do.
Cons: Performance of the system is directly proportional to the remaining charge on the batteries.

6438	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We just moved into an older 2 story home and I was challenged on how to connect our multiple internet devices (BlueRay with Netflix, Computers, Etc). Doing some research I discovered these internet adapters and I cannot believe how easy it was to wire this old house. Simply connect one to your router and the other in an electrical outlet in the room where you need connectivity. that simple! This worked so well I bought another set and now have full connectivity in my entire home. Very handy because in this older home where we have an office upstairs and downstairs needing connectivity
4021	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Buy another brand.  When your Kingston card fails you will waste time trying in vain to make use of your limited warranty.
1534	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love my nook!
**If you found this review helpful, do vote by replying Yes to 'Was this review helpful' **
9071	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it worked great for my DVD drive which wasn't reading
The tapes allow you hours upon hours of viewing enjoyment because you record onto them over and over again countless times although after some use the picture quality will eventually begin to gradually deteriorate.
Fifth, no stand. It would be nice if you could somehow stand the ipad up but this case is really just meant to be used flat on it's back. It's not sold as a case with a stand, but come on, for topping the $60 mark you would think it would have one.
3672	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	OK
8311	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The RIO rocks! It is so great that Diamond Multimedia prevailed in their fight against the forces of pure evil in the music industry and allowed us, the public, to have the RIO! This little baby holds your MP3's and plays  them with outrageous quality and no moving parts! You simply cannot make  the music "skip". Take it jogging, bob sledding, whatever! The  Rio is cute and compact, battery lasts forever, runs great and is really  simple to use. Works well with the PC linkup, etc. A hot item!
3153	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I had hard time connecting
====================================
6655	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use it in the bedroom to extend my phone charger. I love the length.
6303	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I mean what can you say? It's a USB extension cable. Belkin always makes good products.
Word of advise, be very careful using the Shun knives, they are not very forgiven and will treat your fingers no differently than the meat your are cutting!  Highly recommended.
2727	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought 4 of these for my test equipment - they got the job done. Though the screw on one of these did snap under medium torque... the other 3 adaptors were fine under the same torque. However, on a different one of these adaptors, I had to open up one of the pin holes slightly before it would accept my male cable. I would probably buy again.

601	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is possibly one of the best mounting kits I've ever purchased. I like the fact that there are pieces so the mounting kit can cater to all models of TV. (Whether they have a rounded or flat back). Mine had a flat back so I didn't need the extra piece, but once that step was cleared it was only a matter of minutes before it went up on my wall.  The adjustable arm is nice, as it is setup in our bedroom. At night the TV is angled towards the bed and makes it super easy for both of us to see up on the wall, and during the day its turned in another direction towards my desk - also making the ability to view the TV while working.
2478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good item

6304	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great!
2169	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This thing is pretty bright -- almost in a bad way. I have a history of sleeping for a few hours and then waking (and staying awake) in the middle of the night. I wanted to read on my non-backlit Kindle so as to try to calm my mind, but this light is so bright that it wakes my husband up...which defeats the purpose. On the other hand, it certainly provides enough light to read so that my eyes aren't strained!
5887	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable keeps my devices connected.  I enjoyed plugging them in.
8812	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This push to talk ear bud worked great needed it for work and it never failed me. Would purchase again.
The cable works great, and I don't have to use the 25' cable Line 6 sent me (25 feet?).
I'll update my review as I have more time to play with it in the next few months
1954	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great clips on ...2 brightness modes...lights both pages..great design..love it
It is a must if you are traveling with a group of motorhomes and need to communicate with each other.
1536	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Our local library is in the process of changing from the OverDrive library to the 3M Cloud Library.  The 3M Cloud Library will not support the Kindle format.  In order to continue checking out e-books, I had to buy a Nook.  This was a used 2 generation Nook.  I still like my Kindle better than the Nook, because the Kindle gives me the option to read horizontal or vertically.  The Nook does not offer this option.  The quality of reading is the same as the Kindle.  You can read the Nook in direct sun same as the Kindle.  The buttons on the sides of the Nook to turn pages are very stiff.  The swiping and tapping is another way to turn pages, but unlike the Kindle this requires 2 hands, one to hold the Nook and one to swipe or tap the screen.  Overall the Nook will do as a e-reader when the Kindle is not available.
9304	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very Nice - Good item - I Like it works just as it should.
These are simply a good staple for memory cards, with a long average product lifespan.
1102	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked like a charm in a HP TouchSmart 610-1030f; going from 4GB (2GB x 2) to 8GB (2GB x4).
DR FARMER

At 66 and having grown up listening to World War II tales of Burma from my father, I found this book particularly captivating. My father talked about the elephants, the native Kachin, Chindit, Naga, and Burmese peoples, the Imperial Forces, native built bashas, and the jungle and its wildlife. At 90, Dad also found the book quite riveting.
25	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Volume buttons were dead on arrival. be aware of possible defects!!
2210	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this one by mistake.  I kept it anyway and put it in my spare room, which equates to my grand kids room when they're here. I keep it by their bedside as either a little light to keep on all night or to use for books I keep for their reading enjoyment. Yes they do have Kindles, but believe it or not, I do have some actual "books", otherwise I wouldn't be a grandmother if I didn't have "old" stuff around:)

4097	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thats for what I'm using these cards for. Installing GPS maps for overseas is smooth and works great 8 months in. I've expected a cheap'o card. Goes well so far.
8409	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this headphones really work great
3139	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because an electrical storm fried the Ethernet interface of my otherwise perfectly functional laser printer.  For $35, this effectively replaced it and kept the printer (and the set of supplies for it) in business.

657	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The VideoSecu line of articulating wall mounts has become our standard of choice for high quality articulating wall mounts within our home.  The value is such that the convenience of having an articulating wall mount for connecting or reconnecting cables is well worth the few bucks required to mount our HDTVs conveniently to the wall.  Highly recommend this great quality product. This wall mount will secure any of the HDTVs using the VESA 100 or VESA 200 mount pattern. We like to use a mount on the larger end than actually needed so if we later upgrade the HDTV with a larger size there's a much better chance we won't need to replace the articulating mount.

3547	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery.  Works as described and does the job. Kingston reputation was final decision maker.  Would buy again.  Using with Samsung Galaxy S4.
Ordering a CD cleaner next. Sigh...the CD's are borrowed from the libary -
231	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This book contains three novellas about vampires and Christmas.  Frankly, I wouldn't have guessed the two could be combined in any form worth reading but Betts has done it.  This is not a literary masterpiece but it is a fun, very sexy (yes, erotic)read.  If you are looking for something vampire light with a holiday feel then this one is for you.
Revision.... This does not work on a MAC with a HD 5770... changed the graphic card out for a Radeon 6870.... works great. The problem with the 5770 was that the display would respond intermittently... sometimes just stayed black, sometimes the desktop display came up. Great display though, 2560 x 1600 resolution on DVI-D, just be sure you have one of the recommended graphic cards.
2316	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised
2530	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Worked for all of a couple of hours and now is so loose and shaky that it won't charge my phone.  Terriblly manufactured product.

9291	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this color in a display rack to show new items. The colors are good, without over powering your other items in the display. Pretty easy to remove, I leave a little extra length on one side to help with removal.
6014	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Work good
8763	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've had this player for a few months now, and loved everything about it except for the occasional sync problem.  Sony has fixed the problem on newer versions, and if you buy an older one you can take it to a Sony service center for a free fix (it requires a firmware update).  A bit of a  hassle, but it is free and they'll mail it back to you for free when it's  fixed.
4)  Accessory package includes a good quality soft case, AC adaptor, bud-type earphones, and 23' compact SW antenna
812	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this to use on my Android phone to cast to a monitor.  It is a little slow on the refresh to the monitor but not enough to keep me from working. or casting videos.  I am an IT person so I use to on external monitor with my phone when I connect remotely to my work.
3618	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
8413	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great headphones, especially for the money!
2427	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Total junk!!  Ordered 2 and neither worked. Does make a nice blue night light but does not supply any power. Used several different cables that all worked fine with other chargers.  These would not even make an electrical connection to begin charging on our iPhones.
2442	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good acquisition to recharge your phone in the Car.
> There is no indication on the main display what folder you are playing (although a great amount of other useless information is displayed)
3891	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It seems to work ok to connect my TV with a Canon DSLR. . . . . . . .
When you don't use your camera on a regular basis like I do, this is a great review reminder.
1995	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought this to have a quick reference guide to my camera, there is so many settings, it can be easy to get lost sometimes.
1237	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm the kind of guy that wants something to function well and that's it.  This thing is brilliant at what it does: displays ebooks.  No frills, no apps, no video, no nonsense.  Because of this it makes it very easy to use.  Download Calibre for free and this baby syncs right up with it.  Battery lasts forever, and it has the same charger as most android smart phones, so In the mornings I take my smartphone off its charger and replace it with my little nook.  I am in the military and as someone else said, this fits perfect in the side cargo pocket of my ABU's.  I had the Kobo, which was a great reader, and my wife had the last nook which I didn't like because it was so damn heavy.  I bought this for me so I could give my Kobo to my little girl.  I was able to snag one used on here from a seller named NikonLover for $47!  This thing is really great.  The only complaint I can make is that the page buttons are a little too recessed, but this is not a huge issue as I turn the pages mostly via touchscreen anyways.  Using this little beauty, and loading all of my own books, and PDF's that I have converted via Calibre, makes me beg the question: Why are people still buying Kindles?  I guess that is the same dilemma I have with Iphones.  Oh well, a fool and his money....  Buy this now!  You will not regret it!
Upon receiving this cleaner (late-even using Prime) I found a pretty cheaply made cassette with a Maxell sticker on it (shame on you for using such a cheap supplier). You put in some drops of the liquid and run for 30 seconds. After doing that I put back in the tape I was copying-and got nothing but snow. I tried a couple tapes, even one's I had just copied, nothing. They are now unwatchable on this machine.
The cons: PlueProton's and Barnes & Nobles's total lack of responsibility for their defective Nooks - why I gave the Nook such a low rating; Amazon's siding with Blue Proton's irresponsible returns policy; dreary gray screen which makes it difficult to read except in bright lighting; touch screen not as sensitive and responsive as it should be - often have to touch the screen a few times before getting a response.
no GPS, this would be nice, unlike bluetooth, I would actually use it.
6827	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A most have for a moble office and for kids in the back seat to charge and use their devices
4188	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As an owner of the HTC Touchpro and Samsung Propel, I was frustrated with the limited memory on each device.  This memory card solved the problem, allowing me to easily transfer data between both as well.  Works perfectly, setup was a simple as plugging the card in either device.  The Micro SD adapter is great as well, allowing me to easily transfer photos onto my laptop.  I cannot think of a cheaper way to get extra flash memory than this.

1952	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very bright lights and works well.
2459	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quick shipping, works as described. No complaints
8452	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This mic works well, but it's a bit awkward.  I got it because the webcam I was using didn't have a built-in microphone for my Yahoo Messenger and Skype live chats.  It was crisp and clear sounding, but I've since upgraded my webcam and no longer need it so much.
23	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like it should

2752	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	my charger snapped due to wear and tear. almost decided to buy a new GPS for $100 until i found this charger.
8035	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm so sick of most local stores overcharging for cables.  I always try to buy my cables online.  Sometimes you don't really know what you are getting though.  This one worked perfect and I would not hesitate to buy again.  Good cable, good price!
7088	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this cord to extend the usb hub for Rock Band on my xbox 360 instead of buying the controler extentions and it worked great and saved me from buying 3 cords.
Craig Fenton
I now have the best of both worlds.
3312	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
8333	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good as described. Works flawlessly. Fast shipping as well. The little red button doesn't work due to unavailable logitech drivers for this mouse in windows 7. Hopefully someone out there can come up with a suitable driver to get this little red button to work.
4410	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	bueno

Resolutions excellent.

9520	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
I read other reviews saying this was not the original Maxell VCR cleaner.  It seems like it is to me, but bottom line, I could care less, it worked.  I will say this though, if you want to convert precious home movies to DVD/digital from VHS, don't use an old VCR.  This improved the VCR by magnitudes, but in my opinion, it's not going to be as good as new VCR's that are made specifically for converting and compensating bad track.  Either that, or, pay one of those send-away services to do it.
(4) Most of the time, the player spontaneously turns itself "off" about ten seconds after you turn it "on".  When I turn it "on" a second time it stays "on" properly.  It doesn't matter if there is a DVD in the tray or not, or if you turn it "on" from the front panel or with the remote
5900	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say...The wife uses them & won't upgrade. We have a Model T pick up also.,
9509	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my labels and this tape is perfect.
And the top reason you should buy this radio is:
Read: 11.0 mb/s
Brother's Labeling Tape is designed to withstand weathering, so they are suitable for use indoors or outdoors.
The fantasy elements are so neatly done, that you find yourself believing them just as much as you believe in the more mundane and recognizable reality that Jake, Cole & Sean are experiencing in the story.  Many authors can make fantasy exciting and others can make reality realistic, but to be able to do both is something you don't often seen in YA novels.  Also, unlike many YA books, this story had characters that both boys and girls would be interested in.  This is definitely not a book that will be pegged as a book just for boys or just for girls.
* Battery life (obviously) - leave the wi-fi off
I'm running an HP Pavilion laptop with Windows 7 OS for the dock and update. The USB port DOES charge the GPS, at least with my laptop, despite the warning in a previous review. Even if it didn't, the supplied 12-volt and AC chargers take care of getting the battery up to speed.
Then, there product is HIGHLY bugey.  Crashing often, it has huge  battery issues.  For instance - if you're transfering data and the battery  dies then the unit has to be reset at the FACTORY.  And this happens a LOT  because unlike other USB products that are powered off the USB Bus, the Rio  drains batteries like CRAZY when transferring files.  I end up having to  put in a brand new battery every time I transfer files just because I don't  want to deal w/ a Factory Reset.
8853	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like this trash bag it fits the bill for me pretty well.  Just about the right size bag I'm not sure I would want it any bigger,I think it would get in your passengers way as they get in and out.  I really like the elastic closure on the top if it does get bumped nothing spills out.  Its also really easy to empty with the velcro along the bottom.  I use this in my work car and I am going to purchase another for my personal car.
5140	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good value, on time shipment. no complaints.  thanks  here are 12 more words to fill up  the space as requested
Here is the problem I bought a 3g nook at the store.  I tried to get the 3G part to work and never could figure it out. So on mothers day as a treat I went by myself(no kids) to the Barnes and Noble Store to ask what I was doing wrong. Apparently I was doing nothing wrong I got a defective nook.  So they said I should return my nook to the company (not through the store) and they are sending me a new nook in its place after I gave my credit card to insure I would return it. Great sounds good. Today on my porch is my new Nook YEah!!! No not good I open the box and it says pre-owned certified nook. I paid 199 for my new nook that was defective and the pre-owned nook costs 139 online.  With tax and all that, the  difference is 71 dollars. I should get refunded money plus something for all the time I spent with this. I spent and hour at the store trying to resolve this and now it looks like I will be on the phone for an hour too. Two freaking hours for what? I paid for a defective NOOK and they are giving me a pre-owned one. How does that make sense? It does not. THey are waiting for me to hang up they keep telling me they are all in a meeting. THis is not good. DO NOT BUY A NOOK NOR DO NOT CALL CUSTOMER SUPPORT THIS IS POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.
5579	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is an ethernet cable. What is there to be said? It is cheap, and it works fine.


1461	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When I first heard about e-book readers, I was skeptical and did not want to give up my precious collection of books. (I have a teeny tiny little hoarder of books inside of me!) But then I finally caved and decided to try one because of my difficulty in reading larger and heavier books laying in bed at night, and due to being away from home for periods of time where I couldn't easily carry a dozen books with me.
494	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This worked perfect.  The universal design would fit 99.9% of the TV's as advertised.  Easy to mount and very durable.
8038	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used it for several months. Works for its function. Of course, the review would be more useful after a longer time.
7241	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice-wish it was a little longer but otherwise superb

296	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Clearly written book explains Chromebook procedures in easy to follow chapters.  I bought this Chromebook for my sister-she is challenged by new technoilogy!  She had it working the first day!  I was so impressed-bought another for myself!
love the humor of the Sparta 301 model number, the glass stand is cool, the no glare screen is awesome, not one dead pixel and over all this thing rocks my socks!!!!
8100	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great cable.

8946	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you just need to connect a router or switch, and don't want to bother about making your own cables, this is a great option. Certainly pricey for what it is, but the snagless design is very solid and you won't have to worry about bad cables, as these are all pre-checked for you.
5664	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A simple little product that is a great help in keeping control cords used on a video jib. I like having them in various colors so as to be able to keep track better of several different cords. These are well made.
2566	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hard to be sure without a powermeter but it seems that this one can deliver 2A on a single port when only one port is connected.  My Galaxy Nexus was charging even when navigating.  It is definitely better than those wimpy units floating around.
5188	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Used a Panasonic 2.4Ghz phones as the extension and it would not get a dial tone.  Plugged in a simple corded phone and it worked just fine.
1942	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!  Excellent
4017	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	awesome
7282	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this addition to my toolbox. It is nice to be able to tighten up a bolt then put the ratchet on top of it to finish it up. The handle fits comfortable in my hand and works quite well.
5390	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect replacement. Easy to replace.
9. It would be much easier to get psyched for work if you could listen to some good rock while gettin' clean
The keyboard is nice, any time a text field comes up you will have the keyboard pop up on queue. It's fast, responsive, and best of all doesn't look like a 1970's era fax machine keypad like some of the older readers on the market.


5529	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I mean, it's an ethernet cable. It's durable, easy to clip in and pull out, and seems to work great. I bought three and haven't had any issues.
7154	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The wireless modem/phone jack idea is a great one, but it rarely works the way it is intended.  Whether it's interference from other electronics, old house wiring, or any number of things, it tends to have a poor signal resulting in a bad connection.  If you're using this for either a modem, security system that requires a phone line, or a telephone jack, it's likely not going to give you the results you want.  My recommendation would be to go ahead and have a phone drop and jack installed and call it a day.  It may be a more expensive option, but it's by far the best one.
387	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to mount a 50" LG in my daughters' playroom. Installed in about an hour (probably b/c I was doing it by myself) but was still able to do so easily
SO FAR SO GOOD AND I AM PLEASED THAT FINALLY I FOUND SOMETHING THAT JUST CLEANS. IT MAY DO MORE BUT I DIDN'T LEAVE IT ON LONG ENOUGH TO SEE....JUST LONG ENOUGH TO 'CLEAN.'
The controls are limited to on/off and up and down for brightness.  There are actually seven buttons of which it seems only those three are used.  They all click with a decent tactile feel anyway.  There are no onscreen graphics generated by the display when changing the brightness (or pressing any of the other buttons).  It might be nice to adjust both displays to the same level, but I guess if I can't tell just by looking at it, it doesn't matter.  There is only a single DVI-D port and a DC power port.  Do you care if there is a rather large brick for a AC/DC power transformer in line between the plug and the display?  I don't, and the last multi-monitor rig I set up with Displayport had some issues with handshake causing the one display to go black and stay that way until a reboot.  Oh, and the AC plug looks like a European standard, with the big bulky round thing and two cylindrical  prongs.  It comes with a plug adapter and I had room for the two plugs on the power strip.
This and the other cable I bought at the same time, 2.5 years ago, both seem to be working well. Neither has seen heavy abuse, so I can't attest to it's road-worthiness, but in my home it still carries a strong, clear signal!
Good luck to those who are getting a webcam.  If you need more info on the mount, just contact me.
4117	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best price, as offered and received sooner than promised. Card works great and is just what I needed, than you
538	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this depending on the reviews I saw, got to say it was worth it, it holds my 40" TV up perfectly and there has been no issues or problems!!
5751	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	no commet
3417	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job!
8673	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Radio is usually positioned either on the back of left shoulder, or back of left hip, eith handset clipped to left shoulder frontside or left pec.
I received this product at a discount price in exchange for my honest opinion.
4150	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I can only give good grades. Good quality. My daughter  uses perfectly. I am going to buy another one for my friend's daughter.
9664	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	the best
But many friends, and my wife love their Nooks
1191	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	My Kindle broke and I replaced it with an extremely cheap Nook.  Since then I have been extremely disappointed.  I only expect three things out of an e-reader and was shocked to learn that the Nook fails on two of the three counts.
-built nicely
1. Oustanding image quality, great colours, etc. Typically Nikon does err a little on the side of preserving detail, so you might find a little contrast/brightness adjustment in Photoshop to your taste.
912	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	fake sd card!
4645	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine. The only Caveat is that you may need to manually switch the end where the cable comes out to match the  direction of your cassette player.  When used as configured my player rejected it until I changed the end the cable came out.  I would have preferred a product that did not require configuration.


437	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Inexpensive, easy to set up, plenty of versatility regarding size of TV. Highly recommended.
Only problem I have was that the mounting plate blocked the power cord from the TV! Therefore I had to plug the cord (with some jigging around and loosening of screws) in first before mounting. One star off for this oddity. Or maybe it's a Samsung thing?
9283	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worx great
1) Nook is sturdily reliable.  I have had no failures with it whatsoever, although I carry it everywhere and use it daily.  I do have it in a protective case, but I had my Kindle in a protective case and it kept breaking anyway.  POINT:  NOOK.


Much nicer setup than the bulky parallel port setup.

2062	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Purchased for my son's birthday.  Clip broke within an hour of opening the package.  Unfortunately, too late to return.  Do not buy this piece of junk.
8061	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The is an extremely cheap and one of the fastest commercial cables you can get. Totally worth the money. Look no where else.
4304	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Prompt shipping. On time delivery. Excellent quality cable. Tested using my Canon SX 40 and it worked really well for images and for video. Good buy and great price.
This device will download books if you're outside the US, however, you need to have a credit card that was issued from the US to purchase the books.  I even tried purchasing an eGift card from Barnes and Nobles and using that to purchase my books, and even though i was successful in purchasing the gift card, it will check your default credit card prior to deducting credit from your gift card.  I ended up having to change the name on the account to my mom's name and used her credit card to purchase books. (she lives in the US)
5110	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had this radio for months now and really like it. I like the digital tuning and timer function. The battery life is great. I am thinking of buying another one.

thanks I will certainly seeks your site again...
7948	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	quality cable that is a little thick and the connectors feel strong and durable. would not hesitate to buy again.
The downside to this is that, as of now, Amazon books tend to be cheaper than any other e-reader store.  However, all the ebooks are usually within a dollar or two, and I like having the freedom to go and purchase e books from multiple stores, instead of just being locked into one.
4738	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	OK
I needed a short one between my receiver and my Roku and this one fit perfect.
4718	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used Maxell XLII for over two decades.  I've used them on a Nakamichi 581 cassette deck, a Tandberg TCD320 cassette deck, and small hand-held recorders from Sony (with built-in microphone).
7082	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Instead of the pictured Belkin cable, I got a flimsy generic cable.  Total and complete rip off.
Just one thing to consider, setting up takes a little doing at first whether you plan to buy books from B&N or check out books from a library via the internet.
One thing that is important to mention is that Belkin recommends you not plug these into either a surge protector or a UPS device as both are likely to block the signal. They recommend plugging the devices directly into the wall.
3002	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works well with my ASUS T100 perfectly.  It's also a nice portable size for the price.
8074	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	These cables are flakey and cheap. Spend the money and buy a better grade cable The cable is not reliable and the plastic clips break easily.
839	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Stopped working after a week. I didn't return it because Amazon put me on warning for returning 2 of a hundred items.
2) Poor documentation  and software. There's little documentation with the unit to describe the  functions of the scroll wheel etc. you're on your own to figure it  out.
9884	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This tape works fine for my label printer. The adhesive holds pretty well. It is not very flexible once you have it stuck on - I would not advise using it for labeling cables unless you use the "flag" method. I have noticed that if you leave the labels on something for an extended period of time it leaves a white residue behind if/when you remove them.


9861	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This OEM tape is just as expected and pricing was better than anything local.  We have had nothing but great results with this tape and our Brother labeler.
3786	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good for checking  my address in the house
2433	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	AS REVIEWED
682	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	VERY HAPPY, it looks great, I'm so happy we got it. Holds good, it is a lil hard to get it to the wall. Other then that its fine I love how we have more room in our room. My husband is so happy I ordered this, it only cost us $28 free shipping and FAST(: VERY THANKFUL TO THE SELLER.
3103	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work on my iPhone or iPods. Loved that it is compact. Wasn't out much money luckily. Do not recommend.
751	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works!


3335	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This 64GB MicroSDXC card was bought for my Samsung Android S4 to give it more memory to be able to update current Apps on my phone and stopped it from telling me I was out of memory. This card solved my problems and it has also speed up my phone as well. I am very pleased so far with the performance and also they shipped my product really quickly as well. Very pleased with this purchase. The price cannot be beat for this size 64 GB card and performance and SanDisk put our reliable memory cards. There is a program that comes with this card that help you organize, keep your phone clean from too many Apps, keep the date from photos and videos becoming a memory hog. i did not use it, just put the card in and let my phone format it and it does just fine without the special Application with the card to keep your phone from becoming slow, sluggish and running out of memory space from photos, videos etc. I did not need that since I don't keep photos stored on my phone or keep videos. This card does have quite a bit of options for the price to give your older android Samsung phone the extra memory it needs since some of the Apps we like are memory hogs, one of them I can mention is Facebook which keeps updating all the time and taking more memory to run it on your phone and it works right for example for one memory hog application that everyone uses.
8450	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like this headset. I have four of them. I find I use PTT most of the time, to avoid cut off first syllables, etc. When I absolutely have to be hands-free, though, the VOX will work, too. Decent, understandable audio, unlike some I've used
6461	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am one of these  people who will just not give up on the VHS. The tapes I have now & have been recording over a lot needed to be replaced. These tape are very good and I am glad to find them.
2777	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I've been waiting a while for this cover, and it's everything I thought it would be: Moleskine quality, substantial feel, nice holder for the iPad, and a replaceable pad.  The only thing missing is a pen loop.
Memory:  64MB allows me to place almost any CD I have in memory.  I have a mixture of 128KBS and 192KBS sampling rates on my mp3s and at 192 a single CD is about all that fits on there.  The expansion port for memory upgrades will come in handy.
9220	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A wonderful camera for Intrnet use. For auctions, emails, web sites, Etc. this is a fine camera. The advantages are great macros (down to 1"),10X zoom lens, comes with rechagable battery and charger, simple downloading of floppies to your PC and the economy of using floppies as the storage medium.  However this is NOT a camera suitable for Photos (Because of the 640X480 resolution) Do not make the mistake of taking important shots and assume you can get decent photos. For fine photos go to a 1 or 2 megapixel cameras. I also own the Nikon Coolpix 950 camera and recommend any Nikon or Olympus camera. Only the Nikons have great Macro capability (If this is important) A great buy for the money is the Olympus 460/490.
2. Software is buggy and will cause your system to lock up on  occasaion.
8250	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this to connect all my video game systems and it works GREAT. I have not used the remote feature, but dollar for dollar this is the best switch out there. if you need 6 devices hooked up to a TV get it..... it is self powered and it has svideo and composite.. look around you won't find a 6 switcher, self powered for LESS. If the learning remote feature is important to you (it is not to me) subtract a star.
5667	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	a ok
4457	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	After reading the fine print warnings on the label (much first aid advice on what to do if the patient stops breathing after coming into contact with the solution...) we carefully put a couple of drops of cleaning solution on the tape, put the cassette  in the player, and listened as it choked and ground and clicked, and then refused to come out when I hit 'eject.'  In the process of wrestling the cassette out of the player, the tape broke.  Hoping that the few seconds of cleaning had done some good, we then put in a regular tape, which DID play better for a few minutes, then quickly faded.
5715	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I use these to hold my kitchen appliance cords.  They work great, I use to use twist ties, which worked, but these are just so much nicer.  The entire strip is velcro and then the one end has the sticky part.  They come in multi colors.

6847	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Belkin products has always meet my expectations  and this usb extention cable was no exception. Keep up the good work.
The unit is easy to operate and had a claimed battery life of up to two months. It is easily charged from a micro USB connection and files can easily be copied from a PC.
8365	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	THANK YOU..THESE work perfect!!! now i can play and not disturb my family
Quite cleverly, Miles had placed his Nashville home along the Dare River, so what could be a more effective brand tie-in than Dare Valley and Dare River. However, reading Country Heaven, I wasn't thinking of branding or cute names, but was enjoying the freedom that Miles was having in telling the story of Rye and Tory Simmons, the gem of a cook he found in a roadside diner.
5539	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Short, sweet, and colorful. Everything you could want in velcro ties. =]
The exterior is "Synthetic PU Leather", which feels like soft glove leather. Some people might prefer genuine leather, but you can't even tell the difference.

3838	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used this to connect an older NVidia GTX460 video card in a PC with a low clearance backplate mini-HDMI port to me AV receiver on a home theater system. Cable worked perfectly with no issues!
1521	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice e-reader. Still have experienced no issues with the backlight version - haven't seen any "tearing" in the screen as others have reported.
8744	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good product
8492	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what the doctor ordered - using it as an extension between a Sophos UTM appliance and an Optoma projector - works great.

Why 4 stars (not 5): It's a shower radio that at $50 is a little expensive.
restock if possible.
8355	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I was very disappointed with this product.
7530	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a power strip with the outside in this orientation because it works better with some power supplies. This is now in a customer's video rack and it looks clean.
1261	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	In full disclosure this is the first e-ink reader I have ever owned.  That being said, I've heard complaints from others about older models and have people at work compare their kindles to my nook touch and they think mine is sweet.  For me the size is perfect and once you play around with it, it is very easy to navigate.  It only has wi fi and no 3G but that may not matter to some.  I'm very happy with it so far and my only real complaint is that the B&N accessories are a little on the high side.  I mean really, you're paying 140 bucks for the reader, you shouldn't have to shell out $30 for a case.  Other than that, I think it's really cool and it doesn't have any of the web browser/mp3 nonsense on it that sucks anyway on e readers.  If you're on the fence regarding e readers, go with this one and help keep book stores alive!!!
Update! Anker Company has replaced my Note 3 Portfolio case! Now that's what I call customer service. So far the product has no issues and I have adjusted my ratings to 5 STARS! Due to the customer service and product replacement. Thank you!
I want my ereader to do ONE THING. I have a tablet for other stuff, iPods, phones, etc. I use an ereader for reading in bed. I have a first gen Nook that still works great, but I hated the user interface. The dual screens were annoying (you always want to touch the upper screen!) and the menus were not intuitive. And that shiny white frame - no! So I was happy to see that in this version all those problems were solved. It features a lovely matte black frame with a rubberized finish and the glowlight is just perfect. Its brightness is fully adjustible and not uneven or distracting.
2449	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	More bang for your $$$$$!
8049	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Really substantial cable and so much easier to use because of the distinct colors!  My husband laughed until he used it!
5133	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	thank you
9953	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got this mostly to just monitor the traffic on interstate.  Installed it in my new SUV and didn't want to drill holes or cut things.

5756	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had not used the CD/DVD burner in my MacBookPro very much and was dismayed when error messages signaled a problem.  From the articles and blogs, I gathered some useful remedy might be doing simple solutions before taking the unit in for what I felt was an imminent replacement.  A review by a fellow Amazonian sent me on a search to find the Allsop 23321 before any other.  Cleaning disc in hand I reread the instructions fearful I would mess up on the procedure.  Pushed into the slot I was mildly surprised the Allsop was not rejected.  In a flash the process was telling me I was set to go.  My proof was complete when the next time I asked iTunes to burn a disc -- it happened!  I keep the Allsop in my laptop bag... it's too valuable not to.
I picked it for the 24" reach. 32" Samsung TV. Swing it over the desk, it's a third computer monitor...swing it back to the wall, it's a TV. I couldn't believe the price, but the reviews here gave me the confidence to try it.
*You can expand your memory on the Nook and on the Sony touch. The Kindle you cannot, though the Kindle will hold 3,500 books, don't know if you need more space then that?!
9299	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It may not have all the cute features that you could want on a camera, but it makes up for it by being durable and rugged.  I just recently discovered the "WP" stands for weatherproof, not waterproof.  I've been taking mine into the pool and into the ocean for years without a problem, although the camera has never been deeper than a few feet under the water. It is not sufficient if you are a serious scuba person, but for the traveler or outdoor enthusiast, this camera will greatly expand your picture taking abilities.  While I have several expensive, feature-laden cameras, I often prefer to use this camera.  I find it has three advantages for me.  First, its ruggedness allows it to go places my expensive cameras cannot.  This includes the beach, on to boats, or into water.  You can throw this camera onto the sand or take it into the ocean for fun vacation shots.  Second, I'm not worried about losing this camera, as I would be of losing a more expensive camera.  Not only is it moderately priced, but also you can slip it into a bathing suit pocket and swim with it.  You don't have to leave it on a towel and worry about it as you swim.  Thirdly, it's small and lightweight.  It's not burdensome to carry-around.  For those times that you would like to get a snapshot, but you don't want to lug around a camera bag and a bunch of attachments, this camera is perfect.  And while you're carrying it, you don't have to worry about getting caught in the rain.

9255	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good tape .... just like I have bought in the store for a higher price! Same good quality & cheaper price through Amazon.
2789	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I really want to like this light, but it's not very good.  The construction is decent, but the execution is terrible - don't buy it!
1107	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Using in HP thinkclient 5740 for 3 gig (keep the 1 gig on one slot, 2ig on back slot). Detects and passes checks no problem.
8403	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	what? can't hear you
6587	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	ok

The carrying case is cheap-looking (so is the neck strap).

The build quality seems up there and I suspect these will last many years.  I own three pairs of tongs, and all are Kuhn Rikon.  The other tongs are the 11 inch "Kuhn Rikon Silicone Tongs" (which have the same shape as these) and the "Kuhn Rikon 12-Inch Silicone Tongs" (which have an angled grabbing end.  You can search for these on amazon by using what I wrote in quotations as your search.
So easy to read. A big plus is that when you search for a subject on B&N, once it has exhausted the B&N offerings (some free!), it goes on to list all the Google Books in the same category. If you make selections of Google books those are downloaded exactly the same as paid selections. I love the way this all happens automatically. You don't have to do anything at all. You can also add audio books, other audio files. The approximately 1,500 book capacity plus the capability of adding more storage is another real plus.



Updated 01/31/2010
THE BAD
-Holds a charge very well if the battery is good
7028	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sent quickly, reasonably priced, reliable vendor. Couldn't find this short length at our local Radio Shack or Wally World. Amazon is turning into our first stop for most shopping these days!
Clips on and holds well and is easy to direct the light.
8246	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This sound card doesn't reproduce MP3 or WAV files any differently than a more expensive card would.  Creative Labs has always made great cards and drivers.  The only thing this card doesn't give you that the more expensive card do is the 3d sound effects when playing video games, and true Dolby 5.1 for DVD playback.  However, I doubt many people are setup for this situation, and many people do not watch DVD's or play games.  If this is you, this card is perfect for you.  If you are a gamer then this card will work perfectly fine.  I personally find the 3d effects annoying, and prefer to play on a card like this.  I highly recomend this card.


2064	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
9537	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the price! Just as it should be.  Replacement Label tape is very expensive bought in office stores.  I label a lot and need to replace my tape at a price that is not prohibitive.

8225	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This litte hub is cheap, small and reliable.  I was satisfied with the  first one I bought, so I bought another.
9668	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fit and worked
For people that can't get it to play, try fast forward then reverse then play.
3515	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This worked flawlessly in my smartphone and digital camera. Not much more to be said. As advertised.
4237	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use with my Verizon LG Chocolate (VX8550). I put the card in, formatted it and it works great. I have lots of storage for my pictures and music. I use the SD adapter in my laptop to transfer files onto it. No complaints, works as expected. Just be careful with it as it's about the size of my thumbnail.
EDIT: After further consideration I came back to edit my two star review.  I wish I could give it zero stars.  If, I say IF, you are considering buying this consider two things: 1) all the "great" reviews are eight years old and 2) there is a reason this item, eight years ago, sold for $20+ and now it's selling for $3.  This is one of those many things that Amazon (and sellers everywhere) just need to put into a land-fill somewhere and wave good-bye to it.

8118	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	You can't beat the price, but if I were to buy one in the future, I would get a 10 or 15ft. I bought it for my bedroom and 7ft is pretty short to reach everywhere I want.
1488	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	First off, I want to start out by saying that I love my Nook. My friend is an employee of B&N so he was there to help guide me along in my selection and answer any questions I had. So, yes, I did have a little bias to the product to begin with. However, for what I need, this is perfect in almost every single way. In my review I'll compare the Nook to the Kindle ($139 version) and it's major differences, just so people know what I'm talking about in terms of other products as we go down the list.
6251	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Had to invest in this when I tried to hook up an old 15 pin Joystick to my rebuilt HP Desktop CPU.
For 99% of purposes, 64 megabytes memory is enough (unless  you're a fan of 256 kb encoding). I can almost always fit ten or more songs  on the player, and changing them is easy enough. So don't worry about the  memory size-it's enough.
Very stable, no vibrations, appears very solid, you won't be worried your monitor is going to fall off.
96	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly
373	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertised!
8105	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	At this price its probably a knock off but it shows 100M across so I don't care.  I guess the snagless clips are pretty nice too.


320	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this mount for a 42 Vizio TV I inherited from my in-law to mount in my home office for computer and TV type use. I had a tight space between a desk and window to mount the TV so I wanted something that could move and this fit the bill. I was a little worried about the one stud mounting design but I made sure to find my stud properly in the wall with a stud finder and use a small nail to poke the wall to find the true edges of the board. Once I did that it was some measure to find where it would sit on the wall as far as TV height. Measure twice and drill once. I drilled the holes for the bracket on the wall starting with the top hole and using a level when marking the bottom hole. I put the lag bolt in the top hole first part way and then again used the level when putting the bottom bolt. Before tightening it down all the way I used the level one last time to get it level to my comfort level. Was done the bracket felt solid on the wall. I then mounted the bracket on the TV with fit perfect on the VESA mounts without using the extension arms that came in the kit. The kit was missing one bolt of the M8-15 bolts but luckily the M8-30 bolts fit into the bottom holes of my TV without being too long so I didn't have to contact Amazon about the missing bolt but was a little disappointed about that. Some quick screw driver work on the mount was on with the washers provided. I adjusted the tilt of the mount to face the TV down for my situation and realized I got it backwards once we lifted the TV but that was just an honest eyeball mistake. Some quick turns with the provided allen wrench to adjust the tilt and back on the wall it went. I tighten the one mounting bolt that holds it on and we are good to go. I adjusted the arm to where I wanted the TV and it felt was very solid. The articulating arms were a little stiff without the TV on their but once I put the 35lb TV on it moved fine, done want a loose swing mount. I didn't experience any sagging or off level issues. It is a two person job for heavy TVs to mount them but I did all the mount work on the wall and TV alone and only needed help with lifting the TV on to the wall when ready. Comes with an assortment of mounting bolts for the different TV holes, wrench, and allen wrench. You will need a drill and some drill bits for pilot holes. Good buy and would buy again.
Both pairs, old and new, do a good job of blocking out background noises.
3) Wished the connecting wires were longer (the ones that came with my unit restrict satellite speaker placement to within 5 feet of the sub-woofer)

6996	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This little snowman is just as it looks.  I hang my switchables in the window, changing them out for the different seasons, and really enjoy the sun coming through.  I can't figure out why there are so few on Prime now.  When I started to purchase them almost all were Prime.  Now it's hard to find one that is.  :-(
Anyways, in use the camera is  fantastic.  Initially, I was using the 640X480 resolution setting to save  space, but with the new, larger card, I now use the 1600X1200 setting with  moderate compression for all pictures.  I find that the card can hold about  100 pictures at this resolution.  Once I find a picture I like, I use the  Microsoft Photo Editor software (comes with Office) and reduce the  resolution as appropriate (web pages, etc.).  I store my  "keepers" on CDROM at the higher resolution - you can always  reduce resolution and size.
2951	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	VERY GOOD
If you love working with MINDSTORMS, get this book now...
We opted INSTEAD for PHILLIPS O'NEILL SHO9561/28.  These are extremely comfortable around your head, noise-reducing, fab sound.
3928	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelente
631	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this mount for use in our Motorhome.  It installed easily, and holds our new LCD TV securely while on the road.  My wife is very pleased!
8864	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works good
1169	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because my older nook battery is slowing down, and I love the nook.  You cannot easily buy a new battery, but I could
- the lighting is even along the screen where you are actually reading, yes there is a light at the top of the screen but it is not distracting, less so than a clip on light by far.
about 5 times, always spelled wrong.
3708	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If your like me and you bought this for your Go Pro don't be put off that the package says for Cell Phone. It's the correct one and it works great. Seller and Amazon were great explaining this confusing point to us.... Not sure why my Go_Pro didn't come with this to start but that's a topic for them I guess
6131	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as good as any cable you can buy in your local store, just at a much cheaper price.
8678	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My kids -- 5 and 8 -- seem to have trouble using the PTT button on the radio without messing up other buttons so this remote mic-speaker eliminates that.  Also nice to be able to clip this to shirt or jacket and keep the radio safe away in other pocket which will come in handy for ski season.  At $20 however I thought it a bit pricey but it's motorola and appears well-made.
7171	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Product with fast Delivery.
8078	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great, the snagless head is good when you are pulling through areas so you don't snap the clip off the end.
8750	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hey, this is by far the biggest step up in portable tube-vision that will ever happen.  Great picture and sound quality comes from the 2 speakers.  The only thing that you might want to think about here is the battery life!  This was a major frustration in trying to watch any movie more than 2  hours long since the battery life is approximately two hours.  This was  pretty good however, and the battery life doesn't hurt the rating for me  since I got the power adapter!
4728	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This stuff did the trick to get an old VCR working again. Recommended.
My traditional brush is good on retaining the basting sauce, unfortunately it is also good on keeping the marinating sauce deep within the brush itself. So, although it seems that it gets a lot of sauce, it also does not want to let it go when it is time for clean-up. This silicone brush is better than the round brush type of silicone brushes; it has grooves which help retain liquid in it. It is made of three tiers or rows. Looks sturdy and well built. Heat resistant up to 500 deg F. The handle is also made of slip proof silicone rubber. Feels heavy and...heavy duty. But...the handle is much heavier than the brush head, meaning you cannot use a small light bowl and let the baster sit on the edge. It will tip it over. Either you lay it down flat on a surface or use a heavy bowl. Also, it does not have a hook on the side where you can hang it at the side of a pan or a bowl.
9727	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect.
3621	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its great!
I am not someone who has had problems  with my wrists, but I do notice that it is just more comfortable.
5077	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used this radio for over a year, almost every morning for 30 minutes, and I have only replaced the batteries once.  Great sound, easy to use.  It is a Sony, what else do I say?

From there, I started reading my eBooks. The Nook device faded into the background, as a good eReader should; never in the way of enjoying my eBook.
4825	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product really works very well!
7630	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	At first glance this device is very deceptive.  No fancy color display; just a few little buttons.  A closer look still deceives:  No map capabilities, no external antenna hook-up; and without the batteries inside, it's almost as light as a feather.
4463	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was out of town for a month and needed a pair of headphones for walking.  I did not want to spend too much money for temporary headphones.  I went to the nearest Walmart and bought these headphones because they cost only 5 dollars and I trusted the Maxell brand name.  I was really shocked how good they sounded.  The sound was very clean and satisfying.  Of course they were a little shy on bass but for 5 bucks they served my purpose quite well.
8148	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These are well made cables with good features such as the molded guard for the release lever to keep it from catching when the cable is pulled back out of an  installation.
8938	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This cable says BELKIN on the box, but the protective sheathing is of a poor quality.  50 feet is a long length, and if the quality is poor, you can expect crimping, snaging, twisting, and a mangled mess.  I bought this cable anyway.  I used the cable for three weeks.  I removed the cable after three weeks.  JUNK AFTER THREE WEEKS.
What I found most  useful was the manner in which each featured action was accompanied by a numbered illustration.  Basically when trying to use a new feature you only have to be able to read the numbered sentence and then find the corresponding number on the adjacent illustration.
4739	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	One of my dvd players had problems reading dvd's and this cleaned the lens and now works fine,
1579	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I have changed my review of this product from 5 stars to 0 stars. I was in love with this thing at one point in time. However, it has a horrible defect that I just cannot live with. If you sideload your books (add your own books to a memory card instead of purchasing from Barnes and Noble), everytime you turn the device completely off and on (like in the event of it freezing, like mine's has done more than once) all of your shelves (like collections on Kindle) will erase. Disappear, your shelves are empty. It also happens if you disconnect your Nook from your Macbook the wrong way.
8292	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this in 2004 and it going great. 16x50 is on the higher end and I would recommend a smaller one because slight shake in the hand makes the objet move a lot, otherwise eit is good.
8344	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just recieved my set Altec Lansing ACS 48's after about three days.  I just have to say first off that these speakers are totally worth the money.  Before I bought these speakers, I used a pair of 30 dollar no name  speakers.  I truly did not think that there would be that much of a  difference, but it has become quite obvious that there definitely is.  This  unit provides so much bass that my room shakes with each thump.  Also, the  mid and high range is excellence, since I hear things in songs I never  heard before.
===
I like how the Mount fits together, and I easily mounted my 60lbs TV by myself.  The part that attaches to the TV has a hook that will hold the TV on the Arm till you bolt it on.
6172	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	these are nice.  but i did notice that when i extend my phone charger, it appears to lose some AMPs because the phone charges slower now.
422	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this on Amazon for 1/4th of the price in the stores. It has been used to mount both a 40 inch and a 32 inch TV with no issues. It is well built, sturdy and I was never worried that the TVs would come crashing to the ground while on this mount. It is easy enough to do with 1 person (and I'm a girl!). One word of caution...DO NOT use the level that comes with it if you actually want it to be level. Oh, and I would recommend buying different bolts that have sturdier heads. I didn't even attempt to use the bolts that came with this unit because of previous experience (with different products) having the bolt heads snap off halfway in the wall; go to the hardware store and spend $2 to get solid bolts...you won't be sorry when the heads don't snap off.




These arrived totally broken.
I was very pleased with this story. I really liked both Tory and Rye. Tory was sweet and smart with a backbone as well. I liked that although she was sweet, that sweetness didn't come across as weak. Rye had his issues but the story showed enough of him under the bluster that you could see he was really a great guy underneath, he just had to see it for himself to realize he had something to offer the right woman. I also really liked his relatives (except his mother), especially his niece and nephew. Overall, this was a really good story with some very likable characters I'd recommend it (especially since it's a freebie). :D

2409	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great.  i like the LED to know that it's plugged in and powered up properly
8268	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Cheap!
1780	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Rye and Tory's story hilights an out of control country western star and a wholesome mid western girl's discovery of each other and then falling in love. Along with that theme goes the lesson of forgiveness. Rye is estranged from his wealthy southern family. Due to his father's sudden illness the family is forced to partially reconcile. His over baring mother controls the family. A good story about love for family and friends.
One thing people might be frustrated by is that you can't just buy a book off Amazon and have it automatically sync over wifi or whispernet like you can with a Kindle. For me, that's not a problem. I rarely buy e-books. Usually, like I said, it's a new novella from a favored author which doesn't happen that frequently. Otherwise it's typically books I got from a humble e-book bundle. Since Amazon wouldn't automatically sync those to a kindle even if I had one, I've settled into using calibri to manage my e-book library and transfer over usb to my nook with the proper metadata and in the proper format (calibri can convert anything to anything and keeps the original intact). For those wondering, you CAN buy the kindle version of an e-book on amazon and get it on your nook using calibri fairly easily. There are guides out there that spell it all out, so just google it.
8036	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	There were needed in my computer/TV setup.  They arrived on time.  And they seem sturdy and well made.  Note that they are a full 7-Feet long.
Now you can hear the ooohs and aaahhss!!
2753	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does what it suppose to do!

3180	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Worked fine until I got a Windows 8.1 machine. Totally incompatible.
8997	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Excellent purchase for the price I paid.  Works great sending signal from my computer to outdoor location (approximately 50 feet through a wall with window).  It is a little testy when I first turn it on, often requiring slight adjustments to the tuning to find the proper signal frequency.  Every once in a while I think uncontrollable outside static also causes issues, requiring me to readjust the frequency on the transmitter and receiver.  But once working, I've rarely had to make adjustments--and it plays just fine for hours.


5210	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for years, this is my second one. The first lasted about 2 years, this one's going on 3 years and it's still working fine.
Screen is great from angles, clear and bright.
Another salesman lamented that the Sony doesn't have the Netflix app, which comes with the Nook. Of course, Sony wants you to buy their movies.  Barnes & Noble just wants you to buy their books, which is fine for a Bookaholic like me.  B&N has 2,500,000 titles available, over 1,000,000 free.  Since they have a lot of earlier editions of books, Book Freaks like me can purchase those or get them free.  They even have a Page Perfect series which are facsimiles of beautifully designed books. What you see on your screen is what a reader in 1867 or 2007 saw, brilliantly illustrated and unusually printed books.  You'd pay a fortune for them in their original editions, not $3.99. Many children's classics are in this series, but also adult books, like Butterflies.
3461	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.

For me, it was absolutely idiot-proof.  I didn't even read the instructions.  I was up and running in about 5 minutes.
4141	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Really, it's just a micro usb card, I don't know what else to say, but I need 3 more words.

The touch screen responds well, with just a slight touch, and the Nook has manual page turn strips on both sides (as well as touching the screen on one side or the other) so one can hold the Nook and turn the pages easily using only one hand.
5308	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	what you can't see from the images is that the battery pack to power the noise cancellation is in the middle of the cord, which is just plain stupid and annoying.  you have to stuff the battery pack in your pocket, so if you're taller than 5'7", then every time you reach in to your pocket to grab your ipod or whatever, you run the risk of pulling down the battery pack, which in turn jerks your head down and to the side.  if you leave the battery pack out of your pocket, it's heavy enough that it swings around and hits stuff if you're walking around.  i haven't even put batteries in the battery pack yet so i can't imagine how much heavier it will be with batteries in 'em.  avoid these and look for noise cancellation headphones where the battery is on the actual  headphone.
7520	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fits great under a small desk and plug is flat against the outlet saving more room. On Off switch in front also easily accessable. Fills need for smaller footprint surge arrest.
915	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well & good price.
9695	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I CONFESS, I'M A COMPULSIVE LABELER  OWN TWO BROTHER UNITS THAT TAKE THE M Series TAPES. ONE FOR MY OFFICE AND ONE FOR MY GARAGE WORKSHOP. EVERY DRAWER OF MY ROLL AWAY TOOL BOX IS
9779	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No complaints
2552	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got the product in good shape and is as seen in the photo in good condition and in perfect condition

9617	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works great on our Brother tape machine.
599	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used this for my 47" Samsung. Its fit/feel is great. Easy installation. Appears strong; although I personally spent way too much on the tv to risk leaving it fully outstretched with too little lag bolts for a long time! It is very convenient to be able to move it away from the wall however and I would feel very comfortable tilt or swiveling if needed. The movement is fluid and easily adjustable.
831	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works just fine for LG G4.
7434	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is great. It really fits egornomically on your head and of course its adjustable. The microphone extension is also adjustable. The sound quality is excellent, sounds clear and no loss of quality. The microphone records well too and at low volumes it doesn't pick up those  annoying external sounds recording very clearly. All in all this is a great  deal...
4818	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I used this in my car's 6 CD changer. I ran it a couple times before I heard a difference in my music. Maxell is a good name and I recommend this to clean CD players.
2898	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use.
7372	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have not used any of the tapes as of yet. I'm sure they will be okay. I have used this brand before.
9622	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice to be able to get this from Amazon and not having to go shop for it. Good price and it was what I wanted.
NOTE: the tv will swivel 15 degrees to each side. As in if you were to try to rotate the tv in 360 circle. We took the whole thing down thinking that we installed it crooked but the part that attaches to the back of the tv is meant to be adjusted for this and that is what we had to correct.

3787	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	High quality.  Not one of those cheap, rigid cables you often get in the same price-range.
4737	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked well in my VCR
-no tune knob just up and down buttons,so it's a bit of a pain to band scan. Push push push push push push push. Can tune in 1 KHz steps.
9793	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly!
7916	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Need these for my playstation and laptop.  Excellent.
ARC (audio return channel)
Well, when I saw this collection of three Kong toys (including yet a third Mr. Moose) I went for it. We intended to give him one toy at a time, but he got into the doggy box and pulled out all three and he was in doggy heaven.
I had ordered two, so I would have a backup. It turned out my order was filled by a different seller, and the two cables I got were each 3 feet long. I am contacting that seller to see if they have the 6 foot version. If not, I will ask for a refund upon returning the incorrect items, since I intended to buy the latter.
4770	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Fast shipping and it did the trck
9145	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this is a great cleaner for your DVDs and CDs also. I will order it again as it works so well. A++++++++++++
I put this in ALL my devices before I started to use my music cd's in them, and here is why:
6659	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a gift for our (18 year old) nephew to add length to his iPhone charging cord (his specific request).  When we couldn't find an actual iPhone cord in the length he wanted, I found this extender.  He was actually so happy to open it that he plugged it in right away.  When we saw him next, we were told by his mother that he had called her to his room that same night to show her the range he now had with his iPhone while charging it!  Think we won coolest aunt/uncle award for that night ;).
5200	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Screen small...hard to read while driving.
8388	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	have this for my keyboard piano. love it. good quality.

2691	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works fine for charging my iPad, although it won't charge a Blackberry.  It is compact and seems sturdy enough.  It was a good value.
The MicroSD card worked well for storing his photos and allowed him to readily transfer them to the computer using the included adapter.  So far it has endured the wrath of Hector... he was last here about seven months ago, and it's still working.
9628	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works
7145	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great knife.  It's both VERY sharp and serrated, so it's good at slicing all sorts of things, not just tomatoes.  For example, it's perfect for cutting piled-high baguette section sandwiches, as the sharp serrations allow you to cut through the crusty bread, lettuce, etc cleanly without having to press down hard on the sandwich and squeeze out half the contents! The forked end is often handy for picking up slices and the knife does well in my dishwasher.

overall if you have a smaller TV under 45" it is a 5 star, otherwise 4 stars
1436	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this ebook (16G) for my Kindergarten and elementary children to read books on trips and my old child to check email. It does the jobs well until now. I personally like it very much for its excellent hardware performance. With low price, fast response, and light weight, book size, and Barn and Nobles support, It is the best device for children when you want to have something as an alternative for your computer.
7535	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The parts that glue to the hardware are quite small compared to other brands. It really just takes a few minutes to install and then your hardware is secure from the evildoers who want to steal your RAM.

1608	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Human trafficking and snuff have become pretty popular topics in the last nine years of fiction, it seems to me. And so has China, practically a medieval nation outside its major cities until the turn of the century.
398	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I swear by this!  You can put it any place on the wall and you get a swiveling TV with a very strong mount. I have bought 2 of these so far and will be buying more. Very heavy duty parts, easy to put together , easier with 2 people or 1 strong.
9819	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This Brother P-Touch labeler is what I needed in a pinch for labeling frozen foods.  Small, lightweight and battery operated with a clear, concise operation interface.
9322	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Product !!!
5492	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its a wire. It didn't fall apart, and all the connections are solid. Dont know what else to say about a wire.
2703	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just open, looks great! Looking forward to the pictures I will take
* Not gigabit? Would be nice for all my switch LED's to be the same color (just kidding).
8998	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My husband and I have two of these now and are very satisfied with them. We bought the second one because we were happy with the first one. They are great for parties when our guests are both indoors and outdoors. Farthest we've tried them is about 100 feet from the house, and they work fine. We use the provided power supply and have had no problem. They don't sound like a high-end speaker, but they are adequate. We recommend them to our guests that are surprised at how well they work outside.
3334	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should. No complaint!! Trusty worthy seller!
Al Nance
8487	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	...not very loud, and the sub tends to get boomy. other than that, best sound for the money(still is). perfect "hi-fi" for a student living in a dorm...took it to a friend's home with a portable cd player. my friend laughed at my portable gimmicky stereo at first. they weren't laughing anymore when they heard it playing.
3317	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great
9938	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great to have when going on long distance motorcycle trip and you don't have any phone signal
Publisher: Grand Central Publishing (July 23, 2009), 288 pages.
8524	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
3702	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping great item
4170	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to expand my memory storage on a Samsung T659 phone. It works perfectly, giving me a ton of extra storage for phone-made pics and videos, songs, etc. Will be very handy on my upcoming trip!

Idiot proof identical ends for those who are slightly challenged by electrical engineering.
1464	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this on the 27th of December after hassling with FedEx (to the point where I made them just hold it at a FedEx office) 2 days later I finally have it after (It was attempted for delivery on Friday 1/6) I was pleasently surprised to discover how small this thing is. I've watched a ton of reviews and unboxing a on it and I guess the camera angles made it look wider. It's so tiny it can fit in a larger pocket (Like pajama pockets). I already have 12 books and I actually finished one just now I started reading it at 1:30pm and it's 11:45pm I say not bad the book was 155 pages too. Once I got the hang of it I was very pleased with my purchase and I recommend probably just getting the Nook Simple Touch but coming down to reading it doesn't matter just read people! That's a little rant. So I'll maybe give another in depth review of this in a week. See you soon, thanks for reading my review.
9735	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good but a bit over priced

6748	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Seems to be a high quality cable. I am very satisfied.
No other tablet i know of does this at HD quality.  I use it like a DVR.

425	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
2596	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product works great. Has a blue glow. Fast delivery and a good price for this power supply. Recommended. As a good choice.
First impression is that this is one big, ugly, heavy radio. That impression never goes away, because it is big, ugly, and heavy. The apparent workmanship, fit and finish, looks like it was put together in the dark,  by a developmentally-challeneged monkey, who had lost the instructions. It just looks, frankly, awful. Cheap plastic, poorly made (with all sorts of "color swirls"), with chrome paint. About like the interior of a mid-70's Chevy.
652	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Sturdy and easy to install. It's a little stiff in its movement but it is nicely adjustable and gets the TV out of the way and up against the wall when desired.

2009	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Laminated Reference Card for the Nikon D80 is just what I needed to keep in my photo bag for a "quick" reminder. If I haven't used the camera for some time I tend to forget settings for special situations such as a shaded area or other unique situation. The card is well made and the lamination should help it to last a long time.
2407	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
So, I got a nice 6 months, and definitely love the display, but I am done with it.  Given all the other problems that have been reported here on this monitor, I'm not going to put effort into repairing or replacing it.  I'll just learn from experience and move on.
2517	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	They are nothing special for sure, but it's nice that you can tell when it is powered up by the led that glows in it.  able to charge two phones at once in the car which is nice.
7664	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	so far doing it's job


There's a better, similar-looking device from Scosche that I bought when these failed.  It's much more rugged--more powerful, also--and it won't fall apart in your hand when to try to unplug a cable.

The biggest wart I have had to live with is that while I live in a pretty civilized and tech savvy area, Santa Clara Valley, I also live in the crotch of foothills and at the bottom of said holler.
8306	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I read other review, and decided to give it a try. As soon as I recieve it in the mail, and opened the box, I realized this was a mistake. CHEAP quality Binocular with "high power" being a selling point. It came in already broken with two eye ruber pieces falling apart. you can see how the cheap glue was being used to put it in place! It is extremly heavy to hold in hands for more than one minute for nature observation. You will be CONSTANTLY ajdusting the focus. Your fingers bumps with focus bar while you are holding it. Indeed Strap, Case, Lense protectors are all cheap crap, and annoying to have it all ON~! I am taking this back, and buying MADE IN JAPAN "NIKON EAGLE VIEW" 100 times BETTER. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR~!!!!!!
5450	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Choose this product from a reputable mfg. to try and extend my computer reach before making a permanent installation in my home.
1060	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I've had the card for a couple months it formatted in my tablet and I could write to it but it screwed up the sleep button, every time the screen went black the tablet turned off, when i replaced it with a 32gb card everything went back to working fine. Tried putting the 64 gb card in my Galaxy SIII, it formats and the phone recognizes the memory but I can write anything to it, it starts but then slows down and stops before it finishes. I can't format the card with windows 7 at all. The card is useless, i'm contacting SanDisk now to see if it's a problem with the batch but I'm probably just screwed.
Read the packaging (tiny print) as they have a really gracious warranty listed on it. Just in case, I held onto that and the paperwork.
7924	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The plugin lock mechanism is not tight enough to lock in place.  It is as good as a cable otherwise.
I tried to install anyway but at the "Select A Print Server" screen it never sees or finds the Print Server.  Not giving up.
I was pleased to see this radio is still available for sale. I looked at a few others but nothing matched, in my opinion, this one.
6720	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	muy bueno gracias
1245	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I tried to leave this review at barnesandnoble.com, but they never posted it. Oh well.
6353	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	No good - they used to be of good quality- now they are not doing a good job-  I am glad they are discontinued.
7825	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Not particularly useful...bought it years back..not even sure why I bought it
7233	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good job
4000	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great pricing.
Where the Kindle shines - is in offering features such as X-ray and the the lower costs and greater # title offerings on Amazon.  However - the Kindle's features are too often buried - and you do have to search for them - including for the light.  On the NST - you can turn on the light function simply by holding the home button on the front of the device for 2 seconds, a good feature for when you are reaching for your NST in the dark.  You cannot do this on the Kindle -
8707	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are great!  but like most tapes - they will not last forever.
9196	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you're looking for a DVD player that visually delivers... the Sony 550D should be at the top of your list!  In a single word... WOW!  Vivid colors leap off the screen, shadows appeared as shadows and not dancing black  pools of fast moving artifacts.  Lip Sync problems... not with this  particular machine!  All the lip sync problems must have been ironed out  with earlier versions of the player, as this one hasn't had a problem yet!  The only area that the 550D doesn't do so well in is in CD play back.  The  Toshiba 3109 with HDCD capabilities outshines the Sony, but if you're  looking for outstanding CD playback, why look at these DVD players?  Get a  dedicated CD player from manufactures such as Meridian, Wadia or Cary?  If  you want the best in VIDEO, then look no further and pick up the Sony 550D.
4361	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	what more can you want it works good size what more can you need and also great price for what you get
4101	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a good Flash Memory card. It works for what I needed it for and is a good value compared to anything available locally. It was nice that it come with an adapter. It doesn't come with a case like they used to.
There's also a nice indentation on the back, with the nook upside down "U" (or is it omega?) symbol right over the top of the back where my nook simple touch edition's master button is..the leather is slightly a little indentated there too so you can reach around and push right on that spot and through to the button on the nook itself.
---
6396	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We bought a VCR for nostalgic reasons.  We, like everyone else, got rid of our VCR back when we made the transition to DVD, but in the last couple years we longed for a bit of nostalgia, so we bought a VCR, some tapes and these blank tapes to re-experience what it was like watching VHS as kids. These are good tapes. They play well.
8055	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality cable for a good price. I bought this for my desktop computer and they work great. The clip is not flimsy like most cables.
Both the Kindle and Nook have clear displays, but overall, I would say that the Kindle's display seems to have better resolution. The Kindle also beats the Nook on battery life (as you'll notice that the Nooks battery life seems to last about a week, whereas the Kindle about a month, this is due to the draining power of the Nook's light-up touch screen menu). People may also prefer the button keyboard operation of the Kindle over the Nooks sometimes annoyingly sensitive or not-sensitive-enough touch screen. The Kindle is also thinner and lighter than the Nook. Both have mp3 features though, which helps them. It's always great to be able to read to your favorite music.
4726	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Worked great cleaned the macine good

8846	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	First Impressions (5/5):

I will recall a phrase in a movie, it came to a certain point when I had to decide between style and substance...

2495	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great product  at a great price.
[December 2003]

8420	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For the price, what could I have found better?! These headphones are great. I've had them for a couple weeks. They're a snug fit, with plenty of cord length. The sound quality is good. The headphones are sturdy. They were a good purchase. I use them to practice on my yamaha piano.
5004	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It fits in a VCR and shuts it off. Doesn't do anything but jam the VCR and I had to power on and off just to eject this worthless thing.
7162	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	When HP didn't include the correct USB cable to my new printer, I shopped at Amazon and found what I needed for a reasonable price. It worked and for a great deal. I recommend it.

Sam.

3104	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Wouldn't buy this again.  I never really used the product because it didn't fit the phone that well with the phone case on.
The external parallel port ZIP drive was the first in a series of ZIP format hardware for windows PCs starting with Windows 3.1 - As a matter of fact, I am sure I installed this drive under  Windows 3.11 without any problems.  Operating like a highly modified 3.5 floppy disk, the 100MB Drive will read and write to 100MB disk.  In addition to the hardware, this external drive should come with additional software so that it could be used with most contemporary OSs (from DOS 6.22 and up) with a both a formal installation of drivers and a simple detection application that will allow you to use the drive without having to install any drivers.  In either case, the drivers create the complex interface to get the most of our of your drive, most importantly provide the read/write protection because like most USB drives, a ZIP disk has no physical means to prevent your data from being accessed and changed.
Please make sure the tape deck has clean heads or the great recording tape will not make a difference and you will get results that sound muddy.
1184	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This turned out to be a demo unit from Barnes and Noble and would only work in demo mode.  Useless as a reader.
(I was given a copy of this book to review by Bethany House Publishers)
8098	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping on this in combo with Trendnet 5 port Greennet Switch.  Plugged everything right in and powered up with no problems.  Been working great for over a month now.
2912	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is what I expected at a good value.
1779	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This book kept my attention.  Rye is a troubled soul who rediscovers the meaning of love and family.  Rory is a special kid-- super observant, smart with a lot of love for his family --especially his little sister and Tory.  I enjoyed this book.
2506	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Good idea for a charger, but this "High Output Dual USB Port Car Charger" couldn't actually charge two devices simultaneously.  Plugging in my iPod and phone at the same time would actually discharge my phone (even when I didn't use it).  I found that it would draw current from my phone to power the iPod.
I would definitely recommend this cable.
P.S.  oooops! Made an error above.  I said 8 hrs. at SP. Of course, we all know SP is the fastest. LP or SLP - whichever your VCR has as slowest is what I meant. Fast speed recording is considered best by some. Pause at SP gives a jerky picture. At SLP you can pause and get a quite steady look at a particular shot, and the overall clarity and quality of the recording I consider quite OK.

3514	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My phone ran out of memory. So I bought this card to store my phone stuff. I love it. I haven't even made a dent in the memory on this card. I would recommend.
BOTTOM LINE: This is the radio for people, and only for those people, who want the best available sound from a table/portable radio. Dontcha all be lookin' for clocks and alarms and doodads on this sweet thing, now. It's ugly, downright fugly, with iffy build and questionable design. But once tuned in, the glory of the sonics will be a reminder of a little money very well spent indeed.
5) CONCLUSION - This is a no brainer. I have another 32" that needs mounted. I think as soon as I click publish for this review I will be ordering another one. If you find yourself reading reviews on TV mounts and you have found this one your search is over, just click buy already.
6757	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Handy disc cleaning wipes
Will have to find another solution.
1110	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to upgrade the memory in my laptop.  Installed it and it just works.
There is no exepction with these.  When I tried playing my keyboard through them, they sounded way worse than any headphones or ear buds I had ever used with it.
The FM section is no slouch, either. Mine picks up a distant high-school station without even extending the antenna. And, the Superadio is also one of only two radios I've ever been able to use at home (near a busy tower) with no front end overload problems at all. (The other radio is a discontinued model that cost 2.5 times as much--in 1970 dollars--as the Superadio does now.)
And I still have a lot of space left
7631	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Excellent GPS unit. Rugged, water resistant, heavy durable feel.

It just didn't work very well for me so I took it to a place that repairs audio equipment and they said that the parts were no longer available so he just cleaned and adjusted the head and said that I should start looking for a replacement. When I got it back, it was just about the same as when I brought it in.. so I'm not sure that anything will help it in my case...
7032	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The product is great and handy if your are trying to extend the cable of your usb devices. Good Built Quality and easy to use. Fast shipping as usual from Amazon
All experience levels will get a lot of good information from the 325 page book. Highly recommended.
9176	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very well made unit.  Great sound.  Connects via USB cable to PC. Battery life is so-so.  Good support from manufacturer.  You can get firmware updates easily at their website.  Comes with a "card", not a manual.  But there is a good manual, and a printable version, at the RIO website.  Provided headphones stink.  You can get a NICE leather case from the Sonicblue website store.  64mb stores a lot of music.  I added 64mb card, which are coming down nicely in price.  I have two RIO500's, one for music, and one for my audio books.  Decent headphone volume. Display with latest firmware is sometimes hard to read.  If you pull the USB plug during download, or if download is interrupted, the RIO will lock up, good.  BUT, Sonicblue tech support website does have program you can download for free that will fix it (usually).  This happened to me, and the program worked fine!
Goodness #3: Books with Videos/Sound
6858	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good connectors. Cable was as advertised but the wire used seems to be a bit thin. Would have preferred a bit beefier cable.
4163	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a Casio Exilim EX-G1 12.1 MP Slim-line Endurance Digital Camera with 3x Optical Zoom, the red is nice. It didn't come with a memory card, and was a bit worried about buying one, as it appeared that I needed a much smaller card than for my old Casio camera. I found this memory card on Amazon, when it arrived, I was amazed at how tiny the card was, it fitted right into the tiny slot, I cannot wait to use it when I go on vacation.
1774	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It was okay. It came up in a search for Christian fiction - nothing Christian about it though.
3291	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No complaints, works as advertised.
9985	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I own one, nice radio. Thinking of adding on another one.
8296	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I've had these binoculars for almost 6 years. They've been OK, not great but for $50, you don't get the same quality as $400. They've never been dropped or even knocked over. Now, they've just stopped focusing. I *might* use these things for a few minutes every 3-4 weeks. Maybe. I'm pretty disappointed. I won't by a Bushnell product again. And I wouldn't recommend them to anyone either.
9753	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
For whatever reason, it died and I was forced to look for another 2 slot design - I haven't found one in my price range yet.
4086	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
Overall:
I think the color screen matters if you want to read a lot of magazines, or textbooks, or kids' books, none of which I'll be doing. Nook Color also stores more books (6000) and allows the reader to send updates to Facebook and Twitter directly from the eReader. Personally, I didn't find any of these extra features particularly appealing, so I'm happily sticking with the original Nook.
The only minor criticism that I have is the placement of the dvi-d port in the back and it's really a problem of my own doing. I bought a real heavy and stiff DVI-D cable which is not very flexible, so getting the cable on and off was a pain. But with every other normal DVI-D cable that's not an issue.  I run an older model video card (nvidea geoforce GTX 460 and it works fine with this monitor. Of course if you're considering a 2560x1600 monitor you probably already own a video card that supports that resolution.
6515	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was a good value, a genuine Belkin cable, in Pink.  Well worth the price, and a color not easily found in local stores.

608	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I consider myself to be a good DIYer. I've installed mounts for my 2 Samsung 46" and 55" LED TVs with no problems for 5 years. So, for this VideSecu mount, inspite of poor installation instructions, I carfeully measured all domensions to fit my new 32" Samsung LED SmartTV in a limited kitchen space. My mistake was, based on the diagrams, I assumed that the length of both the swinging arms of the mount (the single and the double arms) were of the same length. What a disaster! After installing the mount when I mounted the TV and folded the arms the TV did not center itself to the wall side of the mount! It was then that I noticed the inner length of the 2 arms is about 4" longer than the outer single arm. In other words once the arms on the mount were fully folded in towards the wall my TV was not centered in the limited space that I had and looked awful. I don't know why the manufacturer did not keep both arms the same length. At least they shd have mentioned it in the instructions.

9848	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just what I needed... came with my new labeler.... good price.  will order again when needed in the future.  kutos
Overall, I think there's no reason to buy a more expensive DVD player -  like cd players, they're one and the same unless you're really descriminate  about quality or features not detectable to an average consumer.
5629	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Pure garbage, got 3 uses out of it before the cleaning brushes laid down, and now it won't even start up in any of my 11 computers or 2 DVD players, sure hope they do right and refund my money as requested
8262	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great

8598	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like it. Use it with my rino 650.

5610	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This are great. They are high quality. Nothing more to say really except that they work. I use it for all the cables on my computer.
5556	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	OK product

2262	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Received broken

3696	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this to view pictures and video from my "point and shoot" camera. The cable is very good for short money, the pictures in HD through the HDMI cable are wonderful.
-BFO for SSB
4813	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I tried to clean CD lens in a Sony music station. It doesn't work. besides of that, this Sony device was no able to read the content of the disc. A totally lost of money!
The step you have to do this at is where the wizard talks about not setting a password unless you are an IT admin. I just skipped this step thinking this was to set the password only but this step and option is where you change the default ip setting to something that will work with your router.
6065	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product.
7123	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	need 4 more!
1530	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My first ereader. Initial impression is quite favorable. Got this as opposed to Kindle since it had a memory card and most of my ereading is pdf files of public domain literature found on web. Web reviews also very favorable as for Kindle. Additionally, the built in reading light was a significant selling point as it extends readability conditions. As to the screen lighting, it is childishly simple - just a row of 8 led lights across the top. Works OK; but, is clearly just top lighting spilling down across screen.
9373	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a good product ..... fresh, just like in the store, only cheaper. I have never had a problem with any cartridges I've bought from Amazon.
2571	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just what you need, I am always having to charge my phone and then find I have another item to charge also.
8113	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am pleased at how well this cable works. I use it to hook up my XBOX to my router in order to get greater speeds for streaming video and it doesn't disappoint.
-no more crazy wires!


In summary- if you  travel a lot get it, but shop around for the best deal.
If you are OK with 6 to 8 hours of battery, go for Nook Color and root it. Refurbished ones costs 150-170$. It is an excellent choice in-between eReaders and Android tablets.
9333	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
2384	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect
not bad for $30-ish

6356	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Only improvement I could imagine is a rubber or plastic shroud around the female end.
982	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed the extra memory for my new Galaxy tablet 10.1.  Local costs were high and this was more reasonable and in stock.  On arrival, plugged it in and have not had an issue since.
the STR has already been rooted, and handily runs Android and a host of goodie apps - but even if you don't want to crack your unit, you'll still enjoy a nice ereader and simple-to-use interface:
1655	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	There are hundreds of detective stories here on Amazon, this is one of the strangest. In Nightfall you follow Jack Nightingale, a smart private investigator that somehow managed to have his soul sold to the devil. Without giving away much, I have to say that Nightfall is a unique story with plenty of action and some nice twists. Its only real downfall is the fact that the story is a little slow at the start. While I normally just try to read ahead, the book doesn't give you a chance since the slow part is an important part of the character building process. However don't worry too much about it, the book picks up and finishes strong. Definitely recommended.
9127	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just used it to clean my DVD player and actually enjoyed the little themed performance as it worked.  Results?  Player seems clearer and happier. LOL
2989	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The External USB DVD/CD worked great after my wife's laptop drive died.  Easy to set-up and away you go.  I highly recommend this product for anyone needing an inexpensive drive that works well.
1065	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My Galaxy S3 immediately recognized this card with no need to format. The speed is more than acceptable and it has worked flawlessly.
Cons:
420	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have 4 TV's all mounted on these.  They are easy to put up and attach to the TV.  They rotate and swing in every direction.  I recommend them all the time.
1853	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	the user guide that comes with mindstorms nxt 2.0 is useless.  this is an excellent and gentle introduction to robot building and programming.
6319	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	What I needed!
9924	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The product arrived in a very short time.  The price was very cheap.  I am extremely satisfied.  I would recommend this company to anyone
4219	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used in 3 different cell phones. All worked great for storing mp3, pics etc...  What else is there to say?
1546	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Have enjoyed my B&N Nook, love the fact that you can increase the lettering (fonts) and the glow light is great for reading in the sun or at night.  Use it with my Wi-Fi...
5586	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product, would highly recommend.
6495	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The merchant got this CAT 5e cable to me quickly.  It's well built, doesn't kink, and I like blue.  Great.
5235	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I'm looking for an upgrade from my older GE that is very close to this one. What is the difference between the RCA RP7887 AM/FM Super Portable Radio and the RCA 7-2887 Superadio III Portable AM/FM Radio? From what I can see there is no diference but maybe someone can let me know. The unit I bought had the AM and FM numbers for turning were way off. Like the 680AM station was around the 800AM or the 910AM station was between 1000AM and 1200AM. That should have been corrected while it was being made.
Battery life when it is unplugged isn't great. However, since I use it plugged in in the cab 95% of the time, it doesn't create too much of a problem.
7012	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	purchased as an extension cable so I could tether my dslr to my laptop.  build quality is great, works flawlessly.  not too much to say except does what it needs to, and i see it as a quality buy.
9534	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fits my Brother P-Touch just great and prints nice.
9076	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	happy to use.
1965	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	bought this for someone that loves to read at night. It was perfect. I also bought a AAA battery charger with rechargeable batteries. Batteries last about 9 hours. Worth the purchase. It is very tiny!


So, my advice is, if you are looking for real protection for your investment, just get one of these. There is no need to spend more on a titanium box from rhino skin or any of the others (unless you are planning on using the Palm for mountain climbing or on the shooting range...).
8652	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Let me first state that I purchased this card from another vendor. But that doesn't negate this review in the least.  Anyone interested in the fastest multimedia card today should definitely check out the Voodoo3 3500.  Not only is the card faster than two Voodoo2s in Direct3D, OpenGL, and  Glide but it comes with a TV/FM tuner that has stereo dbx support.  You can  also encode MPEG-2 video and edit video and audio files.  The card ships  with an adapter cable that splits into two connectors.  The first is a VGA  connector for your monitor and the second is a pod that contains inputs and  outputs for S-video, composite video, and audio.  The cable then attaches  to the cards's connector.

To test the status of a used ZIP disk. 1) Right click on the drive, select `Properties'. 2) Select the Iomega tab (after support was installed). 3) Select `Diagnostics', then `Close' after the green light. 4) Select `More Info' on the `Disk Type' Note the `Disk Life Status' and the `Format Life Status'. Percentages lower than about 85% are not good. 5) A `Long Format' can improve the Life Status statistics.
5677	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Over the course of the last few months my CD player had gone from the occasional skip to eventually not being able to play a CD at all. 5 minutes after my package arrived with this CD cleaner in it and I was playing CDs again. I can also play CDRs now, something my stereo hasn't been able to do for six months.

The display doesn't have a map--no unit in this pricerange has a map feature--but I find I don't miss it. It does display your track, which I've used pretty successfully as a sketchy "map". The GPS 12 has more track and waypoint memory than the ETrex.
1951	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great book light... it says mighty bright and it means it but it gives off nice even light easily lights book pages without having to adjust or move around.
4106	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelente
8209	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have 3 of these nic's running here at home and I also have a 10/100 4-port hub from Netgear. It was so simple to install. I tried another brand  nic first and could not get my computer to boot up on them. I took them  back and got Netgear FA-310TX. Plugged them in and it worked the first  time. I don't know about you, but I hate "hard to install  hardware" A great buy at Amazon... !  I need one more so I am buying  it here. Thank's Amazon
832	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As described

I thought that Elephant Run was a great book.  It was very suspenseful and it held my attention all the way through. I think that anyone would enjoy this book, especially people who are interested in learning about World War II.
Goodness #2: the Reading Aspect
Helpful hint: I have help install at least 6 other wall mounts because of family or friends so I cannot say that I am an expert but my suggestion is to drill pilot holes which the instructions do not tell you to do.
8809	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	this product works fine and does what it says it is suppose to.  have worked well for over a 3 months in a business setting we use them 4-5 days a week.  would buy again.
5765	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used to clean  my CD player in the factory BOSE stereo in my 2004 Corvette WORKED better than expected. The reason I said better than  expected is I had already tried 3 other brands/types of cd player cleaners NONE of them worked. The Allsop CD-drive cleaner worked and I recommend before you buy any other cleaner you try this one. You won't be disappointed.
8575	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	When using this cable, the image on the screen is so fuzzy as to be unusable for anything but watching instant-view (low-res) NetFlix movies from several feet away. For normal computer use, it'll give you a headache after just a few minute's use. I would not recommend this cable to a friend.
8786	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The sound is so distorted that it takes excessive amounts of concentration to make out what someone is saying.  There's not that much to say other than to say that is is just a downright terrible quality product that is of no use at all.
Cons:

3042	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not a bad device, for the price. It does have a cheap feel to it, but it works fine. It's definitely slower than most I've used. I use it with my MacBook Air on the few occasions that I need to access a CD or DVD. The discs I've burned have worked well in other machines.
The only glitch that I encountered was with setting up printers and installing print drivers. NetGear's installation software failed here, but I blame Windows 2000/Windows 95 and printer drivers' distributions for this.
1419	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Brand new condition. Fast shipping. this tablet is the best deal on a 9" size that you can get. Way better than what the same size cost in my last husband.
4415	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
8220	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My internal LAN has grown as my roommates need more connections, I need more connections, LAN parties, etc.  This little hub is perfect when I need more jacks.
4395	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	as described and functioned as expected, even when mashed in closed door
4994	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Glad I bought the wet tape as well, I have to run the wet, wait a while then run the dry for either to work.
4448	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	All arrived unbroken. Amazing. The reason I need them is because such an event is so rare.
With interchangable lenses, the camera can cover a wide range of angles.
2100	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This thing is BRIGHT! It has such a long range that i don't even need to turn on my light when i read at night. I am VERY glad i bought this instead of the junk at walmart
  You might think that you will get some pretty great sound from a 6" "woofer" and a about a 3/4" "tweeter. But no - the sound quality, overall, it not very good at all. It always sounds "tinny" and while it's plenty good enough for AM voice it's really not much better on FM.
9336	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my label maker
5911	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well and fast. Only takes a minute per CD slot. It you have multiple slots, remove all the CDs, then clean each in order.
* No physical keyboard and low affinity of touch screen to oil
3598	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As described, oem samsung cable. Arrived promptly in suitable packaging.
2448	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong for the price
So, I finally plugged it in and the tablet immediately recognized it and charged.  I honestly do not see any other difference.  If it came in an original Nook box, I would definitely proclaim it to be original.  Maybe it was from a company that bought them in bulk (it definitely looked brand new) and resold it, or maybe it was from the same China factory who manufactured them for B&N and decided to sell units outside their agreement.  Who knows?
3245	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice add on for those who have an iPod Touch.  Not a miracle worker but provides microphone capability.
8685	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for the Motorola MS350R 35-Mile Talkabout Waterproof 2-Way Radios the mic comes in handy if you keep the radios on you hip.
7512	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great

2204	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This book light works very well for nighttime use when reading during a blacklight, under your covers, camping, traveling in the car, or any other dark scenario. The batteries are easy to find, the LEDs are quite bright, and the clip fastens right onto the last few pages of your book (or anywhere you want to clip it). Plus the flexible neck is great for getting the right angle on each page.
6047	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works as described, good quality

After using the product I see how much better the VCR perform
3206	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works!
3484	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Definitely met my expectations.

All in all, this is a fantastic product, and I am very pleased with it.
7984	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It came on time and the cable works.
2252	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	<div id="video-block-R34NSG28RDSXX" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91J8WKi4Z3S.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/915LBPfDXTS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;After searching around for a non-bluetooth hands free device for my Skype and Gotomeeting calls (I work from home), I settled on this. I wanted to avoid bluetooth devices since their mute buttons were not reliable if not attached to phones.  My setup is audio device -> laptop -> skype or gotomeeting.
1783	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	5 stars!
9890	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	M tape for Brother P-Touch.  Not much to say other than it loaded right into our P-touch Home & Hobby model PT-65 labeler.  Prints fine.
5752	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to help clean a 2008 MacBook Pro cd/DVD drive that was completely non useable. When a DVD was inserted, it would make a noise and spit it back out. I bought the Allsop DVD drive cleaner cd and stuck it in there. The first time it spit it out. The second it last a couple seconds and spit it out but the third time it went through the whole cleaning process. Apple laptop drives somehow are very sensitive and need cleaning. This is a must for any apple laptop owner. Also cleaned all my DVD players.
4345	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Already coming apart at the micro USB end. Skip this one not even worth the affordable price it has.  Already worthless.. Disappointed with this one.

2499	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Kinda cheap. But you get what you pay for.
Despite a feeling of "bigness" or sprawl, the environment of the story is remarkably small. The idea of circularity (that is, of going around in circles) is a recurring theme, for the long-suffering illegal immigrant Ding Ming in particular: no matter where he goes, or how beat-up he gets trying to get there, he always seems to end up right back where he started. But for him, that's eventually a good thing.
Highly recommend this one, as it is very versatile with the USB port.
3256	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my Nokia Lumia Windows Phone and have not encountered any problems with it.  It works great for what I need.
2588	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this a little skeptical. After I tried it I bought two more. It works great and so far it has lasted for about 3 months. If that changes I will update this review.
1858	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Sometimes you get more than you pay for but not with this. It is cheaply made and had a crack in the plastic when it arrived. It throws very little light and is a waste of money. Amazon has better book lights in the $15 or $20 range. Invest in one of those.
5284	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've tried various other cleaning disks, but none worked as well or as efficiently as this one. The only one you'll need.
5981	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality as usual with Maxell products.

Nicely constructed.
9150	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful! Lovethe way the product cleans the lens of my DVD player.
-Easy to read screen
6415	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a short ethernet cable (only needed it to run between my router and a device practically next to it)
6493	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These work just fine and the price is decent.  Glad they are still available for those of us who use VCRs.
2) Most 4k monitors run at 30hz.  Basically it means that the monitor can only display 30hz.  THIS monitor displays at 60 hz (which is fantastic).  To clarify, essentially hz is pretty much how much fps a monitor can display per second.  Now you can have a 4k monitor but if your graphics card is kicking at 1000 fps, your monitor will only support 30 fps of it (its a dumbed down version of it but hz matter, and you want at least 60, if not more

Now, while it may seem in this paragraph the Kindle has the Nook easily beaten, one must look deeper into finding out why the Nook is a better choice. The reason the nook beats the Kindle is easy - in its navigation, presentation and overall ease of use.

make sure you have a MicroSDHC or SDHC reader
1095	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A convenient product, but not a necessity. Use of these Stylus Pens help to keep greasy fingers off the screen, but don't always work as well as the heat signature of an actual finger triggering tasks on the screen.
8861	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to go in my '05 Subaru Impreza OBS, since I needed a new one to replace one that I bought 10+ years ago. This one totally puts that bag to shame, as lame as that may sound. The elastic top keeps the trash in, and the rolled bottom makes releasing the trash very easy. I appreciate the way that it hangs as well, keeping its top frame from being too cumbersome and taking away any of my valuable space inside my compact car. Great purchase, and for a killer price.


9707	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I don't print much anymore with my P-Touch, but I still use it and this replacement tape, and neither have ever failed me in all the years I've been using them.
9603	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great

We are now switching to the all-new touch-screen nook that just came out. Yay! :)
- use 'shelves' to organize your titles
In summary, NO.  Don't do it.  If you're going to cheap out, go buy the sony's instead.
5560	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	the whole tie Velcro to  it self only at the end of it is there the opposite type of Velcro.
1775	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Loved book
===========================
What needs work: I can load and store books via USB. Considering the number of free texts at gutenberg, feedbooks, and other sites, that's more than convenient. I can only load and store, though. Folders, notes, bookmarks, and all the other niceties (metadata for the geeks out there) aren't accessible from my PC, and have to be managed via the UI I just mentioned.
9989	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this when off-roading with a club I belong to.  It's not going to call the space station but does the trick for my uses.  I love the versatility of the thing too.  I can plug it into my truck or clip on the battery pack and go traipsing through the woods.  It's a nice little gadget.



7250	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	wow... speedy
2986	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great transacation
863	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Still working to this day some two years later.  No complaints.
7108	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
3861	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works great. I bought it for my BlackJack. I forgot it doesn't work on my Card Reader since it is SDHC, but it is easy to transfer stuff onto it through my phone. It works great. I haven't had any problems.
1014	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I put this into my SGS4 and while it worked, the phone occasionally said the card was damaged. I reboot and it's fine. I got tired of this and attempted to reformat it. Not only did it take forever - way longer than it should have, it also stopped half-way through formatting and died. Yup. It's completely dead. Neither my computer nor my phone even see it. It's supposedly a class 10, but it's way slow to transfer files to and from compared to my 32gb class 4 from the same manufacturer.
780	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sandisk is my favorite because of the company having Israeli origins.

2180	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very bright. Bought for use with non-backlighted Kindle.  Works great.
A few things that are important though before you purchase a radio for your bathroom.
6766	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to replace my KOHLER K-10284-G Forte Multifunction Showerhead, which provides such a wide spray as to be bothersome.  This works perfectly and when I easily drilled out the pressure limiter it has become the best ever.
6008	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent construction, easy install, priced just right! Fast delivery! Great addition to my 2nd bathroom. I like keeping things off the bathroom floor. Brush bowl looks easy to clean also.
9737	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great product, very happy. durable. works for child care center
8313	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	i recently purchased a rio pmp300. it's great. i'd like it if it had a little bit more included memory but if it was that important to me i'd have bought the rio 500. i usually listen to mp3s made from my cd's or  downloaded from mp3.com or using napster. i was pleasantly surprised at the  quality of the music on the sampler that came with my rio player. anyone  buying a rio should take the time to listen to some of these songs. (on the  minus side, they don't list the artists, only the song names). all in all a  great player if you are willing to trade lower cost for lower less memory  (actually, a rio 300 with a 99 dollar 32mb upgrade card would be cheaper  (after 50 dollar rebate) than rio 500. additionally, the player is  attractive, well-made and goes forever and a day on a single double A.  great sound and small size are real pluses as well.
6002	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ITEMS WERE RECIEVED ON TIME--ITEMS WERE EXACTLY WHAT I EXPECTED--NO PROBLEMS --WILL ORDER AGAIN WHEN NEEDED
It works really good. The card is really, I never actually seen one before. Its a amazing how far technology has come...
The picture is absolutely fabulous and the  sound quality is just as good.  It's both DTS and Dolby Digital compatible,  so once you get the equipment, it'll be ready for it.  The S-Video,  Component Video, and 2 sets of A/V outputs make it easy to hook up to any  home theater system.  Plus, if you're a true audiophile, it even hase  Coaxial and Optical Digital cable outputs as well.  The on-screen menus are  also very easy to use.  This is a great choice if you're thinking of going  DVD!
4413	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	used to run camera system in wall and it works great.  great buy


2398	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected. Fast shipping!
4011	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Price was great and they were perfect sizes i needed...
6239	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I'm glad I can still find VHS tapes.  I wish I could still buy a  VCR with a tuner included.  I know there is a good demand for VCRs and some enterprising company or individual could create a substantial business selling new machines and refurbished if you are any good at rebuilding and repairing.  I will continue to order these tapes as long as they are available.  I use them in my work every day.

5793	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use with an opposed adapter to monitor a server with an old rack mount terminal. Worked as expected. 5 star because you can fined these.
6446	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It preforms as described.
5406	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are good velcro ties. They are basic (but colorful) solutions.
5799	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the cleaner you want ! I wasn't sure when searching for a cleaner and am glad I choose this one. I have a 99 disk carousel that holds the disks vertically. I wasn't getting sound correctly from it. It's like sometimes the songs would play and you couldn't hear the lead or sometimes you wouldn't hear a rhythm that you knew is supposed to be there. Some CD's skipped. I ran this thru the cleaning cycle twice just to be sure and my cd player is like brand new !!! I used in my 6 disk factory installed cd player in my vehicle and also on my single disk player in my other car. They sound great too. Very happy with this purchase.

1440	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was looking at expensive tablets that were more like mini notebook computers. I already have a high end notebook. I wanted something that was very portable and not combersome to take on trips, go to coffee shops and etc. I wanted the ability to get email, do limited surfing and read books. The Nook works flawlessly and the display is really nice. I have an N protocol router and the Nook is quick on the Net. I read some negative reviews here. They appear to be written by folks who want to take a $200 unit and turn it into a $500 unit with various apps and other applications. Here's a news flash for the naysayers. Go out and buy the $500 unit and quit complaining. If you want to read books, surf and get email, you'll like this unit.
6314	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price and delivery. We cannot often stay up later to watch a favorite show, so we tape it and are able to watch it later. Maxell makes a good product that lasts.
9654	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well.

2) If I buy a reader for one of my kids, they could download books and I wouldn't know until I got a bill (gift cards do not qualify as an active credit card) and B & N has a strict no refund policy on ebooks.
Wow, I bet a lot of convicted criminals wish they had known
5826	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product

7491	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what was expected. High quality feel for plugs, large gauge cable (keep this in mind if you plan on tucking the power cable anywhere, it's about 1/2" and has very little give in it to get around corners).
Yes, it's on the bulky side, not many bells and whistles, but for the price, it's a real champ.  Trying to convince my wife to get another one.  When it was suggested she could use that one for outside; battle won.  Great radio!

-Pretty solid construction.
Hassle free packaging. China made.
7483	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Quality is good it's not cheap junk and the green light works.
367	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great mount used it on my "32 TV and not I can swing it in between two rooms
9472	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed 11
5068	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this because of all the glowing reviews which really baffle me now.
3460	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It took 2 days to charge my tablet to 72 percent. If I keep it plugged up it drains the battery.

8876	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
-  Nice sturdy metal construction instead of plastic.

- screen quality
361	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Returned it.  It doesnt allow you to adjust it in order to center the tv in the space you want.
1211	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	the reason ill take a eInk reader over a kindle eInk reader,  is because the nook has expandable memory (up to 32GB). when you get to the fire and nook color/tab its a different story. the simple touch is light weight and the battery life is amazing. if you just need an eReader with out browsing the web this is perfect. feels great in the hand, the screen size is just right and loading books are very easy. although if you can afford a simple touch with glow i would say get that one for the light.
8158	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say- it's a CAT 5e cable and it works exactly as described- no problems. For people who can't deal with making our own cables- like me.
3265	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The insert directions are easy to follow.  It works without my realizing it is there (which is great)..  It works perfectly in my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1  2014 Edition 16 gig tablet.
BearPup
6255	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I still use a lot of VHS blank tapes and was very happy to find them here. Keep it up.
1523	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect

953	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	san disck 64gb is excellent. the only thing is it actually shows 59gb only. it's very fast in copying and moving files.
5301	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Within a couple of hours of unpacking this radio and without an external antenna, I was able to hear and identify five AM stations that were each over 500 miles away from my home here in Mesa Arizona: 1 in Salt Lake City, 505 miles; 1 in Denver, 577 miles; 2 in San Francisco, 666 miles; and 1 in San Antonio, 831 miles. I should point out that this was in the evening, when radio signals travel best.
[Update 06/14/2014]:  When I stopped for a cup of coffee this morning I left the case on when I used the Isis Wallet App to pay for it.  It worked just fine.
5032	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GREAT MP3 PLAYER. GOES 3x AS LONG OR MORE ON THE  AAA BATTERY THAN MY WIFE'S I-POD VERY CONVENIENT AND EASY LOADING OF MATERIAL. THE BUILT IN RADIO IS A NICE EXTRA
2329	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	does not work


What did I like:
7252	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Can:t bet price on this item !!!! Dennis PA.
4198	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use the Kingston cards in my cameras, gps and fishfinder, they do the job at a fraction of the cost of the more expensive cards. I highly recommend this to anyone requiring a good, reliable and inexpensive card. I should also mention that with the included adapter, the card is usable in both Micro and SD devices.
7832	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great. no problems, good quality
3438	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice! Plug 'n' Play - sweet and a great price!
You get what you pay for. From my point of  view, I would avoid NetGear, Linksys, or any other "Off-Brand"  NIC and consider looking for one more dependable. You may pay a little more  for a 3Com, Intel, and SMC, but they are worth the price. They offer the  consistency and stability every NIC user should demand - Not just a  discount price.

4767	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works fine
Compact, simple to operate, works just fine with my laptop and desktop - especially when burning/ripping a disk from
9481	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	using for ages
5403	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I first got these because I needed just over 80 cents to get free shipping on an order.  In that aspect these little things are great!

By Dias Trading Co.,LTD on May 15, 2016
-I said it includes batteries... it does not.
p.s if you like to read at night, get a book light or use the lamp old school style.
7720	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thank You!
8375	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I recently upgraded my stock Hewlett Packard Pavillion 9895 speakers to the Yamaha YSTMS50W 80-Watt 3-Piece Subwoofer/Satellite Computer Speakers.  First and foremost, let me tell you one thing: wow, and I really mean WOW, what a great set of computer speakers!
1213	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this to replace a Sony PRS-300 that I thought was too heavy and too slow in the page turning.  Yes, the nook is quicker on the page turning and lighter but I am having too much trouble to appreciate faster and lighter.  I am having an infinite amount of trouble getting library books onto the nook - I've yet to succeed and the problems lie with adobe digital editions.  Why aren't nooks plug and play?  That's my first big problem.  I have no problem with my Sony and the library book I wanted is now on my Sony.  The second is that I like to read while I'm eating my lunch - ereader in left hand and fork in right.  It is not easy to change the page on the nook while eating - the bottom right corner is too far from my thumb and the bottom buttons are too high up the side.  The Sony has a set of buttons right in the bottom center, which is perfect placement.  I read the great reviews on the nook and for the price, I thought it was worth a try.  I'm also disappointed with the wifi registration requirement and wifi in general.  I don't need wifi on my ereader but it looks like they're all offering it now.  I also don't appreciate my registration info being used by B&N as permission to start emailing me crap - I am already unsubscribed from that 'service'.  I'm definitely not happy with the nook and I'm going to save up my money to buy another Sony.
3890	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	After just buying a new Canon Power Shot Camera, we wanted the cable that would allow us to view the video clips directly from the camera to our HD TV.  This was the HDMI cable we needed.  The price was far below the Canon cord and this one has worked great for us.  The delivery was much faster than we expected, so we were delighted with that, as well.
9599	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Use it all the time
8197	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I would only not prefer while travelling since really heavy but stong build, solid finish and great space for even 17 inch monitor.
used for my office will recommend to everyone
This is a good gift for someone clueless about electronics that won't know any better about how badly B&N crippled their android operating system and don't understand what a good interface is all about.
4864	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	After I initially had some problems, the seller sent me a replacement tape free of charge via Priority Mail.  (Initial delivery was also more rapid than expected.)  The problems now appear to have been because of some programming inconsistency with one of my VCR recorders. Both tapes are now serving well.
2814	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Superb monitor for a very reasonable price.
The Galaxy Tabs are noted for audio quality and, of course, have some features that can be useful. But the Nook Tablet is mighty fine and a great investment for the price.
The volume and bass/treble knobs on the front are a little too small for outdoor gloved use but that's the only complaint I have.  The antenna is easily replaced if damaged.  It seems to be impervious to light rain and splashes but is not water-resistant.
1887	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The original chargers I had for the Nooks were dying, as in literally falling apart after a couple years. Hopefully these replacement chargers will last just as long, if not longer.
The next step was to get Dazzle to work with my cheap... Mitsubishi VHS player. I was able to get it to work with the S-Video port from my Panasonic DV camcorder, but I couldn't get it to detect the output plugs from the VHS player. Finally after rebooting the machine twice, I got it to work.
7305	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed this cable to connect to a machine at work. It works very well and I am satisfied with it. Typical molded plastic and what I expected.
6511	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed some new VHS tapes and these fit the bill perfectly. They have been working well and I'm very pleased with them. Amazon has really good prices on everything anyway so I knew I would find a really good deal and I did!
9340	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These labeling tapes fits my brother label maker perfectly. Also I found that Amazon had the best price for these labels.
I seen some gripes about them adding Google store.  Not sure how you can complain about ading a whole another facet of apps.  IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT THEN DON'T ADD ANY GOOGLE APPS. Its still a free country.
7371	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	wonderful!

3342	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Just received. Works fine
2106	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I spent hours researching before I bought this light. My son requested a good book light for Christmas. We have had all sorts of book lights in the past, some bad and some horrid. This one turned out to be as good as I had hoped. This little unit puts out alot of light and the clip seems very substantial. The flex neck is a good length and bends smoothly. Some, in the past, have felt 'crackly' when bending like the wires were snapping in the neck, this one doesn't feel like that. The batteries last a long time but just in case I bought the ac adapter too. In fact, I chose this one, in part, because there was an ac adapter available for it.
I use it in my BROTHER model PT-70&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Brother-PT-70-Personal-Handheld-Labeler-with-special-time-date-function/dp/B000L513ZU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Brother PT-70 Personal Handheld Labeler with special time & date function</a>
6584	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Needed a short cord to reduce clutter between my router and a switch.  Wanted a reliable brand name (Belkin) cord with quality connectors.  This one looks well built. Only shortcoming is that it is cat 5e (350 speed) vs cat 6 (500 speed).  Didn't see a 3 foot one in Cat 6 but the price for the Cat 5e was very fair.
Overall I'm very pleased with the purchase and would buy again should I need to mount another small display.

1739	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Has worked perfectly for me so far.
Tonight I put in a CD that had previously skipped or gotten stuck on a part of a song. Will wonders never cease...it played perfectly!
8314	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	for the price this is really cool,  you will need to buy extra memory, but it works with free mp3 players to load. the headphones are ear type so get a real pair, otherwise this worked great
I can definitely recommend this monitor.  As long as you have the right port to hook it up to, it's an outstanding value.
6882	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's a cable, what does one say about a product like this. I wanted one and I now have it
5003	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as described. Cleaned the heads on my vcr/dvd player and the picture quality was better. Very easy to use.
1433	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The NOOK HD+9' exceeded my expectations and is becoming a valued household tool. The only small con is the shorter battery time. the resolution is great. Netflix looks FANTASTIC!  The 9" screen size reminds me of the ipad but at more than half the price. Delivery was well within the prescribed time. I immediately bought a screen protector.
===================

2146	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My only question is how long the battery will last. We're used it about 6 hours now, we'll see if it lasts longer.
6100	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have only used it once and it cleared the skipping problem. It has an interesting method to the way it works by playing a piece of classical music while the lens cleaner cleans the lens.
7831	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Ordered few of these and came in new individual  boxes and all working good.
5704	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I wanted something to clean my dvd this wasn't it

I recommend them.

2612	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	And it is still going strong.
6553	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good value for a LAN cable. Works as intended and the color is a breath of fresh air compared to the dull white or popping blue.

7930	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good
I have thrown this one away ordered a different model from Amazon.
9040	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very useful to get those old DVD / CD players working again
Manufactured and imported by: MAXELL CORPORATION OF AMERICA, New Jersey, U.S.A. / MAXELL CANADA, Concord, ON L4K 2R2; web: maxell.com; Assembled in Indonesia.
7480	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	a 15 ft cord says it all. i live in the country so we have constant outages and surges. i have bought so many of these to protect my expensive equipment and grow lights. recently within the hours of 11 and 3 we had three surges and outages. everything survived it, thanks to my surge protectors. just reset after each surge.
Negatives:
8961	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these Belkin cables. They are very nice quality. They seem heftier than a lot of the other cables. My system analyst neighbor mentioned that he prefers to buy the 1000 foot roll. He runs them to wall outlets, then uses the 7 foot or 14 foot snap in cable from the wall to the PC. That way, you don't have to buy a 40 dollar crimping tool.
7700	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	so far so good
3565	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect storage medium for you GoPro Hero 3 Black edition.  Works with all video modes from 4k 15f and down and all high speed still options.

I bought a second one in the hope the first one was just a fluke, but now after 5 months it too is growing very dim.  I have stretched out it's lifespan by only having one light on at a time, so I hope it will last me more than 6 months. I just have to live with a dim light again.
(3) B+N (and everybody's) E-BOOKS COST THE SAME AS A NEW PAPERBACK, even though the seller didn't incur any cost of printing, shipping, inventory, etc.  But I can get a paperback for 25% off at my local Kroger grocery store for new releases and best sellers, or I can go down to the used book stores and find quite a few titles at 50% (or more) off list.  When everybody in my family has read that book, I can sell it to the used book store for 15% or 25% of list value.  That's a win-win.
9438	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for labeling clothing by size and season (e.g., size 5 winter) and toy bins (dolls, puppets, cars, etc.) and freezer bags.  Haven't had a label come off yet (I've been use the label make for about a year).  Split backing makes taking the back off SOO much easier.  As for wasting the lead tape, I try to print several items together with one or two spaces between the items and then cut at the end--saves a little.

3631	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have it on my gopro hero 3 and have been taking many pictures and video. It hasn't given me problems and eveything is saved and functioning perfectly.
3790	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item was just as expected at a great price. Received in excellent condition, and just as promised.
  The other nice thing is the price here at Amazon on these cables. I went into the local nationally famous office supply, and they were half again as much money. So overall it is a very nice combination. They also don't slow down your connection at all. I get the same exact connection speed when using the online speed tests when I use the 50-foot, or the 7-foot.

7752	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yupp its a patch cable. Can't mess that up.




3320	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great SD card and a must have for all phones but order for you phone and not the SD generic.

167	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This adaptor is real easy to setup and use right out of the box. I had not problem with it at all, it is well worth the purchase. I recommend this adaptor very much for viewing your Nook videos on your HDTV. I just disagree with other reviews on the length of the adaptor, I found it to be fairly adequate as to how and where it is connected to my TV. For me it was just right not too long or too short, I was able to place my Nook right below the connection on the TV stand, it did not fall or anything else, it is fine. Use your own judgement, I'm too busy watching my movies :)

6552	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This does exactly what it is supposed to do and is very easy to set up.  It comes with two plugs.  One goes into an AC outlet near my wifi router and an ethernet cable goes from the wifi router to the plug.  The other end goes into an AC outlet near my home theater system - on the other side of the house.  Another ethernet cable runs from this second plug to my blu-ray player - giving me access to online content through my blu-ray player.
6559	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What more can you ask for?
4444	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? It works just as well as the other brand of tape I purchased at the same time for the VCR used Sunday night at 9:00. Perhaps the other seller didn't have two in stock since I doubt anyone has been breaking down doors to get to VCRs since DVRs made their appearance years ago.  But who knows for sure?
Well-made product. Sturdy. I highly recoomend
4260	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A+
3. Easy-to-use controls for clock, tuning and presets. I didn't even need to consult the manual.

2758	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Amazing book, it's full of battles and action.
6886	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I am disappointed in the quality of these.  They have significantly deteriorated in just a few uses.  I am going to stick with using foil.
  Crudity aside, the radio works exactly as advertised, has brilliant AM reception, will probably run forever on a set of batteries, and is so inexpensive for the performance that you really can't go too wrong.
5111	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm on my second one - had my first one for a year before my sister swiped it and took it back to Alabama with her. I guess she must have liked it a lot too. After about a week without it I had to buy another.  I do not use it in the shower but I do keep it in the bathroom on top of the toilet tank.  Wow is it great.  One push on top and the radio is on. You don't even need to have your glasses on because the button is big.  Push another button and you set a timer for it to go off after 15 or 30 minutes so you don't have to remember to go back in and turn it off. I'm listening to the morning news while I brush my teeth and dry my hair and put makeup on, and I can put it on a classical music station for a soak in the tub after work.  It's not too big, the controls are simple and intuitive, and it looks nice. The battery lasted in the first one for the whole year before my sister took it - it's probably still running at her house on the same battery. I looked at a lot of radios before I found this one - I wanted waterproof, not too big, no cord - there just isn't anything close. Highly recommended if you'd like a radio in the bathroom.

6036	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My professional CD players have always performed well.  They are "broadcast quality" units and it is just not acceptable to have them skip or not read a disc.  One of my players recently began to do just that and I was hoping to just get the lens cleaned with a laser-lens cleaner.  This particular product did the job and so far the unit reads better and does not skip anymore.
purchased this looking for a smaller charger and I love Griffin products.
8746	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my wife, she has the note 3. The case fits nicely allowing you to easily get to all the ports and buttons. 5 outta 5 on this one, AND ITS CHEAP!!!!!!!
The three simple steps detailed on the ""Quick Installation Guide" are simply to: 1) plug one adapter near the location of your modem or router and plug the other adapter near your computer or other Internet-enabled device (e.g. television, wireless access point, gaming console, Roku or video player); 2) connect the adapters to your modem/router and Internet-enabled device using the two supplied 4-foot Ethernet cables, and 3) optionally press the button on the adapters so that the adapters use 128-bit AES encryption for their connections.  Voila!  Configuration is now complete.
83	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Finally we can charge the nook again!


1024	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	wasn't expecting to get this to work at the full amount of memory as the HTC sensation did not say that it would. But it did and I AM VERY HAPPY
I was hoping that this might resolve a problem with the CD changer not working but it did not. Perhaps that was expecting too much but I figured it was worth a try.
I say if u are an audiophile in your car and your iPod is a must everyday, get this Maxell adapter! its the only one i found to work fantastically on a lexus GS300 and a Honda and a Merc and Toyota factory installed players.

My main complaints now are items 2 and 5 above.  Can anybody enlighten me further on these perceived shortcomings?
3635	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product
5243	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good sound, good options. A bit larger than you might think from the picture. Sound is good, as is reception. I have it on the back corner of the desk as background music.
1968	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to illuminate a white board in my bar that isn't near an outlet.  Does the job quite nicely and doesn't go through batteries like I thought it would.
8287	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	got these so I could use them for hunting and other spotting, little bulky, but good distance.  Comes with everything you need.
1290	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	If i had known that the 3g is not good for anything except purchasing books (yes I know it is my fault for not doing more research), I would not have paid more for the 3g version as I don't need the ability to get books anytime anywhere.  The web browser only works on wifi.  Anyway, I really like the Nook. I bought a refurb from one of those daily deal sites for a very good price. I have only had it for about a week so I can't speak for it's reliability but I have loaded lots of free ebooks (what I bought it for) from various sources, some audio books for my kids, and some music.  I like the web browser and the sudoku game.  The only thing I would change if I could is to have an option to combine the "my b&n library" with "my documents" because when you get books from anywhere else besides B&N, it goes to your documents.  I would like to be able to pull up my "mysteries" shelf and be able to see all of my mysteries not just the "documents" set or the "B&N" set.  I think it would make it more user friendly to have that be an option (only an option since some people probably like it the way it is).  It's a bit heavier than I thought it would be but not unmanageable.  I haven't used the library yet but have gotten epub books elsewhere (the epub ability is the reason I chose Nook over Kindle even though there are a lot more free Kindle books).  Overall, yes I would recommend a Nook but I would have gone for the cheaper wifi version had I known that the 3g was useless to me.
5663	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a great set of reusable color codes cable ties for medium to large wires. They are a bit to big for smaller wires and you need to get at least a thumb full of wire to secure them properly(Picture sizing out Spagetti for two people big). If you need it for a few small wires it won't work as well. These are also a bit hard to use inside a computer case because of the excess material. I see the appication for these more like using them to bind togther cords from a home entertainment system, or the mess of cords coming from the back of the computer.
5851	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Honestly not too much to type about a lens cleaner.  I do notice a few 1 out of 5 reviews for this and similar products, because the product did not fix my broken player.  I will not rate it on that criteria alone.  While your player COULD be skipping and misbehaving due to dust on the lens, it could be the laser itself is going bad, or some other mechanical failure.
6043	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Have bought several of these as an addon due the cheap price to connect my various devices to my router and range extender.  No issues.  Wish it came in a black color to match my other electronic decor...if someone finds a cheap black Ethernet cable please throw down a link.
8582	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This literally does nothing...
1279	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	MY WIFE ADORES THIS PRODUCT !!
The onscreen keyboard responds well, and I didn't have trouble entering the fairly lengthy and complex password to our router network even though the keys in portrait mode are a little small.
5870	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Having a toddler and a baby, I like to borrow CDs and DVDs from the public library. However most of the discs are scratched and my macbook pro is unable to read them. So I gave this lens cleaner a shot and it definitely works like a charm in reading the discs now.



The tapes have small pieces of plastic on the narrow top of each cassette which you can punch out easily so that accidental recording over an existing recording is impossible. If you do wish to record over an original recording then you can merely place a small amount of regular tape over the hole. The cassette tape is now ready to record a fresh recording.

  The nook can connect to your computer (as does the Sony). You can also download from other sources other than the dealer.
2876	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very economical
2446	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i love it
6498	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This ethernet patch cable works great. I have no problems with the signal running through it. It seems like a solid, well constructed cable. The cable I got is as specified in the product description.
The activated charcoal has worked pretty well. I'm happy with the results. Some days I still get a faint food smell when hopping in my truck to go home, but it's a huge improvement. Opening the windows for a minute takes care of the rest. I docked it 1 star because of this reason - it's not a perfect be-all-end-all solution, but it's a great help.


4483	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	work well
292	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast, Simple to use and overall a very inexpensive laptop.
4985	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and restored VCR heads to play tapes clear with no distortion. Cleans heads from using old tapes that create tracking problems.
Put a few drops in the drop window and ran it through all [3] of my VCRs ... it fixed the [2] problematic units straight away.
4956	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was transferring 40 old VHS tapes to digital files.  the head cleaner did its job and i had no problems with clogged tape heads.
6454	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sped up my internet connection by simply buying this cord. I had had no idea that the cord itself could make connection slow, and this was a bargain compared to getting a new modem. Snagless, however, means that you'll never again get it wrapped as tightly as it appears in the photo. This thing is fairly stiff and it likes to stay straight. Just another in the coil of snakes on the back of the desk, but it's a very good cord.
7750	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality. Shipped quickly.
* Screen is sharp and easy on the eyes. I actually enjoy reading text on it!
To be sure, it's one of the nicest-looking radios you'll find, but as a shortwave receiver, it lacks a lot:  doesn't tune the whole SW spectrum (why these radios just don't cover the full 1.7- 30 MHz range is beyond me) sensitivity leaves a lot to be desired, and selectivity (ability to separate closely-spaced stations) is in adequate.  Plus, the audio is on the tinny side.  For the $80 or so bucks you will normally pay for this, you can do much better.  Probably Grundig's worst model.
For additional security, it is recommended that you `reset' the passwords on both of the powerline adapters. This is accomplished by simply pressing a button on both units within 2 minutes so that they can `sync' the passwords together. They automatically set a password and just work. This is also how you would add extra powerline adapters to your configuration and pair them.
3740	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect
When you are flying, especially if you fly a lot, small incremental increases in comfort really are worth it. These cost me less than a quarter per flight, have lasted years and are still going strong.
 On the other head, if you check your local electronic shops, OK, they will appear a lot duller than this model, but Sony and Panasonic sell basic CD players at about the same price(with the same or better sound). At least their headphone will never trouble you like my GPX one falling apart within a couple of weeks.
I can't attest to power isolation (didn't need that function), but can say that for the money, this is a good purchase.  It far surpasses what you will commonly find in the local big box outlets, even the specialty stores.
998	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Immediately started loading the card with various data - found the card to be fast and solid.  The card works flawlessly in my Samsung tablet
The look of it is pretty good.  I especially like the glass base with four large solid rubber feet.  It looks like it has the light sensor on it to dynamically adjust the brightness based on ambient light.  That feature doesn't seem to work though.
4019	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very realiable memory... have this since 2010, four years of continuous use. No problems at all.
Update:  Yesterday, I was able to read out of doors by increasing the brightness to appx 90%.  I could not do this with my Acer.  Suggestion:  When reading indoors, lower the brightness level to 25-30%.  I find this noticeably extends the battery charge.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Barnes-Noble-NOOK-HD-Tablet-16GB-Slate-BNTV600-16GB-CPO/dp/B00AGAS6XW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Barnes & Noble NOOK HD+ Tablet 16GB Slate (BNTV600-16GB-CPO)</a>
1127	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had one of these for years now and love it. Got mine for only $39 right around the holidays on sale, so worth it. I have a Nook Color which is great but because of the glare I needed something to take to the beach/pool without any glare issues. This works perfectly just like a real book in the sun, you'll feel as if you are looking at a paper page. I'll get down to the pros/cons.

1386	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	You'll be buying a new battery within 18 months.  Even when my Nook was new it didn't live up to the hi-pa of a long lasting battery charge, now I have to read plugged in. If you go on a camping trip of a few days, take a paper book!!! I've order a new bigger battery we'll see if I can actual get the new battery in without breaking the reader (you have to take the reader a part to change the battery, see YouTube).  B&N doesn't care batteries for their Nooks either, what's up with that!!!!
But they do look nice, and there's plenty of length to handle just about any normal length of cable being wrapped up.
4913	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My son asked me to order him some VHS blank tapes and I chose these.  He said they are GREAT and records fine.
9572	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
Kindle 3G option is attractive for a tablet, but not an eReader.
6868	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for listening to NPR while working on painting and  stenciling projects on our backporch.  I was pleasantly surprised to  discover that it does a good job with music as well as spoken words.  I  also like the fact that it has a solid, metal antenna instead of one of  those thin, whispy wire ones that so interest the feline members of our  household (my husband recently bought a clock radio with one of those  antennas -- after two days it was summarily detached and removed to the  living room for the 2000 Antenna Olympics).  Another nice feature is the  little compartment in back in which you can store the electrical cord.
3391	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, but a little over priced.
9019	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This radio is a great value in a PLL-digitally-tuned radio.  It is being phased out in favor of the Eton/Grundig E100.  These days there has been a trend for analog-tuned radios with digital frequency counters like the Grundig 350 field radio.  While these radios are easy to tune and bandscan, they do not have any memory presets and the tuning drifts after a few hours based on temperature and humidity.  The Grundig YB300PE, on the other hand, is a true digital radio and has 24 memories.  The memories are a boon for FM/AM listeners like me who like to "channel surf" during the long 12-minute commercial breaks on Howard Stern and the Don & Mike show.  The direct frequency input is unheard of at this price, especially for a Grundig.  Granted, this radio is no longer made in Taiwan but mainland China (the box actually says "QUALITY PRODUCT MADE IN CHINA" in big letters, possibly in response to the reviews it gets in the Passport to World Band Radio book).
902	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	what is there to say, you are buying price here and SanDisk is good stuff
4071	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent article came at the indicated time. I am very happy with the item for a reasonable price. Really it is very satisfied and recommend your purchase. Really, the material and design left me happy.
o The documentation is a joke! The  "manual" is two pages long. And no, the product isn't intuitive  so you don't need a manual. Look forward to lots of trial and error as you  learn it yourself.
284	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Title: My MacBook
8426	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price & fast shipping...
4462	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed Headset for watching and editing videos late at night so wife could sleep. Worked just as expected , did not need anything fancy or  with exceptional sound. They are  light and the sound is good enough for video editing on the computer.
* I have several of these deployed in large enterprise environments and they simply rock.
7590	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We have a family of techie nerds.  Techie nerds like a lot of techie toys. Most of the time, while we watch television, some of the family is multi tasking and researching something for work/school on their laptops,  playing games or texting/chatting with friends on their phones. Our house is older and we do not have outlets in convenient places (like the floor) to be able to easily plug in to charge while sitting on our couch.  So, we bought one of these for our coffee table, ran the cord under the couch and covered the cord with a cord protector.  We used to have a electrical strip sitting on the floor and it was a nightmare with people tripping over it, and the dogs laying on it.
6056	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Will order more when needed.  Thanks!
2191	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It could be a bit brighter, but I love this gadget, great for reading in bed without having ceiling or lamp lights on.
OVERALL BOOK - 4.5 Stars

4741	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Took me awhile to find the solvent within the packaging, didn't think to look in the tape itself.
4681	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I drive an old car, without a CD drive. It has a cassette drive, though and I had an additional MP3Player I did not use anymore, so I bought this gadget - and it works! Sound quality is surprisingly good, the basic volume could be a bit higher but otherwiese it produces a clear and rich sound. The only little annoyance is, that now a cable is sticking out of the cassette deck and hangs around the front panel. But eventually I will fix it somewhere, where it is not in the way anymore.
Positives: I plugged it into my computer (a homebuilt desktop with a cheap Nvidia GeForce GTX 650 card, running Ubuntu 14.04 Linux) and it worked in 2560x1600 @ 60 Hz right away, no problems.  A dual-link DVI cable was included with the monitor.  The out-of-the-box monitor setup was good enough that I didn't feel the need to immediately mess with anything.
I have had the one for a month and so far so good.  Did I mention not a single dead or frozen pixel?  4.2 perfect dots.
8732	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There's a reason why this camera is the most popular one on the site - it is all you will ever need in a digital camera, at an unbeatable price! I understood ZERO about digital photography and had it up and running in no  time. Make sure you get the following accessories:
8020	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable was exactly what I needed, and delivered very quickly. No question that you will be happy with the purchase ... if you need a 7' cable.
9527	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	What can be said about label tape. It works with my label maker, the adhesive is long lasting, and the printing only fades in direct sunlight.
3331	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This chip works great in my Galaxy S4 active.  Put it in and load it up.  Lots of room. I've got all my Sinatra albums in there and loads of space left over.
4687	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This has to be one of the best head cleaners I've ever owned. We've been working for a while to digitize old VHS home videos -- many of which are in dire condition. Since the tapes are so dirty the VCR heads have been getting doubly so. We had tried all the normal "DIY" fixes like Qtips and rubbing alcohol/etc and it just wasn't working out. The quality of our transfers got abysmal and then completely dirty.
5773	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good
6576	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm always skeptical of any device claiming to be an easy install. To me, something that's allegedly easy means that I could give this to a non-techie family member and have them install it without a phone call to me for support. So that's exactly what I did - I gave it to my mom to install (in this case, connecting a Blu-ray player to their home network.)
9125	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product, would recommend
2633	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product for the great price. Hold great in cigarette lighter, it turns on nice blue light when is in use.
5143	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have only used it one time and so far I am quite satisfied. Will order again in the future.
Author of the Jefferson Airplane book "Take Me To A Circus Tent"
7336	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality cable. Just what I needed. Now I can move the keyboard out of the way when my cat lies down right in front of me on my desk.
3994	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked well
5748	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Its an Ethernet cable. It works.
I did  a search and these came up. I like their color, their size (fits in cabinet well b/c of straight sides), they are recycled, thick wall/pleasing design, and no lead (as per description, anyway). They have randomly-sized and located, tiny "bubbles" throughout, but are smooth-walled. There are no brand or other manufacturer's markings on them.
9029	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Seems to work well. It has an entertaining screen to enjoy, as you wait while it works. I don't have surround sound, but it'll balance all that for you too.
Tory cooks for the pleasure of it and has a magic touch when creating her culinary masterpieces which please Rye on every level.  Rye says they are friends and no attraction be advised but following his own rules is proving to be harder than expected when Torys kind heart and wonderful ability to listen melts his heart.  Tory is providing Rye with the acceptance that chasing your dreams is not wrong and having her near brings him a calm he never felt before.  The problems start when they go back to Ryes family to settle old wounds and she sees for herself the chaos of living a perfect life.  Rye went against expectations but trying to help his sisters do the same may prove to create a larger divide than even he can bear.  Tory stands by his side and when she begins to warm his heart and bed it seems no problem is too large that they cannot handle together.




Reading magazines.  B&N tells you up front that you have to cancel your emagazine subscriptions and use their web store.  I tried reading PDF versions and online subscriptions through Zinio's website (which supports everything except NOOKs).  There just is no easy way to read multi-column magazine articles on a 7" tablet.  This is too bad because my second reason to get a tablet was to stop carrying around 15 pounds of magazines.  Verdict: FAIL
As I don't care what it looks like, I have even used this in my car. After a $200 cell phone ticket (talking on speaker phone but the phone was IN my hand and my hand was ON the wheel, whatever LAPD :-P)I have used this and with the windows up it does not pick up much back ground noise.
2610	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	chargED iPad , iPad 2,  iPad 3, iPhone 3, 3gs 4s and HTC evo
When NC is turned on, high frequency/treble (music)  gets cut off.
6727	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price on an extension cable

2514	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought a couple of these chargers for use in our company vehicles. One of them was returned to me with a bulging side, and the employee told me it had overheated and stopped working. Not good.
7279	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have lots of Belkin cables, and they have never failed me. The screw down mechanism is well designed, and does not allow the screw to back out (and thus become MIA). Also, because the screw downs are rubberized, they are easier to grip and tighten. I have bought one set of the expensive gold-plated contact cables, but the added cost added nothing to performance.
2050	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My kids love traveling with these book lights!
I use my Kindle to hold my Catholic bible, meditation books and prayer books (and others but primarily for these).
Considerations:
3982	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product has been received as described by the seller. excellent
4843	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
6477	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's gotten so difficult to find VHS anymore and they're expensive when you do.  I'm not a big fan of Maxell but these were affordable and about the only choice out there.  So far they've recorded well, no problems, just wish they were 8 hours instead of 6.
4788	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have a Pioneer CD/DVD player in my truck that has always had difficulty reading MP3 files near the edge (end) of the disc. Cleaning the lens with this disk helped a little. It's still a Pioneer, so it's not great.

1768	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	First in a series of books about a loosely connected group of Country Music artists who have their homes on Dare River. Rye Crenshaw is the newest Country Music superstar buy Rye has problems that diminish his enjoyment of his fame - his family and his mother in particular. Tory Simmons has her own problems starting with a mortgage on her family home; tuition for college and the hospital bills left after her grandfather passed.
1159	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought this when it was 34 dlls but I think they went a little high on the price since then...
5496	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice, well made a very good price. Fast, easy shipping and good to have as spares and/ or replace older cables.
3998	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cord is heavy duty! I used it for a in wall installation and it works perfectly. The TV is about 35FT away from the video source but I was able to run this cord through the wall, into the attack, back into the wall, and out to my video source. It held up to all my torture while I was fishing it through the walls.
676	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Mounting the TV after mounting on wall can be a handful.  It would have been nice to have some type of slide in mount for the TV so you did not have to hold it while putting in 4 screws.  That would make DIY one person installation easier.
9715	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my Brother labeler.  The tape adheres well to nearly all surfaces.
2732	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price and good quality This was worth the money by far. 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1.
8583	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The Voodoo 3 is a great card that replaces both your 2d and 3d card. As far as graphics go, it is only a little better than the Voodoo 2. I did notice that the lighting effects are more realistic though. If you have a  Voodoo 2, then the upgrade may not be worth it unless you just want one  card for 2d and 3d. Over all though, I think this is one of the best  accelerators out there. The price is nice also.
Buyer beware.
This is the classic black letters on white tape.
8729	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The cover presses the menu button on the phone when you close it, making the phone constantly come on. My S-view cover has a recessed notch for the button. Too cheap to return, so I'm out another $6.
4139	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Kingston, in my experience, has fairly good QA, and this purchase did not mislead me. Both the card and the converter work perfectly.
6428	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Price, fast shipping.
I guess I've learned the hard way not to keep things like passwords on phone memory.
1923	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this book as a requirement to attend a 6-week beginner's French course taught by the local community education center.  It was very helpful.  And, when I do travel to France again, I'll pull it down from the shelf and brush up a bit.
Amazon released their own Touch e-reader just recently. While it now brings the Kindle in line with the capabilities of the Nook, it still lags in one area: proprietary book format. The Nook and all other major e-readers use EPUB, a now-standard file format for e-books. Amazon for its own reasons chooses not to. What this means in practical terms is that you pretty much have to buy all of your books from Amazon - and forget about taking them with you if you ever decide another e-reader is the better platform for you.
5735	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected, 8 months strait and no issues!
The performance of my Nook is awesome, and I have had great experiences with my Nook since the day I was surprised with the Nook as a gift! Best gift anyone can give! The joy of reading!
5355	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is snagless, I love it!
Someone said in the previous review that it is a inch thick, and it is true. I feel like I am holding a book. However, it makes me feel that my iPad is well protected. The quality of paper is good as always, and it is very easy to flip over. Also, it also has the rubber band! Since I don't have keen eyes to see whether it is real leather or not, but the skin feels smooth and soft.
a quality vhs head cleaner ( make sure if your vhs is wet or dry for
7956	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well
I would say that the fidelity is only slightly less than the earbuds I'm used to.  And the separation is better than I expected.  There is a fair amount of hiss if no music is on, but I'm pretty picky and I think its totally tolerable.
5338	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have spent the last 2 weeks trying to get decent FM radio reception in the middle of an office building with significant EMI (Electromagnetic Interference).  I tried three radios, including the Radio Shack (RS) Portable AM/FM Radio with Extended AM Range, Cat# 12-903, which is modeled after the GE Superadio.  (The Superadio and the RS 12-603/12-903 are often compared out on various pages on the internet and have the exact same features.)  My goal was to receive my favorite FM station, which is a weaker station sandwiched between two strong stations.  The Superadio, with the help of a C. Crane FM Reflect antenna found at ..was the only radio/antenna combo that would bring it in for me. (I also tried 3 other antennas, including 2 amplified antennas)  Another nice item is that I get excellent FM reception on almost every channel now.  The ability to turn off the Auto Frequency Control seems to make all the difference for my needs.  The RS 12-903 had the same switch, but I didn't notice a significant difference when I turned it on or off, like I do with the Superadio.  The only thing the RS 12-903 had going for it was it's sturdier case, but it was  more, even on sale.  I haven't done much with AM, so I can't comment on that.  I hope this is helpful.
2608	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	having multiple phones & other electronic equipment, this came in handy on our family road trips & outings. Kept the kids from getting bored.
Amazon Rocks
7340	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	No matter how I tape the male DIN connector, they don't stay connected.
For movies I used Netflix. I didn't have any issues with the app. The navigation was easy and videos played smoothly. As far as other apps, theres plenty to choose from. The tablet comes with Google app store and the Samsung app store. Battery life was perfect. I thought it would the battery would die out fast since I use the tablet, but it didn't. There's also a power save option that you could use. It changes the tablet settings to make the battery last even longer. One small issue that bothered me is the notification alert. Its a annoying whistle sound. Minor flaws aside, this is a very good tablet. One more thing, I'll update this review as I test out more of the features.
6264	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's a CAT 5 cable, it's blue, it's short and it works. Do you really need to read a review of it?
7833	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly fine!
8620	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am very impress with this Bag because it really do what it say it will do No More Odor!#homeredesigned
Wow, that could really keep you from looking forward to your birthday.

6055	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality.  These are getting less common, so there is a price creep.
5300	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Most radios you can buy have pretty cabinets, nice paint, and will sound pretty good if you're tuned to a station whose radio beams are about strong enough to cook an egg.  They're designed to impress you in the big box store, where looks and the sound of the most powerful station in town are all you have to go on.  It isn't until you get them home that you find out how miserable they are in real-world performance, trying to pick up that weak station that's the only one carrying the game you want to hear.
3654	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great and great price


8008	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	WORKS AS EXPECTED.THERE ARE NO ISSUES WITH PACKAGE OR DELIVERY. CABLE APPEARANCE OR FUNCTION ARE GOOD. IT WORKS WELL WITH ALL ETHERNET PRODUCTS SUCH AS ROUTER,COMPUTER,LAPTOP, VOICE SERVICE BRIDGE,PHONE SYSTEM, PRINTER ETC.
2015	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's making a good first impression on me. A big thank you to Soundcraft for putting a usb port on the signature series mixers!  (intended to charge your smartphone I think). Rare to find any kind of light connection on a small mixer but nice to see these guys changing with the times. Everything should be made with a usb port or two these days! What a great bang for the buck this little lite is (and less here than from the online music stores).

4105	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Worked for what I needed. Nothing special.
4338	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to use with my Canon G10 camera. The Canon version costs about $40. This one works perfectly. No reason to pay a penny more.
2400	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works ok.
2894	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	GREAT BUY
3963	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product has been working well for me. I would recommend it to others.
168	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product really works great but I found the following items you need to keep in mind:

8133	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Once you see the price of these in stores you will appreciate the great prices here. Ordered two of these and they work great and the snagless feature is a real plus. Ordered two more to keep for back up. The different colors are nice also for identifying different computers or whatever you are using.

3189	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	To use legacy or acquired USB printers in a network environment, with IP necessities, this is a great product at a great price.
9899	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The labeler that this fits is easy to use, has a nice selection of style of label, and the print is terrific.  There is a good amount of tape in each dispenser, I think it's a must have for anyone that has quite a few things to label.  The labels stick and stay well.

You can easily crack and peel the top or bottom half or the tape, grab hold of the other half that has the backing still on it to position the tape in the desired location, paste and smooth out the half with the exposed adhesive surface, and finally remove the backing on the other half of the label and smooth out this half of the label.
6556	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The product was what I expected and the price was the main reason I made the purchase.  I have never gotten a bad wird yet knock on wood.
979	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast Fast Fast. Works just fine in our new Samsung Galaxy S4 phones. This pone can handle 64GB. Make sure your device can too.

4493	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	OK

I bought a grounding rod from Radio Shack to isolate the radio from the noisy house wiring system. (I pounded in the rod in the ground outside the house.) That REALLY helped! So much so, that I removed the wire antenna and now only use the ground.
I find I don't use the middle 1024x768 resolution at all.  I  either go 640x480 for pictures to email my friends, or 1600x1200 for ones  to keep and print.
5736	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
Issue #4: Built-in Video Player Limitations
9502	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	10 STARS. FAST DELIVERY EXCELLENT PACKING. GREAT PRICES.

6318	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
3059	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This drive is fantastic...  Not much bigger than a jewel case, it doesn't require the external power anytime I've used it, and burns as well as my desktop DVD burner.  Plugged right in and was recognized instantly on all machines I've used it.
143	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Just gave it 4 stars because it's proprietary. Can't find generic alternatives. Otherwise it works as expected.
2012	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this item to illuminate my Dell XPS m1330's keyboard.  Unfortunately this model of laptop only has 2 USB ports (one on the left side and one of the right) and no backlighting of the keyboard. This Mighty Bright LED USB light seemed like a good solution.
6940	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product.
6812	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are indespenisible around our house. Out grandchilden find then and play with them.  I've witnessed them trying to get our wee dog, Nola, to catch as one would catch a frisbee.  Thankully, we have only totally lost a few CD's.  Easily replacable!
7021	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So I wanted to run stuff from my computer onto my TV, but my Computer is sooo far from my bed. Easy Fix, I bought this little Cable. Works great! I have this cable set up in a front USB on my computer, running a splitter. It's currently running my keyboard, a mouse, my headphones, and a joystick all at once - No problems at all! I'm very happy this cable works so well :]
The display is incredible.  I sit in the sun and read a lot, and the brighter the sunlight, the better the display.  Try that with a traditional LCD display.  Since the black and white NOOK has no backlight for the book pages, it requires as much ambient light as a traditional paper book.  In dim lighting I use a clip-on book light, as I did with paper books.
414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent
lack of Android Market, lack of some apps I would like to see on the BN market (such as Google Music app) no sideloading apps at the moment either. That being said, this also means that apps available from BN will actually work with your Nook, there isn't a quantity over quality in the app store either. This means that if you've bought an app from Android market, you will have to buy it again if you want to use it on the Nook.
9199	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For anyone who wants to have total control over what you're DVD movies look and sound like, this is the unit for you. Although the picture and sound are stunning.  If you feel the need to make them even better, The 550  gives you virtualy unlimited control.  And it will save the settings for  two hundred discs.  Just pop the movie in and all your adjustments are  recalled.  But beware if you are moving to DVD after years with a VHS that  flashed 12:00, opt for a simpler player.  Otherwise, you will be paying for  a something that you can't control.  The Sony 330 will deliver fantastic  picture and sound, for $150 less.  And, as far as the sync problems that  many have reported, I have had the player for two weeks now and have had no  problems what so ever.  Even after checking out many of the reported  problem scenes listed in other reviews.  DVD is the future of home video.  Don't take my word, just look around yourself.  If you're ready to buy,  don't wait.  You won't regret it for a minute.
6110	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
1293	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I won't rehash the Nook vs. Kindle issue, but we'll say I chose to buy the Nook because it just sounded better based on what people were saying. HOWEVER - I'd say i made a huge mistake. I loved the way the Nook worked, but reliability becamea huge issue. My first Nook died within 24 hours. I figured it was just a bad egg, took it back, and they completely replaced it with a brand new one. My second one died 6 months later. I took it to two different stores and they were unable to fix it. Since it is still under warranty, They advised I call or email.  Over the last 3 months, I've sent several emails and get auto-responses saying they have a higher volume of messages than usual, please call. I've also racked up tons of cell phone minutes trying to call and have yet to break through before my lunch break is over, or my toddler starts wanting my attention, etc... I guess I'll just chalk it up to a total waste of my money and start saving for a Kindle!!!

If you want a simple e-reader, the Nook Simple Touch is the best. (FYI: It's costs less on the B&N website.)


2105	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This book light works very well for nighttime use when reading during a blacklight, under your covers, camping, traveling in the car, or any other dark scenario. The batteries are easy to find, the LEDs are quite bright, and the clip fastens right onto the last few pages of your book (or anywhere you want to clip it). Plus the flexible neck is great for getting the right angle on each page.
Chris Gregory, author, Buckshot Pie, [...] Semper Pi Publishing, semperpi@outlook.com, also as Christopher E. Gregory, Ezine Articles author, EzineArticles.com.  Buckshot Pie is another great book about World War II; 5 brothers, one of which was stationed in Burma - 5 brothers, their early years of character development, and their WW II contributions.  Available here at Amazon;&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Buckshot-Pie-a-Family-s-Struggle-Through-Homesteading-the-Great-Depression-and-World-War-II/dp/098952941X/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Buckshot Pie, a Family's Struggle Through Homesteading, the Great Depression, and World War II</a>
4265	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
7063	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked great and even better then ones that came with Grill
Since I bought my Olympus, I have not taken 1 non-digital  photograph.  I enjoy the simplicity of the camera and the freedom from  developing and film costs (some $10/roll).
186	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	II love it.....LOVE IT.....its completely perfect....its exactly what I wanted... a perfect fit into my very busy lifestyle... great product...
6297	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm Grateful for tapes that have 8 hours on them Ever since this length has been created it makes it better than the prior footage ones created of 6 and 7 1/2. So if I feel 8 is enough and when 9 isn't as necessary then I'm grateful enough as it is. So this why i bought a couple time from here as much this 3 pack as the singles of the 9 hours speed.
8261	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well, thanks!
Ease of use
752	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great but need a good file management app
Still, they work, and I can hear a reasonable range of sounds from them.  About as much as you can expect from $5.

There are some interesting human trafficking scenarios.  Hopefully it is not happening but there must be some aspects of reality there. Not a novel for the teens but an interesting read with some insights into cultural assumptions and differences.
Non yet.
6894	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	On time and as advertised.  Can't ask for much more than that.
Update:  After using both my Nook and Kindle for a while now I've decided I do like the Kindle much better than the Nook.  The page turning buttons on the Kindle are very very light touch, the reading screen does have darker print, and the collections feature is top notch.  Now my Nook, the buttons take some pushing to turn the pages, the reading screen is lighter, and the shelves option is ok.  What I don't care for in the shelves feature is I can't colapse the shelves to just show the shelves and then open them when I want to search in them.  I also don't care for the B&N Library being seperate from My Documents.  On the Kindle these are all included together and you can sort them out using collections.  With the Nook you must use the naviation screen to switch between them.  I've also had some trouble with the navigation screen on the bottom.  I don't have large fingers and don't wear long fingernails so moving around on the screen should be easy.  However, when I'm tryting to scroll or select something on the touch screen I just can't seem to get what I want.  But when I don't mean to move on the touch screen but accidently touch it, I trigger a menu move.  It's still a very good reader, but when comparing options and usability, I'd choose the Kindle any day over the Nook.  I'll purchase most of my books on the Kindle and what isn't Kindlized will go on the Nook.
3641	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Holds everything including the chicken sink.
1417	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	In the increasingly glutted tablet market, it's important to differentiate between hits and the misses.

3134	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for the iPod touch and skype. Very portable, and great sound. Fast shipping and processing

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Casio-Exilim-EX-G1-12-1-MP-Slim-line-Endurance-Digital-Camera-with-3x-Optical-Zoom-Red/dp/B002WC8PKQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Casio Exilim EX-G1 12.1 MP Slim-line Endurance Digital Camera with 3x Optical Zoom (Red)</a>
1263	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	For what I wanted it to do, namely display some of the pdf files and books that I already have on hand, this does a pretty poor job of it. The default software is not compatible with many would-be useful formats such as txt or rtf. There is no folder view for displaying the books you put on it, you are constrained to a library view that tries to sort everything for you. The settings page is a joke, there is almost no customization to be had there. The shop's main view was nonfunctional out of the box; every time I tried to access it, it kicked me back out to the main page, and I had to access it by going to the "top 100" page instead, and even then the search would sometimes not work. The battery capacity went down 20% over 4 days, so I don't think that it would make the 2 month mark that it should have.
It works.  I got it fast and cheap at Amazon.  Good value.  Good service.

2842	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I need  to received, it was to be dvd plyer

  which means you have to plug it in usb and delete stuff from your desktop.
1771	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really enjoyed this book. The plot was believable with enough twists to keep it interesting. I liked the writing style,although was a bit more graphic than I prefer to read. It was well edited. I look forward to reading more in this series.



9236	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just received this camera about a week ago. Since then I'vereplaced the 8mb memory card with a 96mb card. This camera definitelytakes some getting used to. I'm taking mostly photo's of my new twinsand find that I'm either afflicted with the palsy or the camera is super sensitive to shaking. Suggest trying a tripod (that is my next investment).
8284	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	they work good
3677	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this purchase.
* Pricey.
9805	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exact factory replacement for my labeler. Amazon Prime does a great job of saving me time and money as well as gas and wear and tear on my vehicle not to mention the frustration of dealing with traffic and not finding what in need at the stores :-)
8374	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exelent

4378	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works great no problems with it at all. I get full charges every time.
7791	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for conducting qualitative research interviews. My research assistant had no idea how to use them (or a tape recorder) which was hilarious to me. She has since convinced me to buy a digital voice recorder. They arrived promptly, and did all that they should- record. I'm glad, like many other customers, that Amazon still sells tapes for all us old school heads.
7015	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Much better than the original plates.
Manufacturer provided a good assortment of screws and other hardware, as well as a hex wrench, a small open wrench and a level.
5710	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin quality; they work great
9321	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice product.
Great screen, fast processor. This thing still has enough power to run the latest apps and Android OS!
2166	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing beats these lights for dark situations at work.  The switch design has been improved.  From press button to slide.  Now it doesn't turn itself on in my bag.  I used to take one battery out to avoid draining them.  Good improvement.  These lights are very bright with both bulbs lit, but I can start with just one bulb and go up to 2 as the batteries start to fade.
The Nook STR is a good choice for seniors that may not have extensive computer skills.  Using the device is easy enough, but loading books from a library website (via Adobe Digital Editions) requires a few steps to complete.  If help is needed, it can be a positive relationship-building experience.

I highly recommend this book to almost anyone. If the book sounds interesting to you, go ahead and pick up a copy because you are likely to enjoy it. I can't wait to start the second book in this series.


3152	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Do not work with my multi-printer
All set for some PORN!

4104	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used this item for updating the map on my Garmin Nuvi 1450. This item did exactly what I needed for a very good price.
8138	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great cord.  Does what it's advertised to do.  Can't beat the price and loved the color options, specifically the purple.
3710	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it works.

4875	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works like a charm. I use it on my television and my computer and it works fine. it does all the work for you. if you can give 5 stars to a lens cleaner then this is it!
9422	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There are nickle/dime items that are necessary, but only on occasion, in life. It is good to have a product and a reliable source when that occasion arises!!

5095	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is one of the top rated shower radios I found with my research.  My husband likes to listen to talk radio in the morning while showering and shaving.  This model is far better than his old one.
584	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a really well made and engineered product which should be twice the price. It has every kind of leveling and tilting adjustment you could want, and a nice finishing piece that goes over the wall plate and lag bolts.  The mounting process can't be rushed and planning everything out before you start makes all the difference. Just make sure you find the middle of a wall stud for the lag bolts.
8594	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I haven't really tried this yet, it hangs in my wah and whacks me in the head while I'm driving....I have to rig up some cord restraints that will allow me to still use the thing....I think it will help me communicate when I get the instalation worked out
753	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like it's supposed to thanks
5462	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great product cleaned as described it would do
1890	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the third adapter that I have tried other than buying direct from B&N.  This adapter is quality made and works excellent with the device.  It is better made than the original.  Great value.
Bottom line, there are far better options in the Android world.
First I give a summary, followed by the details if U are interested.  I hope people will read reviews here, as, if you say much at all on B&N's site, they don't post your review and don't allow you to modify it so that U can post it!:
2975	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product! 5 stars!! Will be back again!!Thank you!!
8728	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great no complaints.
3973	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent and very good


Needed this to keep using 'em.

I use the SD adapter to load stuff on from my mac.
9213	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Esta camara la he comprado por que puedo grabar todas las fotos en discos flexibles, solo es cargar en el carro una caja de discos y tienes para cientos de fotos, una buena idea de la marca. Me ha gustado mucho y la he disfrutado mucho.
721	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	quickly shipped to my house and mounted myself. i ordered this for my 32 inch Phillips LCD tv and for the price i paid its a great value. does the job that any other higher priced wall mounts can do. would recommand
6174	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works
9043	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with product.no complaints.thank you
The ZIP drive works great.  I'm very satisfied with the product.

5964	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got two of these and they worked fine. I have only had them for a week so cannot comment on their durability. The price is very good for the product. I have better ethernet cables, but these are working for my current purpose.
Anyhow, let me know if you have any questions, I'll try to answer them!

The strap that comes with these is made of nasty thick plastic - a kind of strap that I haven't seen since I got a cheap SLR in the early 1980s. Completely pointless (unusable in my opinion), and the first thing I would advise is to go buy the strap/support system of your choice and don't relay on the nasty accessory that comes with.

5384	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine.
BTW - this is NOT Belkin, who Always somehow puts its name on all their stuff, yet this ripoff is blank (generic crap)
8050	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's ethernet cable. It's the right size. And it didn't cost an arm and a leg. The connections are well made. Would buy again.
1788	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Enjoyed the read!
7459	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is the perfect example of excellent marketing pushing an inferior product to market.  The consumer is fooled into thinking that this "hard case" is actually hard and is actually made of alumunim,  when in fact the case is made of PLASTIC and has two VERY thin strips of  aluminum outside the plastic.  This case could easily crack under little  pressure.  I purchased this case but was greatly disappointed by the  plastic composition and flimsiness of the case.  For 40 bucks you think  you'd get something nice and strong, but save your hard-earned money for  some other case.  If you want just something to protect your Palm V in, I'd  strongly suggest something with a leather cover that is far more durable  than this plastic case.  Even better, go for the leather case that has a  zipper.  For even more protection, go for the Rhinoskin Palm protectors.  Those are a little bit more expensive but are definitely worth the money,  considering the amount of money it costs to replace your Palm if you damage  it.
 On the other hand, it arrived quickly and there must be something else wrong with then DVD drive.
1197	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I previously owned a Kindle and loved it, but it kept breaking.  I finally gave up in frustration after having it replaced 3 times in the first year.
688	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	For the price, this wall mount is great.  Not too hard to install.  The only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is wire management.  I could not get the little loop to work.  Not a big deal at all however.  Overall, I highly recommend this product.  Well worth the money.
5940	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It did not resolve my issues!....and those are the issues they listed could be fixed with this.
1336	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This tablet is awesome...it took me 10 minutes to root it and turn it into a complete Android tablet legally...i did this without changing anything that originally came with the tablet...so now i have the barnes & nobles  tablet with full Android market...best of both worlds...simply awesome
9598	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price and works great!
9366	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exact replacement of my original tape, works great for what I use it for. I recommend using this replacement tape.
Cons:  Apparently 3com now owns the product, so expect no driver updates and no  useful customer support.
I've read lots of reviews stating that the later versions sold under the RCA name are problematic. Maybe so- but if you can find one of the GE models at a reasonable price somewhere- and you like radios- my advice is get it quick before someone else does!
-- Not able to prop this thing up to view from afar (too slippery), and no prop is included.
8289	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	i was actually pretty excited to get these, but when it arrived, it was defective. the monoculars didn't align, causing me to see double and 2 picture, not as one. also, there seemed to be a scratch of some sort on the right monocular. i tried to clean or blow it out to see if it was just an eye lash, but it never went away. i sent them back for a return.
8911	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what is supposed to and very good quality.
1354	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the second one I bought (this was for my mother).  The only draw back to this is not being able to access Google Play store.  You have to get your apps throught the Barnes and Noble store.  Most that are comprable with what you get on full android are not free and they don't get the updates as often.


4176	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is compatible with AT&T's LG Prime. Plugged it in, and was recognized with no issues.
614	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This mount worked very well. Assembly was quick and fit perfectly on my 42.inch display. The price is impossible to beat.
I was hesitant to try it....some reviews and advice said it could ruin the system.  But I was going to not use the system anyway....so I took a chance.  Turned out to be a good decision, but I don't know enough about WHY it works to say it would be safe for every unit.

IF this cleaner,  didn't (I am still testing that cd/mp3 player) fix that Sony, I may give it a 3 or a 4 out of 5 and I will not lower my rating, (I am still not sure if my Sony is 100% again or I just haven't reached the point where it messes up yet) if I find that out.  (I am not sure whats wrong with it, so I am not going to blame this product).  IF IT FIXED my issue, I am shocked at the product.  I never even thought of reviewing a lens cleaner before, though  I do have to say that .. if your player is having issues... ITS WORTH a shot.  Is this any better than one for two or 3 dollars cheaper from another company. I can not say... I did a little bit of homework and read reviews from others, and decided this seemed the best quality-vs-price option.  Others may work as well, though I would not be against (considering what price it may be), buying another product from this company down the road.
I gave this 2 stars because it does not appear to be a Belkin product --- I would give the 25 ft. cable 5 stars.
4846	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this in attempt to fix my disc drive in my mac. But it didn't work.
EDIT: It seems I removed (accidentally) the picture I had uploaded. Oops.
7493	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use a viking 128Mb CompactFlash card in my Canon S200 digital camera. Simply plugging the card into this reader and the reader into the PCMCIA slot on my Mac TiBook automatically launches iPhoto and imports the contents of the card into the laptop. Much faster and certainly more elegant than carrying around cables and using the camera battery.  Highly recommended!

2452	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this one after the two compact ones I bought burned out on the same day.  I have been using this one for over 6 months now and I drive a lot for work (4-5k miles a month) and have my iPhone and iPad both plugged into it at the same time a LOT.  Still working, and does just great.  Highly recommended!
5961	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Every time I record a TV show, it only lasts for 2.5 - 3 hours --- not 8 hours. I even double-checked the box if it really says 8 hours but the recording never went beyond 3 hours.
  The nook also downloads without any effort wi-fi ( as does the Kindle).
-  Status indicators built into the jacks, so you can easily tell which cable is connected and is active.
9857	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yes, I enjoy labeling things - looks neater for labeling kid gear than a Sharpie does.  (Of course, I do love Name Bubbles for the "serious" kid gear/clothes labeling tasks.  I get frustrated when I am out of labels, and having more color options available through Amazon is a good thing.  Having more label tape is good as my kids find the label printer and start printing random stuff.
DO NOT BUY UNLESS YOU HAVE A 6g 120GB
I no longer use these headphones for day to day use.  After about six months, I got too annoyed with the sound fading in and out, the increasing amount of hiss, and the random loss of stereo signal.  I'm back to using regular wired headphones, this time spending only $18 on an Aiwa pair that I like.  I still use the Advent wireless headphones for occasional TV viewing (where sound quality is not so important), but I wouldn't recommend them.
8000	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping and this is a good quality item. Simple to install, does what it is designed to do with no complications!
Pros:  Easy,  I mean EASY setup.  Also found it nice that you do not need to utilize both USB cables, just plug in the media plug to the USB 2 and that is all required.  Great price considering the seller guaranteed it would work with my Acer One Netbook model.  Free shipping!!!!  Case seems to be sturdy enough, (just don't pick it up and turn it side to side while it is playing).  Region settings available, so it plays most everything.  GREAT DVD picture on both my Acer laptop and the Acer Aspire one netbook, very pleased!
3358	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great! I am using it as additional memory on my Samsung Galaxy Note Edge
5439	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	as expected
3184	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	did not work despite much help from the company
4263	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	ITEM GOOD AS ADVERTISED
9001	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I had the same problem as other reviewers with these speakers but tried to move them outside as another person suggested. Once I did that, they worked for a while. I found though that if you use batteries and not the AC adaptor, they seem to work just fine. It takes 8 C batteries though so prepare to spend some money on rechargables!
For my trouble, I found the output from Dazzle to be satisfactory. You would get better results if you spent big money for video capture card that would let you plug an S-Video cable into the back of your PC. Another better alternative would be to use Firewire. (I always use Firewire with my Panasonic DV camcorder and it works great.)
5886	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nothing to say much about, just do the job.
3947	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It worked when purchased and I'm still using it.
2694	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This product did not work with my ipad2. I would not recommended purchasing this item for your ipad2. DON'T BUY!!


2613	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Initially it seemed a great deal as it powers iPhones without issues.  It also powered an iPad 2.  But when I tried an iPad 3 and a 4, it didn't power neither one.
Overall I really love them.  I can listen to music really loud without bothering my officemate, and they're comfortable enough to wear all day without trouble.
888	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as expected; inexpensive.
1414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought two Nook HD+ because of the low price and high screen resolution about 2 years ago.  I originally operated each Nook with Kit Kat OS off a micro sd card as I didn't want to erase the factory installed OS.  I came to find out Lollipop was available for download.  I paid $15 for the download but I was able to use it on both Nooks.  At $7.5 per upgrade, the money was very well spent.  The factory OS was wait too restrictive and slow.  Lollipop is much better when it comes to manage processor with slow speed and makes the Nook operating much more smooth and faster.  It also opened up to all the apps that are available in Google Play which it was not the case with the factory OS.
6613	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works
With the new setup working I ran a second speed test, this time receiving internet via the powerline adapters. The my surprise, my download speed increased to 27.52 (nearly a 900% increase) and my download speed increased to 24.93 (about 800%). Needless to say, that was well worth the few minutes of my time and much cheaper/less complicated than other alternatives.
I found that the best way to get the best quality was to adjust the video settings manually (add a little more saturation, and sharpness), and use the "DVD" format for capture, that were there is minimal second encoding required when you burn to a disc (I use windows DVD maker, because I'm cheap :B)
9385	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This labeling tape is perfect for manila folders or really anything you need to label. It is waterproof and does not come off easily. I use it labeling everything from manila folders to binders to toys!
5680	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	ok
5467	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price.
You will never find a better radio for use in the shower: the reception is outstanding. The speaker is clear and loud enough to hear in the shower. The case is attractive and tough. The controls are easy to operate, even with wet hands. How often do you buy a product that's reasonably affordable and absolutely flawless?

Cons for this light: NONE
3686	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son's GoPro and it's worked out great. I just wish I would have bought the 64gb instead of going cheap on the 32gb, but so far so good. He's a couple of months into using his camera with this card and no issues.
6980	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Keeps drinks cold with ice throughout school day.
Then the i pad came out, So I went to the store and looked at the i pad and played with it as well. I have read review after review and watched you-tube...

2048	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My daughter needed a book light as to not disturb her sister who she shares a room with. This has been perfect. It's just the right size, not too bright- adjusts easily and after a month of nightly usage shows no sign of wear or dimming.
  With the huge battery pack, I suspect it will run a very, very long time on one set. Of course, it can also use AC.

7542	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Greate!!!
4694	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product, easy to use cheap and fast delivery.
563	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It needs improment. I wish it has one more hole to put a screw on the wall.

Well The holidays came and my husband bought me the Nook!!! I was so excited! I wanted the Nook as soon as I saw it, but took my time and compared it to other e readers.. I knew right from the start which e reader I wanted after being in discussion with others about e readers and after looking and playing with a few of them.
9061	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine
6482	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We needed a short length of cable to connect the router to the computer, this was just the right length at a reasonable price.
9305	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	nice
2119	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived in great condition, and did the job.  New in the box and ahead of time.  I think I will get some reading done now.
Off course you might start thinking of buying SD card reader for your iPad then you realized you must download the entire pictures to your iPad before you can see it, and you had 16 GB iPad against 64 GB SD card !
5293	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased these headphones before traveling to Europe for a couple weeks and the headphones worked great.  The sound quality of the phones was good quality and the comfort was very nice.  The battery powered noise cancellation was also a bonus and it worked very well on the airplane as well as on trains.  I used it on both flights with great relaxation and I also used it on the Chunnel and some subways with continued satisfaction.
Sound quality is excellent.  It's mono, but it has a good and large speaker and enough audio power to drive it properly.  It also has separate treble and bass controls.

2380	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great product
4842	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cleaned my vhs good.
8023	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is as advertised and works extremely well. Construction is above the standard. Before there all gone "Get One, NOW!"
4270	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I should have listened to the reviews.  I purchased 2 chargers for my galaxy s3.  Neither one worked.  I have 2 useless chargers.  Don't buy these chargers from Malaysia.  One says Samsung on it, but looks used.  The second one looks new, but is generic. Neither charge either on the wall plug or the car.

2961	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	What a piece of time wasting garbage.  Bought in Sepetember 2014, used maybe 3 times.  It no longer works by January 2015.  Instant garbage.
Good for the couch potato.
518	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Mounting a 42 inch LG TV weighing 33 pounds
2144	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Compact and light, the bulb is bright enough for this to be a travel must. However, the included batteries were flat, so order CR2032 batteries at the same time.
I borrowed a friends label maker to label the wires on the back of my boat's instrument panel before I removed it to install new gauges. I have just ordered my own label maker from Amazon. I do not like to borrow things.
2163	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job and has more than adequate light to read.  the flexible neck stays in the position you set it and stays there even after you set it down. the quality is great.

Works well, not overly impressed with the transfer speed.  Though it says class 4.  Which would be 4mb/sec.  But the size is super nice, and since I have the extra size in my phone I can hook a USB to my Blackberry and use it as a flash drive, which comes in really handy.  For this reason I really love it.  I also do not have any trouble accessing info on my phone, ringtones etc.  Even a few short video's I formated for my phone.  Works fine.
1083	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Amazing size, you can have all you need in your cellphone without any problems, all your vacation trips, etc... super! hope next year they got the 128gb.
4 down home stars for Counrty Heaven
Obtaining books is easy to do through Barnes and Noble.  You need to go online on a computer and provide a credit card.  You can then order them on the computer, or through your device.  I generally use the computer, but if you know what you want--ordering directly from the Nook is quick and easy.  Transferring library rentals is also as easy as drag and drop, using Adobe Digital Solutions (free app, the library should have a link to download it).

This stuff i think has improved over the years. I don't hear any hissing even during classical performances!
The stand is FINE.  There are only 5 working buttons on this.  This is the power button, a brightness button(s), and volume buttons.  There is no other screens, setups, no calibrations, etc.  All of that has to be done on your PC connected to this.  It is literally a straight monitor.  As advertised, not 1 dead pixel.

And free shipping.
Oh - and that nifty little cover flow on the color screen.  Don't expect it to work for Your Documents.  (There are two libraries, the B&N purchased books and your side-loaded books or documents.) Also there is no way to sort your documents to your specification so you either sort by author, title, or the date you loaded them, very annoying if you build up a nice library; which is highly likely considering you can add an SD card to your nook and increase memory to 16 maybe 32 gigabytes. Speaking of which with that ability to increase memory, it would have been nice if the MP3 Player interface were a little more sophisticated.  An interesting ability is to play an unabridged audio-book and read the book at the same time. I am not sure who would do that, but then again I understand spoken Spanish more than I am capable of reading it.  This might be useful to me in that area, if I can find the matching audio-book/ Spanish-book. (Nuance in foreign language is often lost in English translation.)

Two useful things:  First, purchase of the book also offers online access to it for 45 days.  Secondly, there are two tables of contents, one the brief overview of chapter heads, the next with the detailed list of topics.
You won't be sorry with the camera!
4414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great good picture
8561	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is working great for my church, and what a savings!  Don't hesitate to buy these for your application. It's great!
6569	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised and promised
9453	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use this all the time.  Very satisfied.


On a final note, the price is exceptional. Lesser quality extension cables (if you can find 'em) at brick and mortar retailers are ridiculously overpriced.
8563	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item was just as described in the ad and arrived on time. It is nice to get a Great Deal.

8346	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The C3948BI itself is impressive for the price. It handled the tremulous, high notes of Dmitri Shostakovich without sounding shrill, and it delivered the thumping bass line of a Cowboy Junkies song without sounding muddy. The bass boost switch didn't produce the kind of bass you can feel, but for our taste and for a portable CD player it sufficed. At a midrange volume level we detected a slight hiss, but when we adjusted the volume up or down it went away. I got this cd player because it has all the things on it and its easy to use and program and the color is ice blue and thats cool and the sound is wide open and clear no skipping at all and I don't use batteres that often I love the wall adapter its all i neadSince my old CD player was skipping often and a bit outdated, I decided to try the GPX Blue Ice CD Player. At first, I had my doubts (I had never, ever heard of GPX in my life). Having used it, though, I have to admit that I am very satisfied. First of all, I absolutely love the icy blue color (who wouldn't?) and the way that you can see the spinning CD while you're listening. This player is surprisingly slender and lightweight, so it's easy to carry around. I thoroughly tested the ESP (Electronic Shock Protection) by dropping it, bopping it, and slapping it silly. It didn't miss a beat! And now for the coolest feature: Have you ever been bored out of your skull during a field trip or a looong car drive?(Is the Pope Catholic! ) Well, be bored no more! The GPX player's awesome car adapter kit is easy to use (you don't need to be an electronics whiz to use it), and it enables you to bring your music wherever you go. The bass boost system is also great. Best of all, this CD player is priced very nicely, so you can use the extra money towards a new set of headphones (The included pair is a tad flimsy). If you are a music fanatic (like me!), than I suggest you try out the GPX Blue Ice CD Player. I love it, and you will too!
It takes one AAA, very cheap to replace. The battery lasts for many, many days with frequent use. The light itself lasts a long time. I bought this one to replace one just like it that I got so many years ago I can't tell you just how old it was. It works well in books, too, as it's not too heavy to use on a paperback. The flexible stem is long enough to provide light to the page but still be compact in overall size. I may buy a few more in case they stop selling them - it's perfect.

UPDATE 01 March 2011:  The more I use this player the more I like it.  The picture on my daughters Acer Aspire one Netbook is sharper than the one on my Acer Laptop with widescreen HD. If you are an Acer Netbook lover, this is the external player for you.  Just a reminder, it is not a DVD/CD burner.
You wouldn't expect much QC for a $2 electrical product, but they each work just fine.
I imagine they'll fix glitches with the download problem, too.  I'm not the only person who had a problem, but I think everyone else managed to find a solution (besides side-loading).  Keep in mind I generally know what I'm doing and tried everything, and the "expert" at the brick-and-mortar store couldn't fix it, either.  The lady from Glee didn't come out and entertain us while they fixed our tablet, either... that was disappointing.
197	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this as a gift for my daughter, she loves it!

9315	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this tape for my machine.
* Supports non-proprietary formats that can be downloaded from Project Gutenberg, torrent sites, etc.
I found out the male plug was not inserted all the way into the radio's headset socket.  The problem is the rubber molding around the male plug was too much, not allowing a good "seat".  I used an Xacto knife and cut away at the rubber molding, thus allowing a good "seat" of the male plug.  No more weird locking of the radio anymore.  I also had to do this with the other Motorola headsets that came with my Motorola Radios as well.

1656	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nightingale is a former police negotiator working as a private detective. Why he's a FORMER cop is explained in painful detail in the introductory chapters, but I don't want to spoil the the story with too many details. His life now is much different and Nightingale is a changed man. Most of his casework is unfaithful spouses, but it pays the bills most of the time. His current hum drum life of drudgery all changes when he's told that he has inherited a large mansion from a deceased father he never knew existed. This isn't the life Nightingale asked for or ever wished for.
5- The format is not proprietary, this was a huge sale point for me, there are other devices that can read the same format.

7550	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice!
Overrall, great device!!!
IT ADMINISTRATOR APPROVED!
5048	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My husband HAS to have some form of media entertainment while in the shower. I don't know if he had a bad experience in the shower as a child or what, but apparently there needs to be noise of some sort. This fit the bill perfectly, that is, until roughly a month ago.
This is a 30 inch monitor, well under the 700 to 800 pricerange of other monitors that do the same thing as this one.

1705	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good medical/detective mystery. The characters seemed real and the ending was not easy to guess.

The write speed is a tad slower than my 32GB card, but not enough to knock off points.
1193	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Out of the box she knew how to operate it, and is working fine getting a lot of use as she likes reading.  Glad to see as she is only 8 years old.
1) The cord is nice and long and the plug is flat so it can go behind furniture.
I have tried just about all of the DB15 to USB A/B adapters I could Find, trying to find one that will resurrect my old MicroSoft SideWinder 3D Pro Joystick . All have failed. My Last hope is in the one offered by a private builder. Email Me for the link to His Site.
1508	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the Nook, so sad that they aren't doing well. I think the E-ink is great, I can't stand reading on my ipad, the blue light sucks. I think this glow is nice and soft enough to read before bed. The switching between pages does get a little jarring to most people. I got use to it.
9667	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	do the work
5899	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent sound and picture quality as per maxell's reputation.  Very well made and durable.  All in all a quality product......
The power supply itself will likely tank on you also. Mine started getting really hot and making a wheezy buzzing sound. Since I know how, I just bought a $40 benchtop power supply that is capable of running several of these monitors and spliced the old cable onto the new power supply. That works like a champ.
378	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Waal Mount TV, shipping time and excellent package.
Always go for the snag-free design, so the little clippy thing doesn't break off due to your carelessness.
9436	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used several Brother label makers, all of which use the TZ series tapes.  Of those tapes, my two favorite are black on white in this width and the 3/8" width.  I prefer the 1/2" width for hanging file folders because the label fits nicely on the tab.  I like the 3/8" width (TZ-221) for use with manila folders because the narrower width positions closer to the edge of the tab.
THE GOOD:
8161	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Just what they siad it would be and it works just fine. The color helps to see which item is pluged into which port.
8391	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Other headphones makes my head sweating.
8119	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed a couple of cables for a project I was working on and once again Amazon had the best price compared to most of my local merchants.  These worked, and are still working great for my application.  Thanks Amazon.
Only radio in the house that tunes in C-SPAN radio 90.1 near Washington, DC.  Used it during the huge blackout in northeastern US summer of 2003.  Comes in handy on holiday in the Adirondacks when the power goes out around the lake.

Not wanting to wait 2 days for the paperback book to arrive, I also rented the e-book on Kno.com for $20. She liked using the e-book, but I think hard copies are beneficial because you don't have to switch back and forth between screens as you work.
3760	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent cable for my Canon SX260, the extra length allows you to sit further from the TV as you cruise your pics.
504	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I originally bought this for a Sony 40" TV, but installed it with a Vizio 42" instead.  I did this because the Sony is an older model TV and weighs a little over 50lbs (which is still within this mounts rating) and the Vizio only weights 23lbs.  I have a Sanus extended articulating mount that I bought a few years ago and paid over $100 dollars for it.  (It now costs over $150) The Sanus is much stouter in construction than this VideoSecu mount is, so by reading some of the reviews on here and not knowing exactly how this mount was going to measure up pre-install, I swapped out TV's to match mounts accordingly.
5995	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's an ethernet cable. Stranded copper (not solid core) which is as it should be. Nice strain relief boots. It works at full speed. There is not really much more to say. No problems at all.
8305	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Luv it. Got choke features. Got da kine $19.99 from Gold Box even mo bettah. Nuff said?
6305	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly as described. Extended my usb cord with no problems.
2995	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I don't know what special extra software it might need to get it to play on my Yoga 2 Windows 8.1, but couldn't figure it out; and I'm not usually a complete dunce with computers.  However, seller took it back, sent me postage to get it picked up, no charge on my part,and gave me a refund, so can't complain overall.
After formatting, the phone tells me the card has 59.46GB available.  If you notice on computer hard drives, the same thing happens.  A 250GB hard drive will only give you about 233GB that you can actually use.  It's normal.
-I think few people realize how clear and book-like the e-Ink screen actually is. I showed the Nook to some friends, and that was the first thing they noticed.
2854	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sometimes having something like this is great for old CD/DVD disks, Works great.
885	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this memory card works fine in my nook hd plus.  it works fine, i've had no problems so far.
8960	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a cable to go across my house, and this one did that job fine. I was really afraid I would have to pay a lot of money for a 50' cable, but this cable proved me wrong. It is not expensive(...). The snagless connectors were very useful when I was dragging the wire under my floors (though some tape probably could have done the job). I have not noticed any loss in performance because of this cable.




6917	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say.  Good length, good price, and it works fine.
402	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing to review here. I ordered it and received it new.
6151	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ok, so it didn't disintegrate when I opened the package.  The twisty ties were twisty and tied.  The clips on both ends clipped properly. It did not break the first time I used it.  It didn't break when I had to unplug and re-plug it.  It fits most brands of cable management systems.  And data flows through it nicely.


no front facing camera (or any camera for that matter). The ability to use Skype would have been nice, but wasn't a complete necessity. I've had many friends with tablets that had a camera that swear they never used it even once, and thinking about it, I wuld seldom use it either since most places outsite of my house that I will use it are places where video chatting would be frowned on, like Starbucks or the library
8717	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My idiot producer lost my recorder, so did not get to use more than one of these.
9645	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No issues whatsoever, packaged in Brother packaging.
8868	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great! Arrived on time!
2932	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good, useful !
cable that's a big deal.  It carries a good, strong signal.
8483	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used as a mod mic for my audio technica ad700. until mod mic 4.0 comes out,Cheap and gets the job done
Speaker is pretty loud - louder than any of our phones except maybe BlackBerry.
2561	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is pretty much like car USB chargers you can find anywhere although the price is excellent. It also seems to be solid and will last.
-read all the ebooks you want in B&N stores for free
4090	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this card for my friend as a gift, and it works perfectly, He keeps it in the phone and he's had no problems with it. I've got a few kingston cards and they always work perfectly, no problems ever.

3330	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was worried that the half-size would not got on my Samsung Galaxy S4. To my surprise, it came surg an adapter to fit in the traditional size slot for an SD card. So far, it is working wonderfully.
2221	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this for my sister to replace her Hello Kitty usb keychain that had broken.  I was not pleased when it arrived.  It is large and gaudy.  The usd is not removable and is made of white plastic that does not match the owl.

1865	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great quality item!  Fits my Nook Simple Touch perfectly, and the faux leather has a nice leather-like feel.  I would write that it's a Great Value for the price, but that would be unfair because it's simply a terrific product, nicely designed, well made...  Five Stars!
4002	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Completely Satisfied
7314	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I knew what I needed and got the right product for a good price.  I am happy with this product.
Best of all, I highly recommend this tool to anybody who doesn't use the camera on a regular basis.  If you are like most who pick up the camera every now and again for those family gathers or the occasional trip this helps put you back on track.  If you use the camera frequently enough to know the ins and outs then perhaps you will know most of what is covered.
It's a classy pair.
8976	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The only reason i give it 4 stars it's because i only paid about 8 bucks for it but it's a toy...
This installs with no problem, I chose to uninstall the version I had first.
8720	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have been in photography for about 15 years, using Minolta X-700's - doing weddings, Snapshots, Nature photos, and I wanted a digital camera.  Looked at the olympus D460Z, pictures were a little flat. The Kodak Website  had sample photos which were very nice. Almost looked as good as My $700  Minolta camera!  I was sold.  Bought one, used it already for over 150  Photos and am very impressed. Quality is A-1 and ease of use, my wife,  computer challenged can use it and transfer pictures! Not a bad camera!  Macro is not like other cameras within this price range, but other features  and quality well make up for that shortcoming.

Also, these have got to be one of the most comfortable earphones you can ever find! If you've done the research on noise-cancelling headphones (like I have), you will find out that a lot of people complain about how a lot of noise-cancelling headphones are very uncomfortable to wear for a long time. Well, good news! These are very comfortable and you can wear them for a long period of time!
7009	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a new USB extension cable and all of the local options, such as Walmart were about $20.  After searching on line I found the Belkin cables through Amazon a very good price so I purchased 4 of them so that I would have some on hand for the future.  Basically I got 4 cables for about the price of one purchased locally.
3143	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	all perfect, thanks
2942	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MY OLD OR MY BRAND NEW LAPTOP.  BOTH WITH WINDOWS 7, OLD WITH STARTER, NEW WITH PROFESSIONAL.  BOTH HAVE VCL MEDIA PLAYER WHICH WORKS GREAT WITH EVERYTHING ELSE.  HAVE NOW WASTED OVER 4 HOURS TRYING TO INSTALL, HAVING TO UNINSTALL, INSTALLING AGAIN, ETC.  THING CANNOT EVEN LOCATE AND SIGN ONLINE WITH MY VERIZON BROADBAND.  WILL NOT SIMPLY PLAY UNLESS GETS CONNECTED ONLINE AT LEAST THE FIRST TIME.  IMMEDIATELY STARTS ON TRYING TO GET YOU TO UPGRADE ----- WHEN YOU CANNOT EVEN GET THE VERSION YOU BOUGHT INSTALLED AND MADE USUABLE.
3179	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Each client computer must install the sw manager from the included disk ( no download available) but it works great even with some odd printers ( zebra lp 2844).  Be aware that the device driver should be loaded before loading the print server sw.
282	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a useful book for those new to Apple laptops but it also has handy hints for those who have used Macs for a long time but never took the time to learn many of the features. That brings up one of the strong points about Macs -- they are so easy to use that you don't need to spend much time educating yourself on how to use them. Consequently it is easy to be unfamiliar with useful shortcuts and tools and even some of the fun features.
But neither man trusts Mary with money. Maybe they know if she has any she'll run away. They just give her enough to buy supplies to make meth and no more.

3870	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works...what more can you say about a SD card?
3315	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	work as expected
368	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	would order from again, A++++
6)  AC cord included (but not used most of the time.)
3538	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent buy!
Setup is a breeze if you have ethernet cards installed already.  Even if you do not have cards installed already there are instructions to walk you through step by step.
6051	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a good, solid adapter that works as it is supposed to.  I found it to be a bit pricey at about $10.00 for what should be a $6.00 or $7.00 product so the value is not quite what it should be. Nonetheless, I'm satisfied and the only reason I did not give it a 5-star rating is because of the value.

5176	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This product does not have caller ID and makes a hissing sound that is irritating. I bought it from BuyAccessories, who were
7373	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A+

8211	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When you need a hub and not a switch, this is what you need. It is perfect for running Wireshark. At this price I should have bought an extra one. The one I received works great and looks brand new with no scratches or scuffs.
7581	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	best for your money
Enter Nook Touch.  WOW.  This thing has a top notch interface... they totally put their minds and heart into this one...  it is PERFECT.  Touchscreen makes a world of a difference, and enables the slick interface that allows you to browse the store, personal library, and more.  On-screen Buttons and finger gestures make the magic happen, and this is one device you are sure to LOVE TO USE.  The screen is the new Pearl, so it looks just as good as the Kindle, with the added benefit of touchscreen!

Here, they are fair priced......of course I would have liked them for like $2.99 each but whatever.
1274	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Nook is the best e-reader yet. It replaces the keyboard on the Kindle with a color touch screen about the size of the iPhone display. This makes it easy to maneuver between  the store, your library, your current book, the daily (with messages, newsletters, and other free content), and settings. The LCD display changes from menu items to images of book covers to a keyboard as needed, and then turns off when reading.
7601	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great.  Performs as expected and the 15' length solved my problem.  Great price too!
2654	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just got the dual usb car charger day before yesterday and i love the quality of the product. It fits perfectly and works great! I'm glad i can finally charge my phone while still being able to use my GPS
Cons:  Bigger than some.
4442	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These Mexwell Cd- cases I'm glad, that I  purchase them. I  had to replace cracked music cds, the I bought that were cracked.
was thinking of going for a 4k but price and reviews kept me with this guy, would rather have two of these than one of the other. would not hesitate to get another one!!
4131	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not the cheapest, but it does its job. I haven't used it yet but it came in new packaging and looks pretty decent.
Well made, no complaints.
685	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my best purchases so far. It was easy to install and position. Makes watch TV in bed enjoyable. Now my wife can read while I watch TV without disturbing each other.
5779	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does what it was supposed to do. It works well for the computer it was bought for. thank you.

The ONLY problem with this book was the editing could have been just a little better.  There were about a dozen words misspelled, and some sentences with a couple of words transposed.  The chapter headings mostly appeared at the bottom of the page, but these were minor minor annoyances.
I highly recommend any of Netgear's products.

Loading music:  Loading is quick thru the USB port.  I use  RealJukebox Plus (the one that costs money) along with an add-on to manage music loading and I am very happy with it.  I didn't like the Rio Audio Manager but it works fine.  Setup was a piece of cake.  Very intuitive and fast.
1) Register the Nook with Barnes and Noble,
2) The cables included are laughably short.  Under 3' each, if I recall.  We used some longer ones we had lying around.  For a quick test, sure, use the included cables.  But FYI you'll want to pick up some long ethernet cables unless you only want to use that laptop within 3 feet of any outlet!

2113	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The kids use it in the car to read.  They clip them on the seat ahead of them and shine it down on their books.
Although the title of this book is My MacBook, this book covers all of Apple's laptops - MacBook, the MacBook Pros and the MacBook Air in depth.
3608	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Amazing quality and storage capacity!
20	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great
5770	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love the water saving feature especially here in California.



6422	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great pack great price if you still have one of these becoming prehistoric devices, that still provide a good service. Great brand, great price
The two light settings are nice to have, and even the low "one bulb" setting is enough to see for typing, reading and writing. After looking at most of all the other choices, I wanted something small and still bright enough for what I needed. It's very flexible and built to last. Just one thing though, I've found that holding on to the USB side while you move it keeps it from putting too much stress on that end.

2934	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good
6345	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	product did not work just a waste of money
6195	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Quality of tape usage is extremely limited.
6127	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked good

8294	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased these with the thought that they would have a better distance viewing and still have the quality that the Bushnell 12x50 Permafocus had.  Not so.  They did have a great viewing capability but they would not focus.  If you used one eye you could see ok but they never would adjust correctly to view through both eyes. Not sure if it was just a defective pair or what. I returned them and will get another pair of the 12x50 permafocus Bushnells.  They work great.
Now, on the flipside... I personally don't like a black shiny bezel, and because its rounded it ensures reflection of the office lights in some portion of it.  I know a fine steel wool will matte that up perfectly (I mean perfectly, like it looks like its made that way!), but I don't want to do that until the warranty is expired or I get more comfortable they will last.  I am also not a huge fan of all the symbols like RoHS, WQXGA, etc.  That is a sticker, but there are some other graphics on there I could do without, not to mention "YAMAKASI" punches you in the face!  When I that stuff with the steel wool, I am guessing it won't look all that pro.  Maybe it will all come off.  Not a deal killer for me.
Con's: Really stretching here since this is a good deal: Instructions could use some help for the "novice" DIY'ers

3726	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	cables works fine from digital camera to tv.
7622	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wish there were one of these with the same circular design but a shorter cord.  I would buy more, if that were the case.

3900	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good product
My conclusion:  Macs are different. And 'different' doesn't have to mean frustrating. Read the book and take the plunge.
9959	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use it for a loaner and a spare.  It works like it should.
I ordered three of these, as every once and a while I need a shorty to run from wall connection to router, or router/wall to computer.
I tried get creative and purchased a gift card for my child but although this can create a credit on the child's account, B&N still requires a credit card to be on-file in order to 'unlock' the book.  By contrast, with the Kindle system, you simply buy a book through Amazon using any credit card (which does not have to stay active) and send it to an authorized device.  The Nook system, by comparison, is slow, clunky, and a massive security risk.

9757	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping and item just as described
Overall, Hollywood is Like High School With Money is a light, satisfying read. I highly recommend it as a fun escape.
1933	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works as expected.
4052	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	still works. 6 months in
5491	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product delivered on time and was exactly as advertised.
533	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This wall mount for my flat screen is just what I was looking for.  If you follow the instructions, it is pretty easy to install.  We installed it into a stud.  If feels very secure and the TV looks great in it's new spot on the wall.  I don't know why you would ever spend more for those overpriced ones, this works great and is a fantastic value!

8440	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased these to use with my Motorola 2-way radios. It is not the fault of the headset, but the radios. The VOX cuts off too much of the conversation before it opens the mic to make it worth while. Looks like I either change to the next higher technology or use press to talk.
942	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
After giving them a try, I find they work well ... they don't get the worst of the fingerprints off without a little extra help (or in my case, a "breath" on the DVD), but they get about 95 percent of the fingerprints off quickly and easily.  The material is lint free and works as advertised.  20 CD/DVD shaped wipes come per pack.  Being shaped like a DVD is just a gimmick.  I usually fold them in half or quarters before wiping, so if they were square-shaped (and thus had a little more material) it might actually be more helpful than being shaped like a circle.  The instructions say that each wipe can be re-used until it becomes visably dirty or worn, so you can clean multiple DVDs per wipe.
2010	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This covers the "more than the basics" of the camera and keeps the information at your fingertips.
The thing refuses to die! It doesn't have a case on it! The screen has a minor scratch or two, the bezel is a bit scratched/dinged but the tablet still works/speaker still works etc. I love the parental controls, too.
497	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	USED THIS TO PUT MY 26 INCH ON AND IT WAS AN EASY DO IT YOURSELF INSTALL AND IT WORKS AS DESCRIBED. BEEN USING IT FOR A COUPLE YEARS NOW WITHOUT ANY PROBLEMS.
4671	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Has a little hum, but the highs are crystal clear. Sounds as good as cd.

2782	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Bought mine at a Barnes and Nobles, and it did t even work right out of the packaging. It only lights up when it's plugged in, and after doing some research, it's something to do with the circuitry. Extremely annoyed that a brand new item doesn't work as advertised directly from the packaging.
1141	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This is replacing my Nook first edition (which in my opinion, is the best version by far) and while I like the size and feel of it, the operation leaves something to be desired. Page turns are not instantaneous and there is a weird, albeit brief flash of the screen every time I change pages. The page turn is actually faster on my first edition. I was also having issues with some books where I received an error when I tried to turn the page, almost like the page didn't exist. I would have to reset my nook, used the "Go To" function to skip to the page AFTER the one I wanted to read, and then go back a page just to pick up where I left off. And BN customer service is completely unhelpful when it comes to their slightly older e-readers, because everybody wants you to upgrade to their newest tablet editions with backlit screens. If I wanted to read books on a tablet, I would do that, but what I want is an e-ink ereader specifically for reading books. I have been a nook fan since the beginning and I still totally am. I really want to love this, but until BN works out their software issues, I just can't.

Wow "Them" with your incredible content!!.
4307	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This HDMI cable is perfect for sending image and video from my digital camera to my HDTV. Being told that it isn't necessary to spend outrageous money on HDMI cable has proven true. I now have several inexpensive HDMI cables that work perfectly. I would purchase additional cables from this seller in the future.
9180	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The DiamondRio500 works great!  My husband and I commute 200 miles each work day and because of this we enjoy listening to many audible books.
2061	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	exactly what I wanted
When get to change settings, say yes to make changes (admin with no password I think) and make static IP of whatever (192.168.1.112 for example) and save.
7769	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Seems to work fine

want to be online.
3725	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I was looking for. Bought it to use with my Canon camera but it works with so many other things. Quality seems good, the length is great, I am very pleased with this cable.
7190	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's just a neoprene wine bag / sleeve... but with the MD flag graphic... it's worth the $.  Color is vivid and the printing is crisp (no blur and bleed). Great for MAryland Pride gift-giving.
From a concise overview of the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mac-OS-X-10-6-Snow-Leopard/dp/B001AMHWP8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard</a>&nbsp;desktop, through initial configuration of network connections and email clients, and then into Apple's bundled applications,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/My-MacBook/dp/0789743035/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">My MacBook</a>&nbsp;was cleverly designed to rapidly raise the novice to a level of comfort and proficiency. Each page is laden with full-color images and short step-by-step instructions, teaching the reader exactly what he or she needs to know without unnecessary verbiage or technical detail. While clearly intended to be read start to finish, the book is very well indexed and organized, allowing the user to quickly find the solution to a particular problem if and when the need arises.
5772	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't seem to make any difference at all.  The brushes are teeny-tiny.  Really not worth the asking price.
1500	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have been an Amazon fan for a long time. My first attempt at owning a Kindle resulted in two failing devices for which I eventually obtained a refund.

Length: Novella
4246	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is good the only problem is that it is short.
8974	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I received this tripod for Christmas and I am totally delighted with it!  It comes with a case and is small and light enough for me to carry.  In just a few days use, it has made a difference on my low light level and non-flash photos.

8735	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So many people have written about the technical part of this wonderful camera. I agree with many of them. You won't feel bad about spending your $$$. I've shopped around and I've made my decison with confidence. (Yes,  you can find this item for less at other e-stores, but I trust Amazon, they  deliver promptly and their Customer Service is great!)  Some customers have  said that this camera eats batteries like crazy. It's only true when you  use the LCD monitor to TAKE pictures. If you use it  for reviewing (and  deleting) the pictures you have taken, it lasts a long, long time. I have  purchased my camera before Thanksgiving. It's December 12, and after taking  hundreds of pictures (most using flash), I am STILL using the batteries it  came with!  Lemme tell ya a little secret, if you do take pictures using  the LCD monitor, and you get the message that the battery is low, turn off  the camera, let it rest for a little while and turn it back on again. The  battery life will show full again! No need to change the batteries until it  tells you it's dead and you have been taking pictures using the viewfinder.  Now, it is not a bad idea to get yourself some rechargeable NiMH batteries.  I've seen many good comments about the brand MAHA. Also, I have seen great  reviews on MAHA's charger model MH-C204F. Some people have mentioned them  here. But I didn't know where to purchase them from. So here you go. For  more info on the MAHA products, go to Maha-comm website. And to purchase  these two products, check out Thomas-distributing's website (sorry I can't  include the exact web addresses according to the reviews guidelines, but it  isn't hard to figure out). For around $50 I got the charger and 8 NiMH  batteries. Now you can go on the road and not worry about your batteries  dying or where to purchase them.  It's a lot of fun to have a digital  camera and take hundreds and hundreds of pictures knowing you don't have to  pay for developement or wait to finally see your pictures. Just download  them and enjoy or use the video cable to see your photos on your TV. Or  just use the LCD monitor! :)  -- From a happy Olympus/Amazon customer. :)
29	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent!  delivery was immediate.

6524	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect preparation, product of high quality and to shared in common prices. The salesman gave the product he offered as it, would return to him to buy in the future.
Older Precision Pro models will need a completely different way to become USB capable. And did not include an adapter at all. They have no internal USB circuits.
-compact
Replacable battery
 getting books from Sony ADE
Hello
As a left-handed person, I cannot give an opinion on that.  However, I can say that it's not possible to flip the cover around to put the Kindle on the left and the notepad on the right.  While the Kindle could be rotated and mounted that way, the notepad itself is secured by sliding its back cover into a slit near the top of the inside front cover.  The notepad cannot be inserted "upside down".
5264	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have owned and used quite a few radios down through the years.  I have used everything from expensive and feature laden "communication receivers" down to tiny inexpensive "portable" receivers.
5884	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good product, cleans ur dvd or cd player well
8181	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a cable, it transfers data. Not much else to say about it. The price was right for the length that it was and connects my new desktop to the router.
6073	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This product is a wast of money,it is not thing but a cd disc with some soft brushes on it for to spinning around trying to clean the cd player laser eye and this cd disc thing can't clean the laser eye at all. Most portable cd player this day are lid open anyway. You properly can clean the laser eye with a cotton swab with a dip of a little rubbing alcohol. That what I used this product for.
I am cheapskate, so I very rarely buy a book - instead I borrow them from the library. Occasionally though I need to buy a book that is not available in the library at all, or in a digital format, or I need it for more than 21 days (as when I travel overseas), so I end up just buying two digital books from Barnes and Noble for my Nook. Had Amazon not been so afraid of loosing sales by supporting library digital books (a groundless fear IMO), I would've bought those two books from Amazon for my Kindle, instead of from their underdog competitor Barnes and Noble !
1130	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was purchased to replace an older, defective, Simple Touch reader. It performs well and I am very satisfied with it.
8719	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the best camera I have seen for the price. It has tons of features. I would highly recommend getting a Compact Flash Card Reader, so you don't drain your batteries on the camera xfering. Also the Kodak Batteries are the best I have ever used. I would recommended getting the 2 hour rapid charger kit, you will get another set of batteries and be able to charge one set and use another.
8470	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've had the opportunity to compare the Grundig YB400PE to several premium radios, the Tivoli PAL, the Sony ICF SW35, the Grundig S35, the Sangean 505, and the Kaito 1102. How does it rank? It ties for second with the aforementioned radios for FM. First place goes to the Kaito 1102. For AM, it takes a tie for last place with the Sangean 505. Even the reception strength meter shows a weak signal for 790 AM, a major Los Angeles station. In contrast, my Kaito 1102's meter shows "full strength" in its signal. And you can hear a HUGE difference too. The YB 400 does have a good speaker, clear and adequate for a radio its size, but it's not exceptional. I'd give the nod to the Kaito 1102. Since the Kaito 1102 is similarly sized and is fifty dollars cheaper than the YB400, I say it's a no brainer: Get the Kaito 1102.
6927	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This makes it much easier to plug and unplug USB devices.  Also allows me to play on my device while it remains plugged in. I measured it to be sure and it is 6 feet and an inch - so they did not short me on the length at all.  I recommend this quality product.

1625	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This book will teach you some advanced topics on the Chromebook and also go over the basics.  It is not the best book I've got on the subject, but it did not hurt.
9546	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I put the tape into my label printer, and it works fine.
nook review:

9612	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect.
3889	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for the convenience of hooking up the HDMI port on my Canon camera to my HDMI tv. The length is just enough to sit back and scroll through your pictures (back and forth) at your own speed. Plugging the memory stick into the tv works as well; but you're stuck using the TV's slide show or other program to view.
9155	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have an old 2008 MacBook with a super drive that started to not be able to read CDs or DVDs.  It would just eject them almost every time.  I tried the Lens Cleaner and WOW, works just like new. Thanks Maxell.

4539	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	When I pressed play the counter did not move and I didn't think it was working at first but the video head was cleaned well and plays well.
6203	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	'Snagless' ..I thought is was a flat wound cable or something, but it's just a regular cable and overpriced at that.
Long extension keeps your hand from heat. I have looked high and low for this again. Incredibly simple to use.
I liked this so much that I bought an identical light in silver. I attached it to my wrought iron headboard and it works nicely when I want to read a book at night.
Tom

Hope this helps.

3064	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this thing way more than I thought I ever would. Great little product, can be a pain if your USB ports are to close together.
8942	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These where exactly what I needed for my blu-ray player. The price was great and could not be beat at any store that I looked at.

8829	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The Grundig G2000A is like the pre-TV series Anna Nicole Smith:  hot looks, feels great, but not something you want to have around day in and day out.
3851	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Premium Canon Mini HDMI Cable is a great fits for my Canon Camera.  It is good low prices for a long 10ft cable.  I recommend it.
1570	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I fawned over an ereader for a long time before purchasing one.

203	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to display some vintage photos that my father had taken while overseas during the Korean War. I dissplay it side by side with the camera he used. Love it. Great quality for the very reasonable price! Exactly what I expected.
6938	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought a couple for my computer and for my cell phone so i can use it in my bed.
I loved that the author explores this issue in an honest and fortright manner - especially through the character of Quinn - which I pretty much hated for much of the book, but also thought was pretty true to the storyline.
7773	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast, works, great.
620	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	mounted correctly the first time - very easy - good support - would recommend to all - lots of features
There are a lot of books available at the moment (depending what genre you read) especially for teen and sci-fi and fiction (my books), and I was surprised to see all of the 'lend me features' for a good portion of the books I was interested in. Also B&N really listens to complaints and proves that with upgrades (faster page turning, less freezing etc.)Also even when there was a manufacturing error, they were quick to send out a new improved nook. Overall, I love this device, it's fun, its sleek with a solid feel, and it's open-ended for future updates.


Edit (11/7/17): This is still working great, but would like to add how to use it, or how I have to use it.
3893	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say - it works at a fraction of the price Canon wants.  I would buy again.  Prompt delivery. Useful product to review photos on HDTV.
-The instructional videos online are very helpful in getting started with the Nook.
5289	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I had the original version of this radio which I used to capture an FM station in Ann Arbor, about 40 miles from here. It was in all respects a great radio. So I bought this one expecting at least equal performance. But I was sorely disappointed.  Not only can I not get the Ann Arbor station (for which reason I bought the radio) I cannot recieve the local NPR Station, one of the strongest FM signals broadcast in Detroit.  I have tried many things including adding an FM antenna but the problem persists. I think  the problem must be laid to GE's uneven manufacturing quality.
4565	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have an older 2003 VW, with just a CD player, FM/AM radio, and cassette.  I wanted to hook up my FiiO X1 digital music player so that I can play my WMA and FLAC lossless music files (songs) in my car.  This Maxell adapter not only works perfectly, it actually sounds great too!  I am pleasantly surprised at how full and dynamic the music sounds, essentially CD quality!  My ONLY gripe would be that the adapter itself often makes a low-level squeaky noise while it is working, which I can sometimes hear on low passages.  If Maxell fixes this issue, this adapter would easily be '5 stars'!

1269	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Let just start off by saying that I have tried the Kindle and although an OK hardware device, the interface was terrible.  It felt like the early days of the internet, with textual interfaces, underlined words, fiddling with buttons and keyboard to navigate, and all sorts of annoyances that got in the way of reading and enjoying the device. We returned it within 3 days.
423	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I mounted my 42" Sony that weighs in around 35 pounds to this and it worked perfectly.  I had to tighten the bolts that swivel the tv up and down as it kept "slipping" downward on me - but no big deal: I didn't need it to swivel like that anyhow.  Very well built and secure - I trust my daughter standing under it if I had to.
7534	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as intended. Love the spaced out plugs.
5148	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These old camera tapes are hard to find! I tried walmart walgreens and best buy and no Ione had them anymore! Which is aweful because how could I use my camcorder? Shipping was fast and all tapes were enclosed in original packaging! Was perfect for me!
5256	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I recieved it in a timely maner . It is just what I expected and performs well.
1002	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had a 32GB SDXC I use in my Samsung Galaxy S3 & S4. I've filled it up with pictures and movies. I'm always on the go and don't have the time to sort through what to keep and what to store on my computer. I oreded the 64GB SDXC, it shipped fast and hasn't failed me yet. Works awesome. I recommend it.
...but when you ROOT the thing it gets even better!
7911	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This patch cable is very well made,unlike many of the generic brands. I you want high quality in electronics,you might want to spend a little more and get the best!
2120	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like that it came with a battery. It's light weight yet powerful. My kids love to play with it! I find that it's a tad too bright to read in bed when I share the bed with them but other than that it's great.
bells & whistles: kindle - text to speech is incredibly helpful for dyslexics and others. plays mp3s. x-ray is pretty cool.


I will be buying another for my Note 2014, and expect to have the same good experience.  Thank You!
 Free coupons, discounts, and food monthly via nook
I have returned the case back to Amazon and have gone back to the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Marware-Eco-Vue-for-iPad/dp/B003C1CCJG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Marware Eco-Vue for iPad</a>. This out of all the cases I have use is the best for my personal situation. I wanted to like the Moleskine case but it just didn't work for me and I still can't find replacement notepads. Sorry Moleskine, perhaps revision 2 will be the one for me, but so far your case didn't meet my expectations.
THE GOODS
CONS:
237	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was a well developed story with characters that gave me clear feelings of sympathy, empathy, impatience and disdain. Mary Beth had a strong if rough beginning, when she finally remembered the grounding of faith she had been raised in, she tried to find her way back. When she finally got away from the environment she was living in, she was drawn back to the church and because of a prayer request from a lonely child she became involved in the life of her family.
I have one of these at home which I use all the time since I come and go with my laptop. We also have a couple of them in the "war room" at work which is convenient for people who come in with their laptops and devices and set up just for the day. Worth every penny.


5616	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great

When first assistant Kylie Arthur sabotages Taylor at the first opportunity she almost gets fired. That's when Taylor realizes that Hollywood is just like high school. If you're not in, no one wants to be your friend.
5120	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am a little bit worried that this product is going to become obsolete, but our family still uses tape to film our greatest moments.
4197	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The order was filled quickly and worked great. The only issue was my old multicard reader would not read due to size or speed or something. The more recent reader used with my laptop read it fine. It worked perfectly in the Garmin Nuvi 750 for which it was purchased.
3062	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	this blew up my laptop as soon as I plugged it in. Perhaps this particular unit had a defect or something, I don't know, but if you order one, be very careful with it.

Very helpful! (very helpful indeed! it helps me record all those NY Mets games!)
3884	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I already used this on my recorder. I got this at the right price. Everything here is reasonable and a person can't go wrong.

Belkin is a reputable supplier but this cable got just 1 star for my application.
That said, it is clear that some readers will find the style more annoying than rewarding. In my case, there were a couple of instances in which I started to get a little frustrated (this is the main reason why I took away a star) but luckily, the story has several good traits that allowed me to pull out of this state pretty quickly.
7337	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works great
232	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	What a shock I had when I started reading this.  None of the reviews mentioned that this was filled with erotica.
9269	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The prices for Brother's Labeling Tape on Amazon have gone down significantly from when they where first available on Amazon. Now that they are much more competitively priced, I wouldn't get them anywhere else but here on Amazon.
It mainly articulates side-to-side and in-and-out.  It'll pivot a bit up and down, but that's limited.
2359	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for pricing.
You can purchase with confidence.
381	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works great
7158	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I read the reviews about how there's too much static when used on a phone line...I wouldn't know. I only bought this thing to get a credit on my DISH network bill. (They don't tell you they charge per month if you don't have it plugged into a phone line, just that you get a credit each month if you do.) For one year, it doesn't pay, but for a 2-YR contract, it pays itself off after the first year. So, since I didn't have any phone lines anywhere near by, this thing works just fine for what I need.
8156	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cat 5e cables are Cat 5e cables, for the most part. But quality does show when you compare the lowest quality products to the highest ones. This cable has solid sheathing and well built ends which will probably last for many years even in somewhat abusive situations.
7620	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These Belkin category 5e cables are well made. They are a good overall gauge thickness and the snag less ends are very beneficial. You may have experienced the problem of untangling a phone cord, only to have the clip on the end bend over or worse yet snap off. The next time you use that cord it doesn't have anything to keep it in the wall. Well what Belkin did with these snag less cables was put twin ridges made out of a rubbery plastic, that puts the snap in clip in a valley down below the ridges. So if you are untangling, those ridges prevent other wires from snagging the clip. That is a great idea. That is not enough to make you want to buy the cable, if it weren't for the fact that it is overall a great cable. The seven-foot length is good for a small patch area, like when connecting your modem to a router, or when your cable or DSL modem and/or router are right next to your computer.
Belkin International, Inc., is a American manufacturer of computer hardware that specializes in connectivity devices, headquartered in Los Angeles, California. I feel all warm and fuzzy supporting a American company.
I feel like the focus was too much on sex and not enough on the characters and forging a romance. The sex scenes were very long and drawn out, and the characters spent very little time interacting with each other outside of the sex. I am not prudish - I like my romance novels to have sexy time in them - but this just felt like those porno movies that try to have a plot but really shouldn't bother because people only watch them for the sex. There wasn't a lot of plot or character depth here.


1799	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	4-4.5 stars
1975	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the way it's color coded.
9045	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	used this to clean my DVDs and it worked ok.  Good buy
9728	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent purchase. Great product.
1201	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	While it doesn't have a light and its screen has been far surpassed by other readers throughout the years. However since it uses android you can easily root it and install apps that allows you to read Kindle books and pretty much anything else your heart desires. Even can play Angry Birds if you really wanted to.
Most of the reviews are glowing. But what they don't say is that B&N has this WiFi connectivity problem very commonly with the Nook Simple Touch. Even the B&N Forum has many references to the problem.
All in all I would recommend the Nook to anyone who lives near a Barnes and Noble. I am just not quite sure I could recommend it over and above the Kindle at the moment. Perhaps if and when they expand their book selection that could change.
856	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great
6126	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought for grandson to provide connection from old gamepad to computer
Another use is to use it when you need a temporary connection, let's say in a party or at work, doing the connection is a matter of seconds, not minutes.
 Removable/replaceable battery
6635	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My Ethernet wire broke. (the wire I used to connect my Verizon Modem to my Linksys Router) so I got this one and it works fine.  I would have liked them to specify "Ethernet" in the description cause I'm not familiar with the terminology and wasn't sure it was the same wire I had that needing replacing.  I finally looked up CAT5e on the web and found a site that called it an Ethernet wire so I came back here and bought it.

364	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I'm not sure how I did it, but miraculously I was able to attach this assembly to the back of my 55" LG.  Fortunately, this thing was meant to adapt to nearly unlimited orientations and configurations, so after a lot of finagling, I was able to position the arms so that they did not interfere with my power plugs or HDMI cable.
I was also quite surprised when  to find that his cover appears to be a genuine Barnes and Noble product.  It came in a nice box that has lots of Barnes and Noble identification, and a price tag showing a Barnes and Noble list price that is almost 4 times what I paid here at Amazon.
3346	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
5822	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
4274	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	happy
UPDATE, SELLER DOES NOT STAND BEHIND THEW GARBAGE THEY SELL BUYERS BEWARE!!!!

Much to my surprise, they were extremely receptive at the store and also very apologetic for the device's inability to function properly outside the States and also the lack of functionality and propietary issues. I was refunded for all the items (Nook, cover case and screen protector) in no time at all.

4498	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Brother had no complaints
6942	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing amazing to say here but the product works exactly how you would want it to.  Belkin is always a good brand so you can't go wrong especially at this price. :)
Full Disclosure:
9079	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Did the job
9353	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this label maker so obviously I love the labels it uses...

4319	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	woked as expected for my canon t3. I used it to display photos as I shot them during an amateur shoot
1238	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The "newest model" is the Nook Simple Touch with Glowlight, and not this model.  It may be the newest without a light, but it's not the "newest".
The BA unit kept returning an error message, "CD ?"  after one was inserted.  This cleaner, used one time, fixed the problem.  Problem hasn't occurred again, in more than a year.
6586	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really thought about buying a crimper, cable, and ends but after adding up the cost it was cheaper to just buy premade cables since I didn't need very many. This cable works fine for my needs.
9476	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great labels that are made for the machine. And a much cheaper price than the local office supply store.
257	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a story of God's love, of Providence, redemption, forgiveness, and God's preserving power.
9208	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The documentation to get started is sketchy at best. I almost took the unit back and thought it was flawed because I could not get it to download to the recorder. Ripping from a CD is fast, and downloading is also fast,  but it appears that battery life might be a problem since it shows  considerable use after a couple of hours. I also have a mini disk player  and will not throw this away since it is more flexible in repeating songs  and the disks aren't that big that they are a pain to carry. In essence,  the price may be a bit high, but the quality is great and the unit is nice  to carry. I am not sorry that I bought it since it is nice to download  songs right from the net. Jim
One of those great beach read/end of summer books that you love to read.
2861	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
2295	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased two for these for my Sony digital point and shoot camera because the original ones died.  They work very well and are listed at a good price, certainly much less than the replacement Sony batteries.

6349	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Initially I went to a chain box store and purchased a 3 foot CAT 5e. The price was $14.99. Then they pushed an extended warranty. Needless to say I returned it once this one arrived. Pay $1.66 or $14.99? That's a no brainer.
2559	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works great and charges ipads, tablets, smartphones as well as bluetooth speakers and headsets. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a universal car charger.
This is a great bang for the buck, due to overall heavy duty construction, and great commo performance.

4927	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used these before and they work great.  The price is fantastic compared to buying at a retail store!

When in need of this type mount again I will certainly purchase this brand/model again.
2549	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item works well. It was shipped quickly and arrived on time. My kid kicked it in the car and it fell apart but that's definitely not normal usage.

Range is pretty limited in handheld mode, but that's to be expected. I am able to use it this way in the car and speak to other vehicles that are basically within sight. In a field and across a parking lot, it works great. I have not had it in the woods much yet, but I will post an update when I have.
6547	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Accidentally broke the cover to my toilet tank and this replacement is an exact match.  Very good price too.  Glad I didn't have to replace the whole tank.
Worth a read!
170	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
4355	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this cord to charge my phone in my pc at work and it works great. Doesn't charge super fast but charges it none the less.
1583	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great tablet for the money. Does everything I want it to do and it also works as a great remote for the tv and stereo.
Cons:
7987	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exceeded the use for what  I needed .... Very good cord for the price .... The "5e" is for extra heavy duty wire gauge.
6529	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used these VHS Tapes before and the quality is great each time.  I will buy these the next time for making copies.  Darryl

4437	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These cases are what used to be called "Top Shelf Stuff". They are strurdy. There were,No Scratched cases,or,damaged cases,at all. They were packaged right,and the quality of the plastic is good. I finally found a source of Cases that,I can rely on,for both Quality,and fair price.
2. Wifi Connectivity:

-able to have the radio on low and still be able to hear everything (keep in mind of the noise around you)
Recommend this tape to anyone, just know what You are buying. If the picture doesn't match the description, ask which one is correct.
4247	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
I've found that with our tripod, the Nikon 950 also  takes perfect Ipix pictures. (Whether you want to buy their stupid keys or  not is a different story.) The battery life doesn't seem to be too long,  but I don't even find that worth complaining about. If the 990 is even  slightly improved from this one, it must be the absolute top of the line.
3275	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price, have not checked speeds because all I use it for is my phone.
6368	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this ended up being alot shorter than what i needed but i'm sure i will find some use for it in the future, very nice looking and well put together
The snagfree design is better than I've seen on many others. It doesn't cover the tab itself making it hard to release like other cables. I found it quite neat that it just has guards on both sides of the tab that extend a bit past the end of it so that things can't (easily) snag on the tab and still be very easy to depress when you want to disconnect the cable.
Pros:
5976	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered several 30 cables. Every cable worked well and I had no issues.
757	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great fast shipping  recomend to others

2406	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ok
products like these keep you on top of your GTD implementation!
I think you also need to experiment with things like shutter speed to get the maximum picture out of the camera. I have had very mixed results with closeups but blame myself for not having gotten the hang of this yet.
aboutfacts.org
9699	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This label tape works well with my label maker.  I highly recommend buying the replacement here vs. at a physical store where you will pay so much more for the same item.
3084	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this external dvd for my mini dell.
8447	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	They work only marginally sound quality combined with a Motorola Radio is poor an unusable in my application (Motorcycle) above 45 MPH.

7780	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works just fine.
Its a great wallet case with solid build quality, there are no imperfections and it keeps your Note 3 completely protected while being premium, inexpensive, and a folio sort of case. Personally, I want to keep using it just for the pockets, at the same time I prefer not to since it makes it less plausible to pull out my phone and just use it. I want something purely to protect my Note 3, like the Slim Armor View case or something to be slim and offer quick access while adding some slick stylish protection, like other flip covers - this is a great hybrid between the two.
2892	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well with the H-P Mini to play DVDs, listen to music CDs, etc.
8249	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This is an OK unit, and if you want the nifty remote control learning feature (it switches source whenever it detects you using a remote for a differnt source) BUT it forces you to have all s-vhs or all composite/rca connection NOT a mixture as is the case for nearly all of us. For example, your DVD player will have s-vhs but your vcr is 99% likely to only have composite/rca. This box does not convert composite/rca to s-vhs. (...)


2810	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
4181	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have had great luck with Kingston products in the past, but this did not work with my Garmin GPSMap 60Cx GPS receiver. So, I sent it back.

7330	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The configuration of my office made it impossible for my cpu and monitor to be close enough together to use the existing cables. So, I purchased these extension cables and they work beautifully. They were the exact same product as sold in stores for 3 times the cost and there is no loss of function. I would recommend this product to others needing just a little more length in those cables.
This unit was charging my galaxy note battery with 70 ma.
7437	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I'll admit it, I bought the case (the metallic blue one too!) just because it was sexy. It does a good job protecting my Palm Vx, but the case doesn't seem sturdy. There also seems to be a problem where the contrast button at the top of the Palm Pilot gets pressed by the case, this can be fixed by sliding the Palm just a hair. Overall, this case rocks, very glad I got it, the metallic blue one is better though, I get many compliments and good looks from it. Buy It!
They don't last forever-- about a year or two of active daily use seems about par, then they suddenly die. So do have some replacements on hand. At this price, no problem.
Last thing  to say to whom never touched a digital camera, you must know how the camera  works and how and when it take good or even excellent  pictures.
1585	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome  little tablet. It's a work horse. Has handled everything  I throw at it.

3130	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased from 24hourdispatch-Global and it arrived quickly.  The microphone was readily accepted by my iPod touch 3G and allows me to make Voice Memos.  I also tried it for a Skype call and it works!  Note other reviewers have noted you can't both have it in the iPod touch to use as a microphone and hear sound from the speakers - this is a limitation of the iPod touch, and I refuse to give this item a negative review based on the limitations of the iPod touch like so many others have.  You CAN use it to make a Skype call, and both speak into the microphone and hear through the speakers if you set the call to "speaker," either when making or receiving a call.  It's about the size of a very large pill.  I'm very pleased with the seller and the item.
It's bad enough they didn't bother with a lefty unit, but I can handle flipping it around (and having my iPad home button on top).  And I can handle that once flipped the strap works the opposite of all other Moleskine products (since back is now front).  But to have Moleskine expect me to start at their upside down logo all day is more than I'm willing to settle for on such a pricey item.  I'm ANGRY that I waited for so long for a product with such a silly flaw.
6975	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This extension cable is working as it should. Pretty heavy duty, and I have it outside in a screened-in area. The data transfer is still fast, as soon as it's plugged in computer detects it. Would buy more, possibly longer though.
9397	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a standard replacement cartridge for my P-touch unit.  Fits and works properly as expected.  Will purchase more as needed.
This is a very nice radio, well worth every penny I spent on it.  Hope this review helps.
6456	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good wire and also great seller, I honestly haven't tired it yet, because I thought I was going to need to use  for my modem &  router but both products came with their own wires . which was great , so I guess I will keep this one a side , but from what I can see its a good quality for a good price .
5611	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Same review from me as for the Case Logic Cable Ties.  These are fine, but because they're only grippy on about an inch at the end, they really only work well on larger cables, like power cords and ethernet cables, etc.  I wanted them to wrap up all the little headphone and micro usb cables that I have cluttering my backpack.  And these definitely are not good for those size cables.  The colors are nice and will help you corral cables at your desk.
6907	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A 10 foot USB extension may seem like it is too long but I find I use it all of the time.  I mostly use it next to my bed connected to a wall charger to charge my iPod touch.  The next available outlet is just out of reach for the supplied charging cord and the long extension allows me to route the cable out of the way so that I don't trip over it if I get up in the dark.
Keep in mind that it's not designed or sold as a hi-fi radio. It's not stereo, and the speaker is not large enough to provide a wide frequency response. But for its size and shape, it's as loud and clear as it can possibly be.
2453	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	does what it should and it has a lovely blue coloured light!
9956	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I received the Midland 75-822 CB Radio for Christmas of 2016. I love this radio, its extremely versatile.
9916	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  Make sure you have the correct size - there are at least 2 different size tapes (M & TZ) and they are not interchangeable.
158	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.  The original burn out, how I don't know.  But I needed a new one fast vey fast.

2629	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works as expected. Nice little thing. The dual charger is really helpful and the charger itself as a very small profile.
9011	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This being my first foray into the DVD format, I chose Panasonic because of the high regard I hold their products, and this certainly didn't let me down.  With picture quality that rivals the higher priced models, it's the  perfect choice for thos who want to join the DVD revolution, yet don't have  the budget to dish out $1000.

9223	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not being a computer or camera "pro" I needed something easy to use. I looked at the reviews for the product here at Amazon. I decided to buy the F83 model. This model allows for a 15 second "movie". Boy  do I like it. I like the ease of the Floppy disk. The quality is fine for  my needs. The battery lasts a long time. A camera bag is a necessity since  the LCD screen marks easily. I recommend the camera to anyone wanting a  digital camera that is easy to use. Thanks Amazon for providing the  reviews, and thanks to those other individuals who made the reviews. I  found them very helpful.
1335	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. I was on the hunt for an imexpensive tablet / ereader and because if the brand and price point i decided to try this one and I am completely please. it doesnt take long to fully charge. i haven't timed it but the battery lasts a reasonable amount of time i think 6hrs if not more and i mean with continuous use. The images are bright, its possible to use it in direct sunlight with minimum glare. its durable. The only issue that i noticed is that it lags on websites with a lot of images. nevertheless i am happy with the nook and i would recommend it to everyone.
586	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great... kind of a pain to install it took two guys and some power tools... and a lot of measuring... make sure you follow directions... also I didn't need all the hardware it came with, come one guys... not trying to make my walls swiss cheese. sheesh.
the advent of Google Play,  Nook is definitely a major player.
>>>>>>><<<<<<<
6132	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As promised.
So, beware, the operation of the unit is uncertain.
8203	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This NIC is very robust as it is easily installed in any Windows computer or even a Linux box.  Netgear's website is done very well, in which you can get tech support issues resolved quite easily.
8856	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The only reason I didn't give this 5 starts is because I'm having a problem finding a place to hang it.  NOT a product problem, it's an issue with me and my vehicle (I don't want to block vents by attaching this to the passenger area in front.  Also note mine came with a webbed, adjustable strap - not the string setup in the picture.
Pros: Attractive styling, excellent construction, good feel without adding significant weight.
9103	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works  great  but  the  cases  got  smashed

8948	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to buy a good cable, not a cheap one and this one seems to be made well and is working good.
5951	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well, bought a bunch
7942	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a cable. It was the right size and did its job. Perfect.
4370	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This cable works great, price is right.  Would love one a little longer and a little thicker for home use.  Great for car use since it is thin.
Excellent product, especially from the price!
7121	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love it
3146	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great little device for turning an old USB connected printer into a network enabled one.
4892	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	bad unit doesn't work crooked tape
2148	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice, small booklight.
8221	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For just a simple 10 Mbps hub, this is an excellent one for the price. It is compact and sturdy, especially with the metal casing. Link and status lights are handy along with the Normal/Uplink switch. No software installation needed - plug the power in and the CAT cables and you're all set!
None. I would recomend this Product to anyone who has a Great cd Player to clean.
-good AM/MW
1396	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Now, I love the NOOK. After I changed it to an Android System. Bought "AndroidForNook 32GB Jelly Bean Dual-Boot". Tons of free Apps now! You can buy 8 ~ 16 ~ 32 GB cards for the change. And, you download "Nook for Android" (through Google Play) then you have all the books, etc... that you purchased on NOOK!!  It's the best of both worlds, then. Just do it - It's so much better!!

1439	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Have no idea why people love this thing so much, you can't load any applications unless they are from the Barnes & Noble store and you can't even download the free version of Angry Birds.

Why i give it 5 star ? because this small cable solved all the complexity for people who travels for vacation with bunch of SD card and did not want to bring their laptop to review the pictures taken from their camera
- weird hole in the design - why??
7270	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are just what I wanted last Christmas, but I could not find them.  So when I saw them on Amazon I bought ahead for next xMas.  They are very pretty, and look to be quite well made.  If I have any problems using them I will update.
181	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works, which is more than I can say for the $2 one I ordered first. :)
3394	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked exactly as it should in my Samsung Galaxy 4.
6914	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin products are known for quality and reliability. This came promptly from Amazon and is doing what it is supposed to do.

2415	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
It was designed for you to buy their books. but I think the prices of most books are not low enough for me to purchase e version. I would rather buy some hard copies instead. However, one of my children loves the classical books which are free or only one dollar each. She is happy with the books.
6947	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cord is great. Works well and is plenty long enough to suit my needs. No problems with this item.

4621	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good quality.
5796	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	TAPES WORK GREAT
The Nook accepts epub books; which means that you can get books from a variety of stores, not just Barnes & Noble. I found that between the B&N store and Google Books, you can get all of the classics for free. No reason to pay for one of those ever again. Download Adobe Digital Editions to put books on from other places; including borrowed books from the public library.
5408	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have the tools needed to make my own Ethernet patch cables, but for $12, I opted to just buy this 50' cable and be done with it. The cable is high quality and the connectors are strong and molded in. So for less than 25 cents a foot, I have just what I needed.
4398	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works!
3709	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not bad
1152	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	After nearly six years my first generation Nook finally gave out. It had been a steady and faithful (if slightly huge) companion and my first foray into the world of e-books. I tried using the Nook app for my Nexus 7 tablet but unlike the Kindle app, it was unwieldy and rather user-unfriendly. Not to mention needing the internet to actually READ the books I already bought. So I figured it was time to invest in another Nook--the Simple Touch.  No bells and whistles. Just a good, basic touchscreen e-reader with a very clear screen.  It's a fairly light little machine, weighs about the same as my Kindle. There are two aspects that makes Nook superior to Kindle: one is the expandable memory card slot. I've always liked the ability to add e-books from other vendors to my Nook. The second is the ability to customize screensavers.  Yes, it seems like such a minor thing, but I just like the personalization. I'm on Day Two of my new Nook and so far I like it.
3207	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
2355	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very satisfied
2220	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed for my remote control (a little light!)...Nice deal!
3746	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable makes viewing my photos on my big screen so easy. Now it's easy to preview the details of each photo before downloading onto my hard drive.
6150	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I connect a long ethernet wire to TP-LINK TL-SF1005D 5-port 10/100Mbps Desktop Switch which inturn uses 3 of these belkin ethernet cables to connect all my devices and they work perfectly.
9996	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great Item! Highly recommend!
Books are an old-fashioned type of entertainment, and while the Kindle tries to make reading and literature just another tacked on 21st century technological piece of unrelatable modernized hardware, the Nook walks the perfect line of bringing the "old-fashioned" hobby of reading to a hipper style for the 21st century without taking away the studious professionalism of reading or disrespect the art of literature either. The transition is so much smoother on the Nook that you'll forget you're even reading off of an electronic device.
1704	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Once again, Ms. Jeppsen weaves a mesmerizing tale that is difficult to put down. I was pulled into this story early on, and was astonished at the imagination the author infused into her writing. The vampires in this story are fully realized, unique creations. These entities have existed and evolved throughout the ages along-side Homo Sapiens; powerful, secretive predators of man. Now, facing likely extinction due to mankind's relentless poisoning of the environment, there has a arisen an insane, yet forceful and charismatic leader of an outlaw band of rogue vampires. This group despises humanity, and is ruthless as it leaves an unprecedented trail of destruction in its wake. The past and the present intertwine as the drama unfolds in spectacular fashion. In the present, a loving couple and two heroic men become caught up in the age-old battle.
5840	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on Time.
Compared to cheaper units I have tried this is the best. I really like that it has a on / off switch and has two brightness settings.
-too short for anything other than cables, again not a real con but it would be great to see a similar product with more length.
766	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works great- you don't even need the power source. And yes, it works for my phone swimmingly. I just wish it worked with my tablet as well.
6665	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These are a good size and nice and soft--they work well on Blu-ray discs with scuffs and fingerprints and slightly less well on DVD's and CD's which do not have the protective coating that Blu-ray discs have.  You might need to use an alcohol based cleaning solution with these to clean some CD's and DVD's.  As for scratches, these won't do much, if anything except on Blu-rays where surface scratches can generally be buffed away.  These are good but recognise their limitations before purchasing.
At this price, the cable is a bargain. For some reason, I've seen CAT 5 cable of this length sell for more than $25.00 in brick-and-mortar stores (and one time I had to pay the extortionate price because I was in a pinch).
1) I don't feel the books are mine. I paid for them. I should have full access to them.
3295	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good product performance and price.  SanDisk is a reliable brand. I'm very satisfied with the product.
8194	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Others have written about poor manuals and shoddy components.  This might be true.  I'm not a beginner with network software or hardware but I'm hardly a pro either.  I had zero problems installing this (manual seemed  fine to me) and haven't had any problems using it since.  BTW I use it to  hook into my DSL connection.  If it didn't work I'd just send it back  (Amazon's always been great about this).  And the price is just too hard to  pass up.

> Neither the USB plug cover nor the battery cover are attached, and therefore are easy to loose.  To replace the battery, you have to remove both covers.
5613	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Boo, hiss, buy the 50 count one in my other review. For some reason these are short and they are not designed to stay on a cable like the other ones I reviewed.
1692	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast and easy transaction. Item arrived on time and product was just as advertised. I am very satisfied with product.
8667	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works very well.  But the reason I gave it 4 stars -- and would've 3.5 if the system allowed -- is that the alligator style clip on the back -- to clip the remote mic to, say, an epaulet, is not strong enough.  This thing is always dropping off what article I have clipped it to.


3949	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice


6870	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a cable, what more do you need to know? It's heavy enough and works, good bran I've used before and will use again if the need arises.

2790	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great design as is everything MOLESKINE does. There are NO instructions or indicators as to when it is fully charged and I have undercharged it a couple of time but I'm getting better
3. If it doesn't work for you and you burn your own disks, the problem may not be a dirty lens but the quality of the blank CDs you are using. I highly recommend either Verbatim or Taiyo Yuden disks, e.g.:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Verbatim-700-MB-52x-DataLifePlus-Branded-Recordable-Disc-CD-R-50-Disc-Spindle-94523/dp/B00008L3HV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Verbatim 700 MB 52x DataLifePlus Branded Recordable Disc CD-R, 50-Disc Spindle 94523</a>
Maxell really cheapened these up.  The phone jack was flimsy, and started having problems after only three uses in my laptop.  The fit around the ears was nowhere near as nice as the previous pair I had, and there seemed to be an intermittent (more on than off) constant tone around 9000 hz that was quite irritating.
*In the past people have complained that Barnes & Noble is significantly more expensive then Amazon. I did some price comparisons of big titles, and found them most of the time to be exactly the same. I think Barnes & Noble might be trying to keep in line with Amazon to draw more readers(Like ME!) into getting the Nook.
This is a product that lives up to it's brand name. It's the best!!
I had previously brought a  Grundig Yacht Boy 400 and a Sony ICF-2010 to work to listen to an AM talk  radio station, only to find out that what makes them so good for world band  (shortwave) reception are the very things that meant disaster in the  computer room's EMI (electro-magnetic interference) rich atmosphere.  Being  digital receivers, their computer-like circuits eagerly plucked from the  air the squeals, drones and squawks of the network servers, PCs and PBX  system that occupy the room while adding their own synthesizer noise to the  weakened signal.  I pondered the possibilities for better reception.  I  could put the radio nearer an exterior wall, crank up the volume loud  enough to hear while seated at my desk, and be promptly thrown into the  parking lot, since others in the room don't really want to hear the same  station.  Through the interference on the Sony came a commercial for the  CCRadio by C. Crane, a tabletop receiver specially designed for long  distance reception of AM news and talk radio stations (Translation: The  speaker ain't so hot for music).  Pricey but perhaps worth it.
weight of the TV, even extended straight out.
5740	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product & Great Price & Very Fast Shipping!!
452	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Solid. Works as advertised. Comes with all the hardware you'd need... many options for fitting to your setup.

Thank you very much for a Perfect Product Amazon is the Best!
877	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great size, we use in in our go pro.!
7764	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works excellent
The Moleskin does have a very nice, luxurious feel.
3512	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good :)
1748	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought this as it was a requirement for School. I have had no issues with it,
8380	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have played keyboard for a few years, but I have always worn cheap, and sometimes not so cheap, ear buds so I wouldn't bother anybody else in the house. I was starting to get some crackle in the most recent pair of ear buds and I thought I would check Amazon for over the ear headphones that may be designed specifically for keyboard players. Even though these are Yamaha, I use them with my Roland FP-4. I was anxious to try them, and when I did I couldn't believe the sound. What sounded very plain through the earbuds sounds fantastic through these headphones. It really sounds like a piano when I play, or electric organ, or organ, etc. I just spent the last couple of hours trying out several of the voices available on my Roland just to hear how different they would sound. I would highly recommend these. The price is fantastic and so is the sound. One thing I need to mention, when plugged directly into my FP-4 the sound was very low. I plug my keyboard into a small amp and then plug these headphones into the amp. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to hear the sound very well.
6315	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item as described.  Worked great! A+A+A+

2589	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Seemed like a great idea, but died within a month of use.  Too bad, I really needed and wanted to like this.

7853	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job at a great price. Meets the needs of family recording device. Make sure you have a few extra on hand.
9211	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just got it, so I don't know about its longevity, but it's not new to begin with and it's working really well.  Very happy so far.
2137	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I already own another one of these, and was having a problem. Quite a bit of my reading is fairly large format (textbook sized) volumes. Reading these was frustrating, because it was just never possible to get the light adjusted to illuminate all four corners.
As one other reviewer said the stem is too short.  So others can hardly hear me.  Obviously, if they can hardly hear me then what good is the product?  For instance, ever try getting a flight itinerary straight when the other person can hardly hear you?  (And I'm short myself, so it's definitely  not a matter of my having oversized head/mouth dimensions.)
1925	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With AC power connection this LED light is VERY bright.
2333	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Uglier than most, but it works fine
6642	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product.
4783	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Taking disc out of CD box it was so flimsy it broke in half.
9920	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Label tape works as advertised on Brother PT-90.  Just take the cover off of the back and insert cartridge.  It works wonderfully but I think that it's pretty sad that I paid more for the tape than I did for the whole labeler.  Regardless, I'm still very happy with the product.
5198	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I find myself going out for a ride in my car with my Magellan 115 just to play with...how far are we, what is our ETA or "At this rate I can be in Paris in less than week.  I know "get a life" but its fun....cant wait to use it on a plane-hear it works altitude and time of arrival.  Well worth the cost 145-in NJ.
3881	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	plugged in my tablet - works fine.
With this Maxell adaptor, that isn't a problem. The great thing about this cassette adaptor is that the audio cable that leads out of it can be configured to exit from the narrow or wide side meaning no compatibility issues.
1756	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Rye Crenshaw is a man living a fabulous present, working through his miserable past with no idea who he really is.  His success in the country music business has brought him fame, money, and complete loneliness without the blue-blood family that threw him out when he made his own life decision.  When the opportunity to do a right after too many wrongs presents itself Rye grabs it and hires Tory, a small town cook with chef qualities.  Tory is struggling to make any ends meet so the offer to be Ryes personal tour cook is an offer she grabs at with both pancake flipping hands.

6124	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great tapes. Not like the crappy 9 hr tapes. These work good. I've done bought another pack. Plan on getting more.
1091	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This micro SD card works great. I bought this card for my champagne 64GB Asus Prime. But I still didn't have it on hands so I used it on My MetroPCS Lg Esteem android phone and it worked. 3 day ago I received my Asus prime. Inserted the card in and boommmm, now I have close to 120 GB on my tablet. Load card with MKV movies and music. Movies play directly from the micro card. Good quality card. Movies are perfect on the tablet.
I hope this review is useful. :-)
8001	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought the 7 ft gray cable: Good price, works as advertised. The snagless feature is good to have since I have broken the plastic latch on other cables in the past. Highly recommend.
Had tilt and various adjustments
I found this cable from Belkin, a very reliable company. The insulation & connectors are high quality. The wire feels of a decent enough gauge to last many years. This is a real value for money purchase. If you need one, you are not risking anything buying this cable.
3200	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The printer server works very well. I reconfigured the ip address for my local network instead of using the default. Fast printing and sure beats sharing a usb printer from another computer.
142	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly the same as what came with my Nook. Works very well. Arrived quickly, packaged appropriately.
4079	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works just fine. cable length does not affect my signal. Haven't seen any deterioration in it.
772	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked on my galaxy player 5. Expensive but worth it if you need the space. It appears to work in many gadgets not listed for this new format.
9209	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Compact with plenty of features, the Rio 500 is an impressive machine. USB makes downloads simple and fast. The software, however, causes lots of Windows 98 "General protection faults" (even with the newest  version 2.1).
I think I will be buying a Kobo or Kindle instead. At least those give you the option of hooking it up to a computer connection the usual way (with the provided USB cable).

1230	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had this a few days and I love it! It arrived earlier than expected which is a plus! I have never had a nook before so I'm unsure whether my problem is an issue with my nook or all nooks but the power/sleep button on the back is loose feeling and is hard to press. Other than that, I have barely put this thing down since it arrived (: good thing I'm on winter break from school!

(P.S.  as a bad pun, I told my wife that if The 3 Stooges owned it, it would be a Nook-Nook-Nook... but I was frowned at.  Guess it's funnier if Curley is your favorite stooge.  I digress :)  )
6514	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin are the best cables made
5054	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Surprisingly long battery life. After doing the research, this Sony was the one to buy, and it didn't disappoint.
- and much more...
No format needed, only put the memory in the Tablet and no problems at all.
3844	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can you say about a cheap cable? It works well and doesn't break the bank. Comes with end protectors. I did not have any problems with using this to display the HD output from my camera to a large screen.
4490	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good product, good price.
7615	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love using this on my desktop.  I can plug my laptop in without constantly crawling under my desk.  The styling is also really pleasant.  There are a few other power strips designed for the desk, but they really don't look as nice. Wish this one had some USB outlets, still a great surge protector regardless.
2548	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It interferes with the radio when any device is plugged in to charge.  Extremely irritating! I would rather spend a little more and get something I can actually use since this is just a piece of junk in my opinion.
8398	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These were just what I wanted...for playing my keyboard late at night.  Very high quality, especially for the price.  Would highly recommend.
98	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the charging cable that should have come with the Nook in the first place. 100x better than the one that fell all to pieces.
1445	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have tried the IPad, the Kindle, and the Sony, and nothing has worked better than this Nook Tablet. It's light, the screen resolution is amazing for movies, and the applications I use work beautifully. Even the speakers are excellent for what they are. No complaints at all.
7348	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you want a longer cord on an older non-usb keyboard, this extension cable works great.
7149	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fun calendar.  Bought this for my Grandmother to quiz us every day. So far she has enjoyed it and I would recommend to others.
3224	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	used with a male A to male A usb 2.0 cable to plug a j-pac to a computer for arcade games, works very well for this purpose since the jpac has proper ps/2 and usb support built into it and can use either.
1339	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought for grandsons they loved them
Makes you kind of wonder if he'll just skip the next few birthdays, too.
No spooling included... This is simply outdated hardware and creates more issues than it solves. If you need a print server for some reason this is NOT it. You need a professional one with ALL the possible features otherwise just spend the funds on a new printer or networking hub.
1125	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good for what it is
5229	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This was my third purchase of this Model.  I had been using these for listening to stations distant to my rural home for several years but this 'New' set didn't have near the range or tone quality of the prior sets that I had purchased over the  years.  I changed to CC Radio plus Sets which do what I had wished this GE set would do.
1854	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had just purchased my first NXT (2.0) and several people recommended this book. I can see why! it is a step-by-step introduction to the NXT, set up in exercises as if for a class, but totally usable by the individual user like me. I have been having a blast acheiving each step.
4705	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Like another reviewer here, I can verify that these tapes have too much drag in the mechanism. On my Nakamichi BX-300, they frequently stop during recording or playback. It's a tension problem, wherein a high end deck will purposefully stop advancing the tape to avoid breakage; basically, it thinks the tape is stuck. Cheapo decks that do not have this feature may work fine with these tapes. I've had no problem with other, commercially available cassettes on this deck.
*AFI outlets (I had no problems).
1214	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The unit that was sent to me does not power on. I searched on the Internet and a lot of other people have the same issue. It seems there is a problem with the batteries on these units.... They are supposed to last for a long time, but mine did not even power on once. It would be nice for the end user to be able to take the battery out and replace it; I am going to have to send mine back, even though I had to wait a while to get this one and was looking forward to use it, play with it, test it. Ok, so I sent this one back and got the money back, but not the cost to send it back to seller. I bought a second one from another seller. This one powered on, but had other serious issue with it. I tried to insert a micro SD card, but the casing for the card reader was misaligned and my card fell in the device itself. As this could have been labeled as my fault, that I did not pay enough attention to the casing, I did not try to send it back. Plus, I had to take my card out from inside the device somehow. I decided to open the device and forget about warranty to be able to get the card out. I tried to align the casing of the card reader, but instead I managed to break it entirely. The small metal plates broke in one spot and I decided to peel it off completely. I was able to finally put the cover back on the whole device, but without damaging some places of the plastic cover. I figured that 2GB of internal memory would be enough and I would be loading books on it through the USB connector, by connecting to a computer. But it turns out it does not have 2GB available internally to put books on. It only has 250 MB, like other reviewers have mentioned. I do not know if I can root the device without a card reader to put a card in. Have not tried to root it yet, but I read on the internet that it is possible. That would be the obvious solution to many of its software limitations. I went ahead and bought a third device because I really want a book reader with an E-Ink screen that has a card reader and that one seems fine, but I did not played with it much.
289	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this book to help my mom transition from PC to Mac. She's kind of technophobic--which is the reason for the switch--and she's also the type of person who feels better if there's a manual to refer to. So far so good.
1313	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I waited until June 2010 until I bought a nook. So far I am loving it. I love the page turning swipe feature. Those that gave the nook 1 star are the ones who got theirs with the 1.1 firmware. The firmware is now up to 1.4 and the price has dropped to $199.
1588	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	EXCELENTE.

5927	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well
7003	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Due to my computer setup, I needed a USB extension cord. I shopped many stores in my area and the price was $35-$40 either of Monster Cable (also known as the "I am a yuppie and have too much money burning a hole in my pocket" brand) or of indeterminate quality. I was not going to drop money in that range for something that might have cost fifty cents in China to make and I was not going to enable a corporation like Monster, who I feel is fleecing consumers with technological snake oil.
And the price is much better on Amazon.

NiNeTeeN, TweNTy
3163	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed.
8132	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Secure snug fit great colors price is definetly right!  Get what you order at your door with minimal time usually 2 days
3323	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Just the job works as advertised
2185	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great book light. Good quality. Bright.

3158	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Does the trick but it has some software bugs. Occasionally I have to reset it and every time I print from my cellphone I have to reload the printer driver.
3337	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my phone and it works pretty well. Tons of storage and no problems so far.
At this point I lean toward Samsung tablets - I like the IR and the microSD slot.
4626	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Everything was fine
This novel, which I thought was a fun and devilish read is loaded with true moments of what I would call some true Hollywood horror experiences and stories - as Taylor struggles to stand above it all, she finds herself caught in two worlds - that of her conscious and that of the real Hollywood scene.  What does a sweet, innocent (but quickly becoming less innocent by the minute) girl do to get ahead?  stick by her beliefs or become one of the backstabbers.
3. Poor speaker. The Nook's speaker isn't the best. Even at full volume it isn't that loud. The only way to really hear anything good is with headphones.
New Harbor"
  Within a week it quit working and I could not get the transmitter light to come on after that so returned the unit for a refund.  I got a different brand that does not have the background noise.  I hope it lasts.

350	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfied  I would recommend it.
1331	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased the Kindle 1, then a BeBook (because it reads PDFs), and now a Kindle DX for the Text-To-Speech. The Nook looks so cool, until you own one. Heavy copy protection, even on PUBLIC DOMAIN books is ridiculous. And, from what I am reading on the web, the books are encoded with a person's credit card # and other personal info. So ... hackers can rejoice if I loose my Nook.
quality and volume.  It's hard to believe you can buy this for under $50.00! This is a great radio and I will be buying more for
7545	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The cable is and lock are fairly strong. However, they send glue for the white attachments through which the cable passes to lockdown the equipment. It is not difficult for anyone to break off that white attachment and take the device.
2297	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I tried some other compatible battery on amazon.  Some flat out did not work.  You put it in and the camera said about incompatible battery or something like that.  This battery works.  I have a sony HX5
9717	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Over time, the labels may peel slightly at the corners.  This was noticeable with plastics and some metal items they were adhered to.  Overall, we are pretty pleased with the quality and ease of use.
*A BONUS: If you take your Nook to a B&N and show them what ebook you're reading, you get a free cup of coffee...not sure how long this will last but hey, free coffee is free coffee :)
I think it has something to do with the surface area to volume ratio for the adhesive and the slightly irregular and porous nature of the recycled plastic bins.

1652	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really enjoyed the trilogy. The characters were alive to me and I cared about them. I hated to see it end. Loved all the twists and turns of the story.
Other than that,  this is a great product.  As I said earlier, it just works.  When you  factor in price, you can't miss.
7059	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I had been looking in office supply stores for this item but they all seemed to sell it at a much higher cost ($14.95-$20.95).  This is exactly what I was looking for and the price was hard to believe!

Here's the rub. The selection of apps from B&N is truly pitiful. I mean, worse than you can imagine. Now combine this with the fact that the standard email client as installed on the NT is very basic and limited and the standard web browser is little better. There are no replacements in the app store. None. What you see is what you get.
Phone wouldn't write to card, computer wasn't able to format, and no device other than the phone was able to read the filesystem. This is apparently a common problem with SanDisk's earlier batches of this card, but this is the third SanDisk storage solution I've had fail on me in the past two years and I won't be coming back.
- Wi-Fi connectivity capability. I have a standard wireless router in my house. I was up & running in minutes. My first wi-fi purchase was Treasure Island for $.99 and then got a free copy of the Oxford Holy Bible. The B&N library is second-to-none when it comes to finding what you are looking for on e-book.
-The micro SD card slot is why I bought this device to begin with (haven't used it yet, but the general memory on the device is pretty good; I only read fanfiction on this device)
==================================================
3057	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Previous reviews of this item indicated that, although the installation instructions for this device were meager, nevertheless, it was very simple to install.  I could not get it installed on my computer however, and was forced to return the product.
9350	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product.  Sticks even when washed.
Price is decent
9837	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the origional just like what came with the machine and it works the same too.  You'll like it.
Once again, I cried and laughed as I read Miles' story, but when I turned the last page a bit of happiness stayed with me. Yes, that's the true magic of reading an Ava Miles book, she shares her happiness with her readers and it's quite a wonderful gift to receive.

4617	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This one actually ran in my dvd player/writer, when it rejected a similar cleaner.  I can't tell if it does what it says yet.  I let it run for a few minutes, since my dvd player has been skipping with a certain movie.  And now I've forgotten which disc has the problem, so I can't test it out.
> Some functions depend on pressing either quickly or less-quickly, etc. It often takes alot of fiddling to do what you want to do. It could use a dedicated "navigation" button.

It was recognized immediately
9458	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A little hard to find - so many machines, so many tapes. Thankfully, Brother's cartridges are pretty universal. I just wanted some ordinary black on clear to re-label the shelves, drawers, containers in my pantry and studio while still using my older P-touch. The look is clean and sophisticated.
8950	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly. Great value. Connecting internet modem to TV in living room via basement in order to use Netflix/Pandora. Blue makes it easy to recognize what it is if we ever have to distinquish it from other lines.
Recommended highly!

* Expandable storage slot
No stores that I tried, had one.
The only possible improvements to this would be if there was an extra USB port or if it was somehow rotatable.
5668	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
1051	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use the card with my Galaxy S3 and it works like a charm. The size allows me to store my music in a higher quality than i  would have otherwise been able to, and it's great not constantly having to delete stuff from my phone for it not to fill up.
8680	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Very unhappy with this. Setup was a breeze contrary to much I have read but the picture quality is horrible because this camera is very used and very beat up. Upon first connect the images were a total washed out blur. I removed to lens to clean it all and it looked like milk or oil had been spilled all over this camera in the past. After much cleaning the images are now almost recognizable. Still very poor, I can't believe someone would sell a product, new or used, in this poor condition. Zero stars if I could. My $19 Labtec cam takes far better pictures. The 3Com HomeConnect might be good, I don't know because the one I got is in such bad shape.
6977	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I used a 3ft USB extension cable that came with my device: it worked perfectly
4878	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book "Take Me To A Circus Tent" as well as an avid music collector, and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write about and or discuss various recording tapes.
8797	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good item!
BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE BOOYA BOOYA BOOYA BLUE.
9730	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well. Just as described. Great transaction.  Thanks.
9193	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Sony Has Sure Come Up With Another Great Hit...This DVD Player Is The Only One You'll Ever Need To Buy...At This Price And With Features, You Can't Beat It...Below Are Features And Details For All Of Us Technical  Junkies...Alot Of These Specs Are Typical Of All DVD Players, But Sony Has  AVery Well Engineered Unit...If You're Not A Techie, Just Go And Get One At  Your Local A/V Store... Features: *Sony precision drive system;  *-Advanced SmoothScan high speed search; -. *32-bit RISC processor;  *-SmoothSlow slow-motion forward and reverse. *10-bit Video DAC with 27 MHz  processing. *Component video output (Y/PB/PR). *Digital video noise  reduction, equalizer. *Dolby digital 5.1-channel decoder with full  adjustments.  *Sony digital cinema sound modes for movie playback.  *Customfilediscmemo display lets you name CDs.  *96 kHz, 24-bit linear  PCM capability.  *DTS digital output to an outboard decoder. *CD-text and  DVD-textdisplay with compatible discs.  *5-way picture navigation for  superior menu control.  *Jog/shuttle ring; menu disc control.  *Quick dial  access to CD tracks and DVD chapters.  *DVD navigator multi-brand remote,  phosphorescent keys(These Keys Are So Cool). System:  *Plays DVD-video.  *Plays CD digital audio. Plays video CD. *Precision drive system Sony's  second-generation transport design includes dynamic focus, active tilt  control and an advanced DSP servo system for superb tracking of disc  imperfections. Also has high-speed stepping motor for fast track and  chapter access.  *Digital RF processing.  *DSP servo: adv.  *DVD-text, CD  textdisplay. Displays titles and other information with compatible DVDs.  Displays song titles, artist name and disc titles with compatible CDs.  *Customfilediscmemo.  Video:  *SmoothScan 32-bit RISC processor.  *10-bit, 27 MHz video DAC.  *Digital video noise reduction This circuit  reduces video noise-the tiny flecks and specks of unwanted color that can  detract from your picture.  *Video equalizer (Who Will Ever Use This).  *4-tap letterbox conversion.  *SmoothScan high-speed search for./rev.: adv.  Uses a 32-bit RISC microprocessor for superior scan quality in frame  advance, slow motion (at 1/10 and 1/5 speed) and high-speed search (at 2X,  10X and 30X speed)-all in forward and reverse.  *SmoothSlow forward/reverse  A refinement of SmoothScan for enhanced slow speed performance in forward  and reverse. *Frame-by-frame forward/reverse.  *DVD repeat, program,  shuffle.  *DVD resume play. Audio:  *96 kHz, 24-bit linear PCM.  *Dolby  digital 5.1-channel processing: Built-in. *Dolby digital setup controls.  *DTS digital output lets you hear multi-channel digital sound from  compatible DVD discs, when connected to a DTS decoder or an A/V receiver  with DTS decoding. Compatible Sony models include the TA-E9000ES  preamplifier, STR-DA50ES, DA30ES, DE935 and DE835 A/V receivers (Receiver  Must Be DTS Compatible).  *Variable Coefficient (VC) digital filter A Sony  breakthrough that actually enables you to choose the basic digital  filtering process. Lets you adjust the character of CD sound between  "Sharp" and "Slow" roll-off in accordance with program  material.  *DigitalCinemaSoundsystem DSP system that reproduces the  precise acoustics of acclaimed mastering stages at Sony Pictures Studios in  Hollywood (If You've Ever Been There, You Know How Good It Sounds - SSL  Console And Genelic Speakers).  *Virtual enhanced surround sound creates  the sound of rear speakers when you're only using a stereo pair. *Digital  output off mode.  *Audio priority automatically finds and plays the audio  track with the most channels -DTS or Dolby digital tracks. No more  searching through menus.  Convenience:  *Graphic user interface menus: bit  mapped. *Screen saver if you pause the player during an extended telephone  call, you projection television could be damaged by phosphor burn-in.  Sony's screen saver can literally save your television.  *Bit-rate display  shows the video data rate. *Bit-rate history.  *Audio level meter.  *5-way  picture navigation Sony convenience that generates on-screen menus for  discs-even where the producers did not.  *DVD navigator remote for easy  access to DVD functions. You'll find the Sony shuttle ring, menu disc  point-and-click control and unified operation for 38 brands of television.  The DVP-S7700 and S550D remote controls also operate the volume control for  8 brands of A/V receiver.  *Sony shuttle ring: unit, remote.  *Menu disc  control: unit, remote.  *Multi-brand TV remote These remote controls also  operate 38 brands of television. The DVP-S7700 and S550D remote controls  also operate the volume control for 8 brands of A/V receiver.  *Multi-brand  A/V receiver volume control. *Phosphorescent remote keys principal remote  control keys that glow in the dark for easy visibility (Once Again, These  Keys Impress The Ladies). Outputs:  *One component video output interface  that maintains the highest possible image quality by keeping the video  picture in its original Y/PB/PR form.  *2 s-video outputs.  *2 composite  video outputs. *Opticaldigitaloutput enables digital-to-digital  connection for outboard Dolby digital decoding, DTS decoding or PCM audio  D/A conversion. *Coaxial digital output offers superb system flexibility  when connecting outboard Dolby digital or DTS decoder.  *Two pairs of  analog stereo outputs.  *Dolby digital 5.1-channel output.  *S-linkinterface connection to other Sony A/V equipment that enhances  system convenience. *Headphoneoutput with volume control. Specifications:  Video Horizontal Resolution, DVD:greater than 500 TV linesAudio Frequency  Response (DVD, 96 kHz PCM):2 -- 44,000 Hz, 1 dBAudio Signal-to-Noise Ratio  (DVD, 96 kHz PCM):>115 dBAudio Dynamic Range, DVD:>100 dB Harmonic  Distortion:<0.0025%Weight:7 lbs., 8 oz. Dimensions:17" x  3-3/4" x 12"
4182	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I decided to purchase micro/mini SD card for now, because of cost little cheaper, quality not different at all. If you have adapter you can use to Sony pro duo as well.
4157	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I tried it with my SGS2 and it worked completely fine. It still works, months later. I found it hilarious that this tiny thing came in such a huge box though.
My Observations/Pros of the Nook
3469	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Morning! great easy product to adactar the product is very good quality, the amount of memory is susficiente to save photos, long videos like birthday celebrations and wedding parties more
9693	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There honestly isn't much to be said about this product. It fit my label maker & the labels look nice & stick well. I've made labels for toolbox drawers, wires for the TV & entertainment equipment & they are long lasting & stick like they should.
If you do not need an e-reader with a whole lot of bells - but you want one that had a great light - feels good in the hand - and give you the flexibility of reading all e-texts formats (once rooted correctly) - then this is your device. I was surprised that this cost more than the latest Nook Glowlight - but it could be because it is in higher demand because of both the expandable memory - and physical buttons.  If those things are important to you as well on an e-ink reader- well then - certainly the NST or NST with glowlight  - is your best option.  Happy reading.
5745	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hey, guess what! It's an ethernet cable! That's right, ethernet! It is 3 feet long and blue! There is nothing else to say!
- cavity in the back to hide the thick power cord can barely accommodate the cord; I managed to back it back after several tries.

8798	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine.  Just what I wanted and better than bulky headset.
6706	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	These don't work that well. Im not impressed
9251	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works well in our P-Touch machine. We use several different sizes and try to be conservative because of the price, but we have not had any problem with the tape getting "old". We use it inside, outside, in the heat and in the cold and on utensils that go in the dishwasher and it sticks without fail.
6061	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As expected
5728	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Velcro - a source of unlimited power
1006	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described, comes in retail packaging for US.  Arrived quickly and safe,  plug and play out of the package for Samsumg Galaxy Tab 3
4583	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	all good
2097	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm a bookaholic.  I go thru more books and reading lights than you could ever imagine.  This is the best book light!  I can position it right where its needed.  I don't use the clip much--maybe  just to clip it to a blanket or mini blinds....  It takes batteries, and its led, so it doesn't suck the life right out of your batteries. AAA+++++++++
1535	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The little lady sleeps with it almost every night. She loves the reader and is very happy with it so far. Without the glow light or connected to wifi it can go weeks. She uses the glow light at night (every night) and still gets days of use without charging. Scored major points for this purchase.
Great unit for the price. Would much rather have this unit than the low end ($100) etrex.
Very simple to operate.
6023	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't  work with Microsoft force feedback Joystick
6832	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It took a little over a week to get here but it does exactly what I needed it to. I use it to extend my gaming pad controller for playing PC games on my TV. There is no delay or anything like that if you were skeptical about using it for a keyboard/mouse/gaming device.

4152	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this card for a replacement for my EVO 4g card and it works perfectly with it.  Nothing to complain about so far!
1531	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	So frustrated with these things - 3 kids, 3 Nooks, 4 exchanges so far because of the "ripped" GlowLight screen. The first return/exchange was within a week of owning them, very light use. The others followed soon after. The kids loved them so we kept them even after the "rips" reappeared, but now one of them has just completely died (the Nook is 10 months old). Half the screen is garbled and the other half is stuck on one of the author screen savers.
4627	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works good
I have an Actiontech router that is pretty weak, but my cable company won't give me anything else and it also runs my TV cable, so I can't get rid of it. The far areas of my house (mainly the area in the basement and my bedroom) received less than stellar internet. My initial speed test using wi-fi in the bedroom was 3.21 down/ 3.63 up (see picture included).

540	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We needed something to Extend our tv away from the hot pipe for the winter and this wall mount did the trick. It went up with no a problems. It worked out very well!
4661	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Seller. Would use again. Thanks, Ron!
1126	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this one to replace an old one that stopped working.

Stiff: re-positioning the TV can be difficult because the joints are so tight, that moving the TV around on the mount isn't very easy (this may be due to the rigidness).

UPDATE: Trust me to find the bugs in an ebook reader -- or perhaps they find me.  At any rate, I bought a copy of the American Heart Association Cookbook (7th Edition) and was dismayed to see some of the fractions describing quantities in recipes replaced by question marks!
7167	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When I bought a new printer for the computer I use, I needed a USB cable to connect the printer to the hard drive.  I ended up purchasing this USB cable from Belkin. It works great and I've never had any problems with it. Even though the cable is a 2.0 device, it is apparently backwards compatible and will work with most 1.0 devices, too.
UPDATE: 2013
8530	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what we needed!
9921	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product for about 1/2 as much as you would pay at your local office store<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Brother-M231-1-2-Inch-Black-on-White-Tape-for-P-Touch-Labeler/dp/B00000K135/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Brother M231 1/2-Inch Black on White Tape for P-Touch Labeler</a>
5722	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	DOES A GOOD JOB CLEANINBG YOUR DISC DRIVE BOTH CD PLAYER AND DVD PLAYER, YOU SHOULD CLEAN IT EVERY THREE MONTHS, GETS RID OF DUST, GRIM, AND OTHER FOREIGN  SUBSTANCES!!!

9518	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing not to like.
I can lend, and have others lend me, some of the books purchased.

Some people and athletic associations do not like these because they are more visible than other alternatives. However, they fit nicely under a cap if that is allowed without harming comfort. The boom can be adjusted so that you can change ears for the speaker.
9976	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Took these on a road trip and picked up nothing.  Returning
3954	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what they offered in the website.  Good quality and excellent price.

price is great.  Thanks Amazon.
6147	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great tapes. I still use VHS, DVDs are NO GOOD. The device don't last long, bought 3. They stop playing and recording.  A fake on the market to get rid of VHS, which is the best ever created.  Records 3-2 hr. movies, can record up to 7 hrs on  a 6 hr. tape.  Just love,  Never even thought to give it up for DVD,  I bought a COMBO, and used both.  DVD died long time ago, I used the VHS and buy the tapes to keep me going.

4765	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Did not do as expected
5341	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I used it once and my sister long distance couldn't even tell. I have used Plantronics plastic tube-type microphones at work and the sound quality was better the sister said.
6280	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	After always buying cheap cables or inheriting half working cables I bought a few of these. They work great and have nice clip protectors. Handy to have a few extras of these around.
3400	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Have a Blessed Day
2688	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These USB adapter plugs are great to have around.  We have a few for the kids and our cars.  Great for cell phones that have USB cords and Nintendo DS on long car trips.  Four stars instead of five because I had to glue one back together after only one use.  But, after that, it still works fine.
2623	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item was exactly what I hopped it would be - it was exactly what I was looking for in my order.
327	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a really long extendable wall mount for my 47 inch flat screen LED tv so that I could view it from my bed and this mount got the job done.
2547	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. I charged the battery up to iphone and ipad simultaneously without problems and travel for many hours in my car. Recommended 100 percent.
The interface is very easy to use. It comes with a manual that you can read on the device, or on the B&N website. If you're still stuck on an issue, I found this great forum ([...]) with friendly people who can help you.
As for the Kindle here are a few features I love about it:  1-I like the real keyboard as the buttons are much easier to push than on screen.  2-It reads PDFS much better than the Nook, more so when you have the PDF converted.  3-the page turns are a bit faster.  4-I prefer the black housing to white.  5-the reading page/screen has no glare at all (the Nook's little color panel on the bottom is very reflective) and it seems the print is a little darker.
4224	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very simple - it works as described.  Was such a good deal I purchased 2 of them.  Thanks for another great product.


81	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great charging cable for the Nook.  It is way better than the one that came with the original Nook Color.  The only downside is you cannot use it on the computer to add books to your Nook.  This was not an issue for me because I have other cables for that.
2563	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have several chargers. Have more than one vehicle so I keep more than one of these in each. Nothing more frustrating than finding all of a sudden one quits working, and you have no way to recharge your phone. That is always when you need it most.  This one works well for any of my products.
8417	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this for my son to practice piano with. He doesn't like his current headphone. It's the kind that covers the ears completely, and his ears turn red and itchy from it. This one doesn't cover the ears completely, but the foam part is still much bigger than your average headphone. So I took off the piano connector part and snap it onto the plug a cheap headphone with small foam area, and my son likes that way the best. I try to give the headphone to a different son but he doesn't like the feel either. Prefers the cheap ones he already has.
5370	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My external DVD had gotten so bad about skipping and so slow I was about ready to dispose of it.  I ran the cleaner and it runs like a new one.  It also mad a noticible improvement with my internal drive.
There are more compartments on the other side as well. The pictures illustrating this case are a mish mosh of both series. The one I received from Data Vision, the newer "refresh" version as they call it, is the one you see in photo number 1, the featured photo. If you notice the second picture and other pictures are a different case, the older version. You can easily see the difference because the older one has a long pad on the strap, and the new one has an oval, adjustable one. By visiting Targus's website you can see photos of the new one in its completeness. I would upload those photos, but I think it is smart to leave the mix, since that is what some of the suppliers are selling.
6653	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got this adapter years ago and it worked beautifully on my old Mac (upgraded to Panther a few years ago). I got a newer mac (G5) and it worked great on that (still had Panther). Then I upgraded to Tiger and lost my printing ability.
As for mounting, I went to Best Buy and got a pair of speaker wall mounts for about $$, which provides all the adjustment angles you'd need.  You only need one mount for each camera but have to buy them in pairs, as they are made for speakers.

There's place for a battery recharger in there and a set of batteries along with the Compact flash cards. Overall this case is pretty decent although you've got to be careful not to let the case swing about from your arm and hit a wall or something. There are other websites selling this a little cheaper.
INSTRUCTIONS



If all you want is a reader, email and the web.  then hey go for it.  but I truly disappointed and may return it.

464	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent mount for using and hiding TV in cabinet
8315	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I own a 300SE and aside from the fact that it has updated firmware and more memory it is exactly the same.  I was worried about things that I had read stating that the case was shoddy, the volume level was insufficient  and the memory didn't hold enough.  I just wanted to say that all of this  IS NOT true.  It seems really solid to me, not that I'd ever drop the thing  or be rough with it, but it does just fine while jogging or riding a  bike...as for the volume level comments perhaps people are just listening  to songs encoded at a low base level because I listen to mine on level 5 of  20 and it's fine for most songs unless I'm in a REALLY noisy  environment...lastly I listen to all of my songs at 128k. and I can fit an  acceptable amount of music on my 64megs--no it isn't as much as a CD but  with 2 32meg smartmedia cards on the way that should be more than enough to  get me through all but the longest of plane flights.  With the portability  of the transfer cable and software I can just burn all of my mp3s to a Cd  or 2, throw it in my luggage and change the songs out from wherever I  happen to be...much more efficient than lugging around all of my CDR mixes  and other CDs.  True the parallel transfer is much slower than the USB that  the 500 offers, but do I really want to use USB when places that I travel  might not offer USB support?  Also the backlight of the new 500s are  supposed to drain the battery power and I don't find the lack of a  backlight to be as big of a problem as I thought it would be, however.  I  would definately recommend purchasing the rio remote as it super easy to  use and extends the headphone's cord length by a good 2 feet.  See ya!

The sound quality on a computer may not be as good as the sound quality on musical applications in a studio, but it's  above average for listening to music on YouTube, which is what I do.  The headphones aren't as heavy as I feared - they're quite comfortable. Definitely not noise-canceling but they do block out a lot of external noise.
6021	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should. No problems after about a month of use.

- I found it slightly more comfortable to hold than the Paperwhite, it is lighter but I don't think that was it as it is pretty inconsequential.  I think it was the shape.
You'll also notice  the difference between this model and an internal model.  Make sure that  you really need to be mobile with the drive itself before you choose an  external model.  As has been stated in other reviews, the ZIP-100 has  become something of a standard nowadays, and many machines come with a ZIP  drive pre-installed.
9669	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Delivered timely as described
Review:
3826	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Simple accessory. Made well, good price, and the length is enough to give you access to a system from a table and run it across the floor.
5002	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	After reading some reviews and getting recommendations on wet vs. dry head cleaners I decided I'd try both to clean the heads in my Panasonic VHS/DVD combo player. I've had the unit for more than 3 years but never cleaned the heads until now. I ordered this wet head cleaner, and the Maxell VP-100 dry head cleaner. This one arrived first just before Memorial Day weekend. The first thing I noticed when taking it out of the box was just how flimsy the cassette felt. I've used wet head cleaners in the past, and they always had a bit of weight to them. Almost like a regular cassette. The next thing I noticed was the shoddy assembly. The top of the cassette is solid, so you can't see the spools, but it's a good thing I looked at the underside of it carefully, because one of the wheels was halfway off its "track" and needed to be pushed (hard) back into place. I hate to think what might have happened had I just put it in the VCR like that! After opening the cleaning solution I tried to put the 5-6 drops in the top hole as it instructs but the first drop just formed a bead atop the hole! There would be no putting anymore in until we got this one thru. After fussing with it (and having the red ring around the hole just pop off!) I finally got some more drops of what is clearly water into the hole, and loaded the cassette into the player. WOW! The racket this thing makes! Buzzing, clicking, ka-chunking, you name it! If any of you have had VCRs for a while you know that sickening sound the tape makes as it's tangling itself around the innards of your machine, and getting chewed to Hell and back. This one made that sound, and I thought for sure I'd have to disassemble my VCR to remove it. Fortunately, it didn't jam, but it didn't PLAY either! I'd say maybe 2 seconds tops before the the whole thing wound down and just stopped. So much for the "Run it for 20-30 seconds" in the instructions. I ran it several times for as long as it would allow, usually just a couple of seconds. After loading a regular tape I'd been trying to copy to DVD I saw that the picture WAS clearer, without the snow and graininess from before I cleaned, so I guess it DOES work, as long as you're willing to run it several times in a row to get a full cleaning cycle.
8936	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much should be wrong with Ethernet cable and nothing was wrong with this.  Performs as it should, no problems.
2739	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a good tool to have and comes at a good price.  It was also clearly labeled, which might otherwise be a problem if you have more than one of these short adapters.
958	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is everything you expect it to be.  Reliable storage for your device.
6355	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I originally ordered this as an extension for my charge cord for my new Dragon M7 tablet.  It would probably be okay, but I'm not sure how to be sure the ends are the right size before I order them, and I can't use it for the purpose I ordered it for.  However, I will keep it since I think I can still find a use for it.

I couldn't ask for better results. Not only did it fix the disk issue with one use, it also alerted me to problems with the sound system.
2624	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This has two ports one is made for the iphone/ipad rated to charge at 2.1A the other port is 1A. Also low profile which is what I wanted and there is a blue LED light glows brightly when there is power to the adapter. Works as promised,
2413	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well and is cheap, has lasted over a year so far
Having said that, this is a low resolution camera that will not always give good results. It is adequate for head shots and has always come through for me in events.
I guess for a small fee, it really does help with the situation.

6859	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its long and it lets me recharge my ps3 controller when I need it without having to bend over to recharge it while playing COD
9566	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These have so many uses.  I love to be organized and this is a great addition to my organization kit.  The work perfectly with my Brother labeler and really stick well.  The uses are endless.
--------
It is a little short, so a little hard to pull out when done.
Overall build quality is not very high, and many purchased units are defective. Anyone who complains that they can't get decent reception or the sound is bad on their Superadios have defective units. That's the only possible explanation.

7025	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	always liked by our dogs!
1709	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This book was an easy read, but had some spelling errors. Only reason I gave 4.5 instead of 5 was  you pretty much knew about 3/4 of the way through "who did it" it was just you didn't know why. I like my ending to be a surprise.
So far, it has been a great buy and I would recommend it.
3748	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good cable
8832	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The USB version of the Dazzle DM4100 video capture box is an excellent way to capture video into the MPEG1 format in real time.  This format plays back well on modern PC and Mac computers but doesn't take up too much hard drive space.  The quality isn't as good as a professional encoder but then  it costs about a tenth of the price.
9955	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love it ! Works Great !!
3031	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	i am in the process of returning this item. And want to warn everyone away form this item. IT HAS NO KNOWN DIVERS.I have software that automatically search and up date all my systems drivers and it didn't even acknowledge that this item existed . windows device manger as well as windows updates tried to to find the driver but came up empty.stating the this item had no known drivers.

5466	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked as expected
701	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great deal, easy to mount and it appears to be fairly sturdy. I mounted a 32 in tv on it and it works great.
Still, I will get volume 2 when it comes out, and that is a strong recommendation for any 3 volume series.
I do like the fact that the nook can take ePub books though. I can always pop over to Diesel Books and purchase my missing books and transfer them straight over, which takes a bit of the sting out of the missing library.
The Nook is still awesome... Since I have owned the Nook for a while now, I came back to offer an update..
2332	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have this in my car (armrest port) and can have two items charging and out of the way while I drive to my next location
9389	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's an OEM tape, nothing more to say.
340	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My bedroom is set up so that my bed faces a window. I needed to mount my TV on the side wall and have it swing over so I can watch TV when I fall asleep. I was a little nervous about having my TV dangling off of one of these mounts. I've had it mounted (into a stud, of course) for about 2 years now with no problems. I'm still always nervous about it because the TV seems so heavy. Hopefully I did a good enough job installing the mount! I'll let you know if it ever stops working (aka falls!).
4) Needs some industrial design tweaks (i.e. audio controls should all be in one place)
I recommend you do not purchase this product, and not to purchase any noise cancellation product without trying it first hand or making sure the store has an excellent return policy.
1.  Some of them don't work.  The first one I bought didn't.

2310	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This has worked well for us. still working and that is the main thing.
-It's bigger than I expected, in a good way. It's not heavy, but has a nice "significant" feel to it.
3856	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it works great, for a canon mini type slr, detected the camera and samsung tv with no problems, great price.
407	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As expected
6705	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	IT GOOD PRODUCT
What I didn't like about Sony:  you have to take the batteries out and put them into a recharger unit (I was expecting to just hang the headphones on the stand and have them recharge, like the Palm Pilots do in their cradles); when I tilt my head forward (at my desk, since I use these at work), they slide off.
Shortly after receipt, I had to take the control side apart to clean the volume control (excessive static when adjusting). OK at this time.
4733	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	All Good!
With B&N nook it takes a long time to select and load a book.  You have to pay for a book, even if it is zero dollars--another menu choice, just to get you in the habit of hitting a purchase button.  There are lots of free books out there.  Why should it be hard to load these? Personally, I want a large library with me because I travel alot, and I want to find  what I want quickly, and I want to read it without hassle.
5442	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use this to connect my printer to my home network.  Works as described.
8025	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say? It does what it's supposed to. No drama. For applications requiring a cable more than 3 feet, but less than 12. You know that, but I needed the extra words to fulfill review guidelines.

Since I had the 2 LED book light, I actually intended to purchase the 2 LED version of the USB light. I ordered this one by mistake. I realized my mistake as soon as I opened the box. A trip to Mighty Bright's website wasn't encouraging. The 2 LED version was clearly listed as the brightest USB light, and the single LED version was listed as, "ideal for situations that require a dose of discretion." I literally printed the return form out and had the 2 LED version in my shopping cart when I decided that the cost and hassle of return shipping wasn't worth it. I figured I might have the occasional opportunity to use this one at home, so I opened up the packaging.


2944	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It worked.
1186	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the B&N Nook Simple Touch.  I can't compare it to the Amazon Paperwhite, because I refuse to try one.  The Nook has expandable memory (which I do not believe the Paperwhite does).  Up to 32GB, which means I can save around 32,000 books.  If, for some reason, I need more space, then I can just drop another 15-20 bucks, and have another 32GB (though I will have my collection split over two memory cards).  I also like that B&N accepts ePub, which is pretty much the universal standard, whereas Amazon locks you into their own store.  This means that you can shop Sony's store with a Nook, and Nook's store with a Sony, but Amazon can't access either of those stores.
So, the day the iPads came out I quickly adopted them as my go to E-reader. Great devices and they do many things well but they aren't really conducive to being E-readers.  Don't get me wrong, I've read many, many books on my iPads but they've always been just a bit clumsy.  Too big, too heavy, and there's never been a comfortable thumb control for me while holding it. I'm sure the newer and smaller iPad would go a great way to solving some of those problems but all iPads are still basically creatures of the night.  Besides draining my wallet they tend to shrink from the sunshine.  I'll never ditch my iPad but i really, REALLY wanted my old E-reader back.  I didn't want something what would flash the home team's score, an Email telling me my spam filter is less than effective or someone messaging me a picture of their meal all the while I'm trying to immerse myself in one my favorite author's far flung fantasies.  I JUST WANT TO READ A DARN BOOK IN PEACE!  So for a while, GASP, I went back to "real" books.  I know, I was weak and no matter how many times I punched that unknown word with my stylus those stupid BOOKS wouldn't bring up a single dictionary.
4939	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	After trying the memorex lens cleaner obtained from wal mart and returning it because neither of my computers' CD/DVD drives recognized it, I bought this product [the Maxell CD-340] from Amazon. Shipping via prime was rapid and arrival was in excellent condition. The product works just fine* thus hardening my position/opinion that Maxell products are of good quality and Memorex products are of lower quality.
3916	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Like the storage amount.
Honestly I have to bite my tongue, I don't want to give anything away.  As you read, the survivors are locked in a research center, and have been for 3 years.  2 men, considered the leaders are the only 2 to leave now because of the very real danger of the "shifters."  These creations are so very hard to kill, they heal so fast that the only way to kill them to slice them fully in half.
7329	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's Belkin. What more to say? Nice tight connections and it works. Probably will have only wireless mice soon, but this was handy when I needed it and it didn't give me any problems.
This account has outstanding character development, scene description, and intrigue. Highly recommended for all ages, 10-90! Elephant Run
7822	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised.  Works well. Great value.
-Fits well in my charging socket - holds tight.  I've had some that were loose in my charging socket.
* Mute button works
Option #2. Use wall anchors. Again, there are only 2 holes in this bracket so take into account the weight of the tv and the rating of the anchors. Proceed at your own risk.

UPDATE 6/2/10 - .PDF's on the nook
860	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Tons of video drop out. Don't buy it.  You can be in the middle of a video and it starts to flicker on your screen!!!
9523	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
4734	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works very well. Tried it in car, cd recorder and walkman.
I want to thank Jim at Bethany House for my copy of this book to review.
4834	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I am in the process of digitizing old VHS tapes using a VCR connected to my PC. I had copied a few tapes when the device began to display a message that the heads needed to be cleaned. Using this wet system has allowed me to continue with my project. There are no instructions included, but one simply wets the wick on the spindle from the small opening in the bottom with the included fluid (alcohol by the smell) and run it through a cycle. It worked well for me.
Up for your own project? Head over to the XDA developer forums and find out how to load a clean version of Android either right on the device or run it off a microSD card.
4578	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this to replace another (Insignia brand) that I had and accidentally damaged the cable on.  I don't know why, but this one squeaks static noise like a buzz sound.  It's intermittent but it's awful and too annoying to continue to use.
THAT is how good this thing is.
2135	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you want a book light to use when reading in the dark or low-light, I recommend the Mighty Bright TravelFlex Book Light. It is reasonably priced, well-made, light and small, easily positioned over a book page or Kindle display screen, attaches quickly and securely, the light is bright and the battery life is exceptional. And, it comes in several appealing colors. I have four of them - one I keep in my purse, one in my camping and vacation satchel, one in the living room, and one in the bedroom.
3588	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	it works as it.


8743	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	it did not last. the plastic is brittle

2485	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good item
7697	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent build quality.  the color was also very nice.
One small quibble is that the snagless housing makes for a big cable end, which could become problematic if you are plugging many cables into a small hub. Otherwise, great.
But, radio reception never improved.  We went through a half dozen radios attempting to find something that could grab a specific PBS station we enjoyed most, KQED from San Francisco.
4969	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I need clean heads for transferring my old tapes, and this help clean my heads. Yes, some of us still use VHS. And I have been looking for head cleaners for some time and I could not find local. I think I will get several more J.I.C.
3325	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Verry good

2337	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very handy. I give these with USB multi chargers as cute little gifts, stocking stuffers, co worker gifts.
5315	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	work great
I'm a radio fan, not a radio geek.  I just like to play around with radios that are easy and fun to use and sound good.  If you're like me, I'll bet you'll like this radio.  If you're a geek, you may have more bones to pick with it, but on that I really cannot comment.
5352	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A friend of mine had this radio for listening to sports.  We live in a small town and have trouble receiving AM stations from the city on normal radios.  With the Superadio, there's no problem.  The tuner is sensitive and easy to use, the speaker sounds good, and the dials are tough.  I think this radio is a perfect part of anyone's emergency kit.  You'd be able to tune in stations from far away in the event of a power outage in your area.  So far I've used mostly the batteries for power and they're lasting nicely (the product instructions say they'll last for 460 hours of on time).  Do yourself a favor and buy this radio, it's a fun toy and a useful tool.
The battery life seems great- I charged it all the way up using my usb-to-outlet power adapter that I have for my iphone/ipad, and it worked great. I haven't had to charge it again, and I've been reading for about an hour each day.
2156	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Lightweight and very compact.  It's excellent for reading at night.  I do wish it had 2 brightness settings though, because it is VERY bright.
8796	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I am in love with this case!
9714	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
463	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to mount, perfect fit.
8918	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	And now I have one.  I tested it, tied to multiple connectors back to the source and it works perfectly, with no delays, etc.
8933	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to connect another PC to the router and this cable made installation easy. Was able to run it from the router, through a floor hole, across the basement, and up through a hole near the additional PC with no kinks, twists, snags or curls. The PVC jacket is solid and thick for excellent protection and yet the cable remains flexible so I was able to bend it through some pretty tight spaces.
Play dirty tape until quality dropped
Finally Mary knows the time as come. She hunts around the rusting trailer until she finds the stash of cash from the drug deals, and then runs away, stealing their pick up truck. She abandons the truck in town, and takes a bus to Alexandria, Virginia, where she takes on her mother's identity and finds sanctuary in the shadow of a decades-old church.
8737	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	After reading every review we could find, we ventured for the first time into the digital photographic world purchasing the Olympus 340-R digital camera.  We were definitely not disappointed.
In short, I'm madly in love with it.  I have not had any problems with it.  The charge holds for a pretty long time, I haven't measured it in time myslef.
6211	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my USB antenna that I use for my boat while anchored.
8690	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought for paintball referee communication use. This speaker/mic provides loud audio and easy to key voice commo.
Brother Labeling Tapes are durable and affordable. The "crack and peel" feature alone makes it worthwhile to switch to the Brother Labeling System.

8625	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product
7623	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works as expected

that one handy tip!  Then, Jack's friends, family, and
But this particular item in review is perfect and affordable.
2440	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good

7517	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Love the long cord. The surge protector seems well made and the connections are solid. My only complaint is that I had difficultly mounting this securely to the wall as the slots in the back are not as easy to use as on other power strips.
8800	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Like the product.

Although I am not used to reading Sci-Fi novels, I was pleasantly surprised at this author's skill in character development as well as keeping the readers on the edge on their seat frantically flipping pages to see what was going to happen next.
3141	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great, soooooo easy to install, as long as you know how to change the IP address on your computer to do the setup.
Appeared solid and strong
I bought this brother M231 tape cartridge to replace my friends tape that I used. I don't have any idea of weather it worked or not. But, he hasn't complained to me about its quality. Why would he? it was free!

9351	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well worth the price
Why anyone that is comfortable with technology would buy an iPhone is beyond me, but to each their own....
MANY USB PRINTERS HAVE BOTH USB AND PARALLEL PORT CONNECTIONS Many USB printers have both a parallel port cable connection as well.  That is one of those huge flat type ones (roughly 2" wide).
With the way these work, you can't do that.
Amazon makes buying the same thing painless - cause they have purchase history.  The vendor makes the rest painless by supplying a high quality product.
2024	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a great little light.  Lots of light very flexible.  Only drawback is it has a short battery life when used for long periods of time.  Best used for short intervals.  USB lights are better for long term use.

- EPUB! If you don't know, now you know. In the ereader wars, this is the Nook's leg up. EPUB is the standard, non-proprietary format for ebooks. It is easy enough to convert ebooks to other formats, but why should you have to? ALL ereaders accept EPUB files (except Kindle), so it's just one less thing to worry about.
6741	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Dust is a horrible thing! And no matter how hard I try, I can't seem to keep it away from my stuff.
5671	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've looked far and wide for this style of tie and was incredibly happy to see the always affordable Belkin brand be there for me.  Terrific price and very well made.  Buy more than one pack and keep these handy in the shop, because they are useful for so much more than tying cables.
8104	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's a good cable.  The only thing I would change on it is to make the snagless attachment more like what is on the Cables to Go 27150.  It's just a better design, but this one still does the job.


2653	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased two and we put one in each car. Now we charge our ipad and iohone together. Can also use to power my Galaxy Note 2 or recharge other USB devices. If you have to think about it you need counseling
1962	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the bright light and the extra width to the light.  I read a paperback book each night in bed before sleep.  this works perfect!
3195	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to replace the computer I had set up as a simple print server.  Worked great with a Brother HL5120.  Took less than 5 minutes to set up.
8811	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A great device to use with the Motorola MR350R. It provides you hands free use of the radio.
Overall, great card if you are looking for a lot of memory at a decent price point.
6722	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These seem to be harder and harder to find.  I use them to polish and buff all kinds of plastic items.  They work well with the Novus plastic polish and don't scratch the plastic at all.

1939	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These lights are great. I use one on My Music stand and My Wife love it for Her reading.
2110	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This light works very well with the Kindle leather case I received not too  long ago. I especially like that the battery is simple to replace, unlike those that use watch batteries that burn out pretty quickly.
4333	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It was what I expected to be and works fine, thought it might have been a larger gauge of wire?
8140	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	what you would expect from belkin.  these are high quality CAT5E cables and they work great to connect all my devices.
6716	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable works perfectly for extending the length of your charging capabilities for smartphones and other uses!
- I treat each product review as though I paid full price for it.
2)  The analog tuning dial is not very accurate (as noted by many others.)
7927	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed. Will be ordering more
***EDIT*** After about four years of daily use the sound has finally deteriorated.  I notice that after about two hours' operation something overheats and the sound becomes muddy and distorted.
So this product surprised me, and that doesn't happen often. It's worth the purchase, and I am already planning to buy at least one or two more in the future for use elsewhere in the house. They're that convenient.  The package comes with the Adapter, plus two Ethernet Cables, a manual on CD, and a fairly clear and concise Installation guide.
Overall I rate this radio as a world class winner!!!
2256	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Wire to headphone broke off in less than a month. Don't buy!!!
8964	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was an unexpected find. The price was more than half of what it sells for locally at the electronic superstores.
6765	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great item and fast shipping!

Product arrived quickly, and was easy to use.
Figured Mighty Bright was a familiar name so better to start here than run through the gamut of off brand lites. If any issues develop I'll be sure to update this. Check out the pics.... beats me babbling on.

8723	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A very nice case. The faux leather feels like the real thing. Very easy to use. I like the snap cover. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the female part of the snap is loosely set in the case and I wonder if it will eventually come off. That may never happen, but it appears there's a good chance it will. At $10 it's a real bargain.

Each holds 50 thin-case (5mm) DVDs in 11 3/4 " (296 mm) x 6 1/8 " (154 mm) height x 5 3/16 " (131 mm) depth.
7677	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I have had mine for five years and it finally gave up the ghost.
4311	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works fine
3412	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This microsd card works well with my Galaxy S4. When taking pictures I don't notice any difference compared to using internal memory.

6776	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My daughter borrowed and misplaced the cable that came with my hotspot. She knows I have a e-gadget collection and asked if I had another, I did. This one is the backup now. She loves to have and use technology but has no understanding of it. I used to do this stuff for a living, so everyone comes to me. Well, she and the hotspot are on good standing again. And, guess what? The darned original cable resurfaced a few days after the replacement was put in place.  Go figure!

3069	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	could not get my Acer netbook to accept this device.returned it .Eventually got a true plug and play LG  one--had much more luck
Great product for a good price
The details:


i recommend it
For those who prefer to listen rather than read, the performance of Ralph Lister as narrator, is awesome. His warm gravely tone lends a sense of mystery and thrill to the captivating prose.
Overall, TDK makes a great choice when you want reliable blank VHS tapes to record television shows or anything else that you wish to record. I have used this brand for many years and I cannot think of any major complaints. I highly recommend TDK premium quality six hour VHS tapes for you to use when you need to record something onto a VHS cassette tape.
1257	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I know Amazon is going to hate me for this but here goes:
3. That swivel head gives great flexibility.


7726	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really like the long cord.  It's helpful keeping the other cords neat.
4094	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	seem ok
9421	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a large collection of "historic family photos" which needed proper identification. I tried one of the "photos pens" from Amazon but it leaked through the paper and ruined a photo. This is not only permanent but looks professional. The cost is secondary here to the functionality. PS - By adjusting the margin setting, printing on the middle font size, and using the return key to create a two line label, you can save valuable tape. Using the "memory" function you can avoid typing common entries too many times.
The third unit, does not connect well.  The blue LED lights, indicating good power connection in the socket, but power to the USB connector is intermittent.  It is possible I just bought one of the few that fails.

It also loves to sit on my dash, while its plugged into my laptop, mapping out neighborhood's wifi connections. ;)

6823	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great design the cable seems like it will last a long time.
9354	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a good produce, but it is too expensive.  Reminds me of buying computer printer for a reasonable price but having to pay excessive amount for printer ink.
8081	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Middle of no where. my wireless card went out. At that time I did not even know what an Ethernet cable was. However it got me up and going. With simple instructions off of YouTube
Actually, the hardware part is OK and the sound is  joyous on those rare occasions when you can get it programmed. But for me,  the trouble overwhelms the joy.  I'll be returning mine and looking at a  Creative Nomad or some next-generation MP3 player.
7411	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	All right, I did not time the recording to make sure I actually got 45 minutes on each side, but the tape snapped into place securely, and I recorded from one end to the other without it tangling inside the recorder. When I played it back, it played back smoothly with no skips or tangles. I have used three or four of them without a hitch, but then I generally do rely on Maxell for my taping needs so I was not surprised. I will buy more again when I need more.
3906	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
1411	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good item, correctly described

9579	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	After printing, I normally pull the label through the separator slot, which separates the backing from the label.
3495	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works just fine in a Galaxy S5.
558	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	used it for vizio 42" tv. easy to install. fit perfectly. what is there else to say? strongly recommend for everyone.

This device has been in use since the mid-1990s. It allows both storage and transfer since it works on any parallel port, which should be defined as "bi-directional" or "EPP". For best results, you should run the "Parallel Port Accelerator" program when the unit is connected. Computers have a limit on the number of IDE devices, and desktop computers have a limited number of bays. The disks are easily replaced to provide vast storage within the 100Mb limit. This device must be connected when all power is off, like with a parallel port printer. Backing up a small amount of data is not a problem, but large amount of data files will run slowly. The fastest transfer is with an internal IDE ZIP device.
-Weight (you get used to it, but it could be lighter)
5642	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like a champ!
1154	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product
3123	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Didn't know what to expect, since it was really cheap, but it works great. Sound quality is good. It is pretty sensitive. Only problem is if in a noisy location can't use Dragon software, as it can't tell what is my voice and what is noise, but I think any mic would have the same problem. I'd recommend this to anyone with an iPhone, iPod or equivalent.
I started questioning my own religion and my own knowledge and the gaps in my knowledge. I like that. I like something that makes me really think about what I believe. What seems right to me based on the information available?

7570	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hopefully, I never have to find out whether these are affective or not, so I can only comment on the concept.  You can either tie two things to a stable, heavy object such as a big desk, or you can tie three pieces of hardware together (such as in the picture) and make it a pain in the behind for someone to take all three at once and walk out your door. Of course, none of that matters if the person knows you have the cable and brings a snazzy pair of bolt cutters.  I haven't seen a product like this before, so I was thrilled to install it (it took 5 minutes); it's a better deterrent than the more popular kensington slot locks but will leave a gray lock on whatever you put it on, so choose wisely.  In the end, as with most inexpensive security devices, it's really about the piece of mind, rather than the effectiveness of the product.  If you want more, you can dish out some extra green and get you one of them "MI2" laser systems.  Cool.
8913	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome cable. Came on time. Works great for my 3D blueray DVD player in bedroom. Had some slowing issue's with cable company and they suggested getting one of these. Went to local electronics store and saw prices. Then found at amazon for longer and much cheaper price. I love this cable, netfilx, amazon prime, redbox instant etc all come in without stopping and rebooting. Thank you very much.
3596	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!!
I did indeed receive a panel with zero dead or stuck pixels... always a joy.
9324	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Price on the M231 label tape.  Will order more soon.

8474	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I looked at a lot of shortwave portables before purchasing this unit, and I have been very happy with it's performance. I got my feet wet in shortwave with a Sangean SG 622, but quickly outgrew it. I bought the YB 400pe with the idea that I would use it for a while, and then transition into something bigger and better, but it has performed so well I don't see that happening. This unit is a KEEPER! I really like the fact that everything you need is included in the box. AC adapter, external antenna, earphones, and carrying case. You can buy this radio for this price anywhere. Save yourself the wait (and possible damage) of UPS shipping. Just drive to your local Radio Shack and pick one up.
8613	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use my Motorola 2-way Radios when I do Road Rallies in my Mini Cooper. Being able to leave the radio in the cup holder and have the microphone/speaker clipped to my seatbelt puts the sound where I need it and makes it safer and more convenient to communicate with others. Sound quality inbound and outbound is crystal clear and loud enough to hear over the engine, radio and open windows. Can not imagine using the radios without the additional microphone
2649	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Yo get exactly what you order in a timely fashion. And the item is just as described. Great buy if you ask me
2255	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Really like these headphone.  Wanted something for the office that when I had on people would know not to disturb.  Love the color.  Easy to store in my desk cause they are not bulky.  Blocks out quite a bit of sound.

Exactly what i wanted
The nook is comfortable in all sorts of positions, laying in bed, on the couch, holding it next to you; even laying it away from you and increasing the font so that you could read without holding it. I highly recommend a reading light, especially if you had grown accustomed to reading LCD screens in the dark (my kindle program on my Android phone.)
9218	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is my introduction to the digital camera.  So far, I'm very pleased with the results.  The Mavica is programmed with five picture formats: Fine, Sepia, B&W, Negative Art, and Solarize.  It is easy to use, even for the beginner.  I disagree with some of the reviewers regarding its size.  I was able to shove it in my purse when I wasn't using it; however, for the price, I would've liked to see it come with an extra battery and a carrying case.  It does come with a shoulder strap, which isn't uncomfortable. The camera has zoom capability, but I found that you have to be careful with blurring.  I don't fault the camera, but the photographer.  I have had some experience with blurred pictures and red-eyes.  Photo-enhancing software such as PhotoShop will take care of that.  I know because I've tried. The Mavica works well with Macs and PCs.  The only problem I came across was sending the pictures after editing them with PhotoShop.  If your mother doesn't have the same software that you do, then you will have to send that blurry or red-eyed picture of Junior.  Oh, well. I like this camera, but if I win the lottery someday, I will go out and buy a CD camera because of the memory constraints that these floppy-based cameras have.
9686	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The item was just as advertised and the price was right.
The good
843	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect
  The earphones are large enough to cover most ears and are comfortable for extended wear. (I've been wearing them while sitting at the computer for the laat five hours without any discomfort.)
But I've taken photos of my cats at home where their eyes look more like diamonds than eyes, and I took some pictures of the Christmas tree where the lights looked more like the stars or snowflakes than lights on a tree.
The bottom line for this once very superior design is that apart from a few fanatics (like myself) who have yet to upgrade to a new USB-only PC (or Mac) the FX is dated, and soon will be obsolete and incompatible with the new equipment coming out.
 3. 3.5mm headphone jack.

9700	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Makes finding things so much easier.
The upgrade proceeded easily and without glitches, and it seems to have solved the problem; though I haven't put the duration of a battery charge to the full test yet, the charge indicator is holding at 100% after a full day, including more than an hour of reading.  That compares very favorably to the 83% discharge rate I had been experiencing in just three days using the old firmware.  I will report back if the battery problem returns.
1280	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I can't find anything bad to say about my  new Nook. I ordered another Nook for my daughter's birthday  but , they ran our.
6032	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good, use these before very satisfactory.
3715	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Simple, needs no instructions to install.
2229	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It fulfilled my needs, good picture and easy to hook up.
5719	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked as advertised
2038	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very glad I bought this.  My wife has a similar but battery operated book light by the same company, and like that one, this light is quite well built.  It plugs into a USB port and has 2 brightness settings and an off setting.  The highest setting is indeed "Mighty Bright!" The lower setting is the one I personally prefer when working in the evenings. But it's nice to have both settings and either one will illuminate the full keyboard nicely.

Edited Jan 1,2009
3178	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to set up, did what it was designed to do, my HP LaserJet 3015 is now on the network.
2907	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Poop,returned it.
3571	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
9827	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works - prompt delivery - not issues - OEM brother cart - works just fine in my label maker - not sure with whats up with Amazon's posting filters - their trying to tell me my original review couldn't be posted ? - its a great product ! - like what gives ?
I think it's impossible not to develop feelings for your Kindle, I mean we get sentimental and romantic over our physical books so it's natural that you'd love the mechanical thing that lets you read so many books. I think this Moleskine really just adds to that, it gives the kindle a  natural feel and almost makes it so you don't even acknowledge that the Kindle is a mechanical object. That being said I think the best thing about this case is its appeal to Moleskine fans. If you've never had a Moleskine and are just looking for a good case then by all means this is a great one. However if you are a Moleskine fan and love your Kindle, then you SERIOUSLY will NOT be disappointed in this! There's no way you can't love it.
Bottom Line:  read the free sample.  If you like it, it's worth powering through a little dry material.  The good far outweighs the bad in this novel.

They are small so be sure to keep them in a dish or container so you will be able to find them next time you want to use the microphone, because of their size I suggest that you pick up a couple extra.. so very easy to misplace one of these.  Even when I KNOW it is in a partcular drawer, sometimes it is still hard to find them.
Well, if you're of the mindset that you don't quite want to give up the tactile experience of a physical book, I'm telling you that you will quickly overcome that.  My wife has read thousands of books in her life and was an aspiring Librarian in her youth, but once she started on one of these, you couldn't PRY it out of her hands without serious trouble lemmie tell ya...and I've talked with some of the most resistant Curmudgeons of age 50 and above who tried it and got the same story.
3428	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Can't complain about this card, it does the job, no troubles at all; just plug it in and you are good to go.
6740	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cleans DVDs, gameboy screens, computer screens. Nice.
618	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is my first Tv wall mount and I couldn't ask for any thing better. You can watch your Tv from any direction. Comes all different types of screws to hold your Tv to the mount. Also comes with2.5 inch long bolts to hold mount on the wall.

9009	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking for the best camcorder in the market, stop looking this little toy has it all. The quality of the picture and sound are so great the you will feel and see every thing that you filmed as if you where there  LIVE again. If you have a home theatre system with Adobe Digital 5.1 you  will really see what I mean. The only down side is you will need a battery  that lasts longer and make sure you get more tape.
My advice, if you have these tapes, is to run them a bit before you record to them. Pop 'em in your deck and fast forward the entire tape, then rewind fully. Maybe a few times. With one tape, after recording one side just fine it was stopping every 3 seconds no matter where I started from on the opposite side, until I performed the above. YMMV. Recorded audio sounds fine.
4454	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not even me but also my friends used it for our car cassette players. Worked well, no bad comments. I am happy.
1895	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just bought my Nook from someone on Craigslist and I desperately needed a case for it. This is perfect. It has an excellent feel in the hands and keeps my Nook touch protected!
3. The start up time is atrocious. I can't defend this one in anyway. Amish people can put up houses in a faster amount of time before the Nook would have a chance to get to your homepage. Ok, so not quite that slow, but you get the idea. I haven't timed it yet but I'm going to take an educated guess that it takes around 1-1/2 minutes to start up. That is something that should have been addressed from B&N to begin with. Again, I can't defend this one in anyway.
I'm not buying anymore Uniden phones or headsets.
64	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a school assignment for my grandchild who is not that excited about reading. Well, she couldn't put it down. I spoke to the teacher and she said all the kids are really enjoying it. It's a great book for a tween boy or girl.
3101	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Microphone works as it should very clear recordings.
you get those so u can view for many yrs to come.  don barajas
8694	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I have an old set of Kenwood radios with external speaker mics, but they are getting old. So I bought a pair of motorola GMRS radios and these external speaker mics. I must say, they feel really well built. They are solid, with a good clip. There is just one problem.  They suck.  Talking and listening through these things is like talking and listening through a pillow. It was such a disappointment. I had to ask my friends to keep repeating themselves. Now I have to shop all over again. Don't get these.
3.  The "wide" bandwidth is useless to me.  There is no radio signal in my area strong enough for it.  I have to use the narrow setting, intended for weak and distant stations, for everything.
5019	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I have to say I was sorely disappointed in this mp3 player. I read mixed reviews before purchasing and though well maybe there is a chance I'll get a good one. It's a total gamble for the price. Well,I can't even begin to figure out how to use this thing. It came with no instructions and it's so confusing I don't believe even a tech savy teen could figure this mess out. And it's so cheaply made it looks like it could break in half at any moment. I don't recommend this mp3 player. It's a waste of time and money. Avoid this one.
8259	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The tape arrived as promised.  It is working OK.
6119	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected..

5739	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product ...high quality
Before I go any further, I must  advise you to get the following options:  two sets of rechargable NiMH  batteries which should be standard with the camera (I use the Kodak ones  available at Amazon.com), a higher-capacity memory card (I use a 128 MB San  Disk - Nikon's OEM), and some sort of adapter to transfer your images  quickly - the serial cable is just too slow.  I have purchased a SanDisk  adapter and insert the memory card directly into the PCMCIA slot on my  laptop computer for rapid transfer.
8076	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job I got it for at a stellar price. No complaints. Buying from Amazon saved me money. I would have paid a lot more had I gone to Radio Shack or Best Buy.
7333	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Is a simple passthrough cable.  It does what it is supposed to do.

3622	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price, plug&play on Samsung Galaxy Note

This epic head cleaner actually made the heads in a 40 year old VCR work better than the heads that were in a 10 year old VCR with only 2 uses. Needless to say, I was quite impressed.
1876	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It protects my nook..  The clips that hold the nook in seem a little loose in comparison with my old gray with silver words B&N nook case.  I like the feel of it.  I don't like that I can't fold back the front cover some to make it smaller when holding it.  The leather is stiff.  I'm not sure the magnetic latch will stay on forever.
Paid $[...] for this in April 2010.  Biggest waste of money I ever spent.  not worth the hassle of getting it repaired.  Made me miserable and unhappy for three days.  This is not how I want to spend my life--feeling miserable and abused and wondering how I got suckered into this huge mistake.
9212	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Working very well. I wish these things didn't cost so much, but I guess that's what to expect when buying an antique. This is a good one.
3090	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased in 2011 and working well in 2015......  perfect for the ipods...  Grandkids have several Talking Tom type of games on their ipods and needed the microphone to be able to use all aspects of the game.
Update (several years later). This unit is really lousy. I called tivo for an unrelated issue one day, and the guy on the phone said "you're using one of those wireless modem things aren't you" - he could tell because my dialup pattern was an abbatoir. I didn't know because the tivo managed to mask the failures, but after trying several online tivo updates, I got to finding out how much this really doesn't work. I have a series 2 tivo now and am using an 802.11 network which is infinitely better and faster.
1903	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A good cover for left-handed or ambidextrous nook readers. Perfect fit. Makes my favorite way to read much more enjoyable!
The complete parts list (note that Amazon.com does not carry ALL of the listed accessories) needed to duplicate my installation is:

4557	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm. Some day I may own a care with Bluetooth and not need it anymore.
9766	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked very good, was what it said it was, look good, a very good buy for the money, and was shipped in timely manner.
5116	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My review will focus on how well the 370z replaces a 35mm point-and-shoot. I've been very happy with my Pentax IQZoom90WR for six years and I wanted to see if the 370z could replace it for most situations. LENS QUALITY:  Indistinguishable except in HDTV mode at small focal lengths where  curvature is noticable at the sides. Still acceptable. RESOLUTION:  Indistinguishable on 4x6/4x7 prints at ASA 100 and 200. Lack of precise  definition of edges with ASA 400 but still acceptable. If you want to blow  up the photo to 8x10, you'll want to use ASA 100 and that will limit you to  bright light situations. If I decide to do night photography outdoors (like  the Disneyland parade), I'll switch back to my 35mm using ASA 400. (I  should note however that the 370z performed well. I'm just a bit of a  perfectionist.) RED-EYE REDUCTION: Not as effective as my Pentax IQZ90WR.  Based on the shots I've taken, red-eye occurs in 10-15% of my face-on flash  shots. The occurence with my Pentax is less than 1% but it does use a  pre-flash whereas the 370z uses a mini-lamp. PORTABILITY: Excellent! Put it  into its case and strap it to your belt and you won't know it's there. This  is a BIG plus of the 370z since it allows you to enjoy your environment as  well as be a photographer. The worst shot in the world is the one you  didn't take because you didn't have your camera with you. FOCAL LENGTHS:  Comparable but the 370z is a step-zoom whereas my 35mm has a continuous  zoom. This is not much of a problem since you'll rarely encounter a  situation that requires absoultely precise framing with a zoom. FRAME  FORMATS: Panoramic mode shows too much grain at ASAs 200 and above.  Thankfully there's ...MID-ROLL CARTRIDGE CHANGE: Excellent feature! Allowed  me to switch to ASA400 at night and ASA100 when the sun was bright.  WISHLIST ITEM: If only it were weather-resistant or splash-proof. SUMMARY:  It's replaced my 35mm point-and-shoot for documenting my family's vacations  and daily activities but I still keep my 35mm in a suitcase or the car for  rainy days, special night shots, or situations where I might want a photo  blown-up to 8x10. This camera is well designed for its target market; the  average photographer who wants to capture day-to-day shots.
9928	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	this is a good label. sticks well and stays on. only thing is its hard to peel the back of the tape
Heavy duty cord
703	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I must admit, I'm very cautious of what I buy especially when I've seen this identical bracket in the electronic stores priced three to four times than this one.  Bracket arrived much faster then what Amazon estimated and was well packaged.  The directions were adequate but I'm very mechanically inclined so used them as a quick guide and had this bracket installed with my Sony 37" LCD in under a half hour.  My hats off to the marketing folks with this manufacturer as they did their homework and included additional hardware and brackets to meet any possible configuration out there.  Including mounting tools and level were also an exceptional idea.  And tossing in a 7' HDMI cable was the icing on the cake.
3204	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	TP-Link makes really dependable products that generally sell for considerably less than the competition.  So I decided to give the TP-Link USB2.0 Port Fast Ethernet Print Server (TL-PS110U) a try, especially seeing as their other products in my home network are working perfectly .
Would buy more!

Durability:


*****************************************************************************
3363	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Just got back from a week in London and Paris. I used this adapter to power my HP laptop and I used it's built-in USB port to charge my Blackberry Bold, iPhone 3GS, and iPod Touch with no problems at all. The built-in lights are really handy. The power light lets you know it's plugged into a working AC wall plug. I found that not all plugs in the Chicago and Houston airports are working, so having the light was really handy for finding a working outlet. The second, USB, light gets brighter or dimmer as power is pulled by the USB device. For example; when my Blackberry was plugged in and recharging, the light glowed somewhat dimmly, but when I made a call, the light glowed more brightly. So you can tell when you have a good connection to your USB device.
3043	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice product to have since my netbook does not play cd's or dvd's. Now I can watch a movie or play music while browsing the internet.
1017	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this card for a 3D camcordar, wich demands FAST access. It delievers. And I'm using also on a canon DLR 20.6mp, which does need fast access too. Nothing to complain at all.
When things start up, Rye and Tory have some conflicts between them due to some publicity/tabloid stories (both good and bad) that cause some difficulties. Before too long though, Rye and Tory become friends, finding that they like chatting and having each other as company. When Rye's family issue become more pressing, he turns to Tory for support and this pushes them closer. Rye hasn't seen himself as having anything to offer a woman and therefor can't see himself getting seriously involved or married to a woman and Tory sees his reluctance in this area clearly. She's not willing to get her heart broken but things end up pushing them together and eventually they both let themselves go there. Things aren't perfect after that though and both external and internal issues end up causing drama that pulls them apart. Things look pretty bad for a while but Rye grows as a person and eventually realizes he can't live without Tory. He makes a great effort to get her back and although Tory was pretty positive things were done between them, she can't help but be touched by his actions and they're able to come back together in a very sweet HEA.

8669	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It is really good if works. However, I bought 3 of these speakers to keep my family in contact while we scatter over a ski resort. In 6 weeks after the purchase microphones failed in two out of three pieces. It was too late to send them back to Amazon, so I spoke to Motorola about the issue, just to learn that they do now honor warranty if this piece was bought from 3rd party reseller.


7244	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	On time, item as described.
(3)  The headphone jack takes a stereo (mini) plug (even though not surprisingly the sound through the headphones is monaural), which I consider to preferable to a monaural jack, because effectively all headphones have stereo plugs.
There is so much more going on in the lives of Rye, Tory, Tammy, Ameila Ann, and Ryes parents.  I loved how complicated the plot of this seemingly innocent romance became.  Ava Miles has a talent for complicating their lives yet still seeing the end.  Her use of language is spectacular.  Another good thing is that Country Heaven  is on Kindle Unlimited and its sequel in only $0.99.  I can hardly wait to start the next book.  It is on my Kindle and ready to go.
3623	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product, Thanks.
3940	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this little package for some real connecting,came fast enough for me to say. Havn't got the rest of my order to perform my hook-up yet,so being fast didn't work for me this time(LOL)  THANKS FOR THE FAST SERVICE..........
4576	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work, not worth sending back. Caveat emptor
9244	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this tape with my labelmaker for years and have been very happy with it. I went to Staples and ofcourse they were out of the black on clear so I went home and ordered on Amazon. I should have done that the first time!
9979	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far, this has been a great radio. This is my first CB radio, so I do not have much to compare it to, but I will try to go over a few things that might be important.

9637	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works perfectly in my 10+ year old Brother label maker.  Bother could make this product better by adding an easy peal backing as it is sometimes harder to peal these than other label maker labels I have used.
-very good sound with built in speaker
I have had a couple of occasions to use their warranty.  A lot of stuff of theirs has come with a lifetime warranty.  Good service and never an argument.  Throw in very competitive pricing and that a winner for me.
Now, if only the author, John Ray, came out with a more advanced book for me!

The review before mine notes that some of the illustrations are so small as to be difficult to read. This is a fair criticism, but is more than outweighed by the virtues of this very ambitious visual training manual. Considering what the author attempted, this book is a brilliant success. Yes, there are warts, but they are few and not consequential.
24	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got tired of the remote being on the wrong side of the bed. I was going to buy a generic remote when I got the idea to look for the real thing.  For a few bucks more I got this one. It is the same one as Time Warner gives you, works exactly the same, don't have to relearn anything.
Net/net:
It does what I want it to do,so I'm satisfied.
2178	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A gift I gave it to my mom in India, works great and very bright light output.
- Side loaded content has to be side unloaded also. No deletion method from the Glo directly.  Nook books you can double tap and archive and they are taken off your Glo, not deleted from you library.
I'm pretty sure that anyone who takes the time to try both Nook and Kindle will like the Nook better. As reading devices go they just make more sense. As far as a full fledged tablet goes you'll have to look to Apple or Samsung in my opinion. Matter of fact I am writing this review on my iPad and shortly I will go back to reading on my Nook Tablet.
9393	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed.
515	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My sister and over 10 of my friends have payed over $100.00 for one of the same mount at many of named brand stores I bought 2 of the same wall mounts for way less then what they paid for one "Great job AMAZON your site is one no the best..
4889	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I don't know if a 2 star review is fair for this product - but that's what I'll give it.  This was an "impulse" Amazon purchase.  I own a 20+ year old vehicle and thought, after 20+ years, the CD player might benefit from a good cleaning.  (I also ran this CD lens cleaner a few times through my five year old PC's CD player.)  After running this lens cleaner (numerous times) through both my car's and my PC's CD player I noted NO difference in player performance.
7508	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like this very much because of the weight and the convenience of all the outlets. The cord is very sturdy and long for plugging behind the couch or table. So happy with the purchase.

6784	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good
5) There are some things I could do with my Kindle that I can't do with my Nook Simple Touch, but I don't miss those things.  I needed a simple e-reader that just plain works and Nook Simple Touch satisfies that need in a very inexpensive way WITHOUT ADS.  POINT: NOOK.
5918	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	JUST POP IT INTO ANYTHING THAT PLAYS  MUSIC CD'S( WHICH IS WHY I BOUGHT IT).
5701	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	One inch of the eight is the name tag (belkin), another inch is the hook portion of Velcro.  If there is any movement in the cable bundle you wrapped, it all comes undone, (except that 1" of Valcro) What a waste of money. Buy something else, I am having to.
4243	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works as described.
 I have been using it now for about 3 weeks and the headphone is such a problem and I have been using SONY headphone for a proper Bass sound. Also this blue plastic body of the headphone is very brittle and loose, not fitting yout ears and consequently losing, at least, 1/3 of the volume- wasting more battery power.
8392	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my daughter to go with her keyboard and they are fabulous!  They fit perfectly and I discovered that the plug is an adapter plug so she can use the bigger style for her keyboard but she can use the smaller plug for her other devices.  Sound quality is great and they are comfortable.  What a great buy!
I looked at all the options available, and the Allsop Carbon-Edge is one of the few that doesn't say "not for slot loading drives."  As long as the disc wasn't going to get stuck in there and rattle around forever, I figured I didn't have much to lose.
7706	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Tired of that Fat Ass A/C adapter that disables every socket to its side? Have something chunky with a lot of junk in the trunk that needs to be connected? Well... while other slim and linear surge protectors would say "My anaconda don't" to all that volume... this circular arrangement says "Bring all those bunz, hun". HP and Dell A/C monstrosities will be able to plug nicely and comfy around modest plugs.
Pictures.  The Tablet is a pretty good electronic photo album with all the pinch-and-zoom features you expect.  However, like the music player, there's no way to segregate pictures into albums.  I loaded a document with a ton of embedded images and they ended up in the media gallery as well.  You can delete images from the gallery...except the sample pictures for some reason. Verdict: PASS (but hoping for a feature update or third-party alternative soon)
While checking out the remainder of the unit, I worked with the quick focus lever and found that it didn't hold focus very well either. I would like to see a unit that has a dial focus with a lever fine focus so that the major focus point is stable. The lever focus would be really nice for finer focusing after you have zeroed in on the subject. I would have used them for viewing auto racing for the most part, so once you get the major focus point clear, a lever focus for fine focusing would be great for viewing a moving target like race cars that can vary in distance by up to 1/4 of a mile closer or further than the main focus point as the cars travel around the track. That is where the quick focus lever could do a great job. But to use it for the entire focus field is too much and it isn't fine enough since a tiny bump in the wrong direction can cause you to lose sight of your target object entirely.
6760	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hooked this up to my xbox and plugged in a keyboard and worked flawlessly. Exactly what I was looking for. Can browse on my xbox from my couch now. Awesome
426	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect
4488	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is a total waste of your money....put it in, vcr cuts off.  Over and over.  Pay a little more and get a better one.
7301	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as it should


Once I get another radio, I'm giving this one to the Goodwill.

2179	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had initially ordered the Mighty Bright Sidekick and was so disappointed in its short neck and inability to give light across two pages at once I ordered this to replace it.  I wish I had gone with this to begin with.

2556	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is so convenient for charging 2 things at once. It feels very durable and not cheap. It can handle 2 things at once without it over heating or burning out. Really good, so good I bought another one!
1839	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love it !!
9207	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ive had my Rio 500 for 3weeks and I love it. Save your money on buying better head phones because the ones that come with it are very clear and good. It is quick to erase the memory and almost as quick to put music on. The only thing I don't like is you have to use the battery power to put  music on the Rio 500 but its so fast with USB hookup that it dosent use  much battery power. There also built strong. I go to the Gym and I was on  the Treadmill and it fell out of my pocket hit the mat then shot off the  back and on to the floor, when I picked it up it was still going. It also  hays extra setting in the menu that is good. I think you should get one,  alittle $$$ but very good product. Also I would like to say I am pleased  with Amazon, fast delivery and super service, thanks Amazon...
I also like being able to read any book for an hour a day FREE at the nearby B&N store.

2139	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works fine for us. We needed a small travel light for traveling in parts of Mexico that don't have power 24 hours. We have a Goal Zero solar charger and rechargeable batteries so we are good to go.
9272	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The product works well, and looks great!

9988	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Good portable radio
1023	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I received the product today (4/26), and when installed into my Samsung Galaxy Note 8, a message stated "this device must be formatted", but another message stated "unable to format this device". The Samsung rep I purchased this tablet from said the product will definitely take an 64GB SDHC or SDXC.  I was successful in getting a 32 GB SDHC card to work.
6288	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good
8775	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Useful use this whenever we are with our car club


6064	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as intended until my cat destroyed it.
5. better ebook library. but BN is fast catching up and the ebook that I bought yesterday was cheaper at BN by four dollars. maybe that's an exception but deserves mention. but epub/pdf availability on Nook makes it superior in my opinion. also, new devices such as Irex and Que readers will use BN's collection so more machines will be available, which will improve BN's economies of scale.
949	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	SanDisk quality has really went down hill and trying to get Sandisk to replace their defective products is a complete waste of time. 3 cards now that I have had issues with. The others were 32gb cards. Initially work then undock and nothing will read them or even sense they are installed. Tried many things. To return to SanDisk you have to have screen shot of receipt, a photo of each side of the card....including the printing on the back of the card which is so small you can barely even see it. You then wait to see if they will accept them, then mail them in, then you wait and wait. I will not buy them anymore.
673	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This tv wall mount is an example of you get what you pay for.  It does the job and is sturdy when tightened down so the TV isn't going any where.  The problem is that the TV level is different when the wall mounts arm is extended or retracted.  If you level the TV with the arm retracted so the the TV is against the wall the TV will be slanted when you pull the arm out to full extension, and vise versa.  I ended up purchasing a Wall mount for twice the money but with non of the problems.

Do not buy this old, obsolete product.
It's lightweight and can be held easily in one hand.
9605	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great with the  P-Touch machine. No problems at all. Fast delivery too.

2715	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	sturdy.
5648	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have a GM in-dash AM/FM/CD player (single disc).  The CD would take a disc, try 4-5 times to 'read' the disk (you could hear the laser pickup indexing across the disc).  The disk would eject after the 4-5 attempts to recognize it as a valid disk with a disk error of "ERR 20".

862	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as I expected
2054	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect size reading light.  I've had about 6 different reading lamps and this one is my favorite. I've had this light for about a year now and it has proven the test of time. ;) Highly recommend.
135	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love my Nook Charger... rapid charging

1929	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is so great for my needs! Specifically, I didn't get this for books but for art, I wanted to get a little light  like this so I could draw more easily in areas with dim lighting, I don't always like drawing in my desk area and this is perfect! The neck is so very flexible, moves very easily, the clamp expands pretty wide, it is very bright and the two brightness settings are great. I highly recommend it but this will probably be too bright for some depending on the reasons for wanting to use it.

I fixed this with only a simple small (eyeglass or computer) Phillips screwdriver.  Remove the 5 screws from the back and pry the two sides of the cassette apart.  Since it is made of cheap plastic, all the internal parts will spill out everywhere when you open it.  I removed ALL THE PLASTIC PARTS (3-4 gears plus one plastic gear with rubber on it and the sprockets in the two holes which turn.  Chances are, removing one or a few parts is all you need, but since the entire thing comes apart as soon as you open it, I just removed everything.  Now it works perfectly.  The only downside is there is a slight noise from the tape deck in the car turning faster/louder than it is meant to, since the wheels are spinning freely with no resistance.  However, you can't really hear it unless your music / podcasts are not playing, so it's a moot point.
77	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good condition
9303	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work what a waste of money!!! Hopefully no one else gets suckered into buying this crap of a cord!
I'm constantly labeling things in my recording studio. I use this tape to label patch bays where you have very little space for label.

She hasn't spoken to me for a week now I love it!!!!
* A) * Set the volume going into the transmiter higher. 2) Low volume in will cause popping and fading. Very low volume in will for some reason cause the transmitter to shut down. 2) Higher volume in will allow you to lower the preamp volume on the speakers and play with less distortion and lower noise level. When you increase the volume on the speakers, you are amplifying the NOISE as well as the music. Makes sense, right?
- A lined journal would have been better
Review Starts Here:

2750	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with my purchase of a Tom Tom Cigarette Lighter Go Charger.  It arrived in good order and the connection to our Tom Tom GPS is perfect. I must tell say that in the past, I have ordered non original equipment and have been disappointed with their quality.  Yes, this charger was more expensive then others, but I truly believe in purchasing original equipment from a manufacturer.  If something goes wrong, the company will usually stand behind their product. Worth the extra expense. On another note: I did buy a special case in which to store my GPS and its charger, the charger is fragile, so it needs to be protected.  The tip is liable to break off.

8136	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They are inexpensive, flexible, and work just fine.  I'm just using them in mundane applications.  Don't know how they'd work in high speed applications.
2719	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it should. Simple part. Either will work or won't work.
572	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I no longer have this unit.  When it was used in the past it also afforded a plave to store my transformer and cable bok
Pros
No problems with this wire. Very fast and good length.
6006	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	One stretched out after the first taping.  Another stretched out after 2 months of light use with fluttering of images and sound.  We will not buy these again.
157	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item works exactly as described with no problems so far. The charger is exactly the same as the original that'd you get from Barnes and Noble.
By the way, my radio is a Motorola Talkabout T460.
2283	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great product
208	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice little book. Thank you
454	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Love this product! I bought this for a 46" tv and plan on ordering another for a 27".
This book started so well.  The classic concept of a "stranger in a strange land" should have been fascinating.  It's a sad statement when the common element, which proved comforting for Jian, was signs for McDonalds, KFC and Nike.
9225	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I entered the world of digital photography with a Fuji DS-7.  Cheap, it provided a 640x480 introduction to the fun you can have with a computer camera.  I love the immediate feedback you get when you download the  pictures to your computer and see them pop up!  I shoot many, many more  pictures now that I have a digital camera.
1258	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am so pleased with my new Nook Touch. I have already purchased 4 books and am reading them all. The best part is that there are so many good books that are free ( even one OT/NT free Bible)and most others are under $10. There is also the ability to read samples of books before you buy without going out of the house because the Nook has Wi-Fi.

1136	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought two for gifts, recipients both rave about them
9909	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Midland in my Jeep for several months now and it works great.  It takes up virtually no room and can be disconnected when not in use.  It hooks into my Firestik antennae and gives great reception.  For my use, Jeep trail runs, it is pretty much perfect.  I also like the ability to attach the battery pack and use it out of the Jeep.  I don't use it that way very often, but it can be handy at a campsite.  One of the main reasons that I bought this unit, other than the compactness, was the weather channel capability.  I find that this feature works quite well and is useful when you are away from civilization.  I would absolutely buy this same unit again.
442	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used to mount a 47" LG LCD.  I keep this thing extended fully from the wall almost all of the time with the tv at a perpendicular angle to the wall.  I was skeptical any stand would hold up for this kind of use long term.  Its pretty easy to install even if there weren't instructions (2 bolts).  It's held up perfectly so far, no wobble or anything.  Feels sturdy like it will last forever.  Good buy.
The critism is WRONG.  A.  Can't use left  handed?  Sure you can.  Just put it in the left side!
7919	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a cable...
 It is a bit hard to categorize this book because it covers so many areas. It is part mystery because Sagesse is trying to separate truth from myth when figuring out her family's history. It is part suspense because of Sagesse's short love affair and a moment of violence (and I don't want to give the details of that moment or I'll spoil it for you). It is also a historical novel, rich with information about events in Algeria and France and the United States.
5746	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfetly
7737	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Just like a patch cable should.
8489	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent speaker system for the price. Extraordinary sound, and great Bass. Fully recomended to anyone shopping for computer speakers.

1192	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	OK, I got this thing and plugged it in as instructed, to which it responded by doing Nothing.  After some further research, I found that it likes to be updated.  I followed the instructions on the Nook website and downloaded the newest version and ... Nothing.  The little monster came back just as dumb as before.  It does show cute screens, but not yet anything productive.  So far, Not Impressed.


It's just an AM-FM radio, aggressively avoiding any other features whatsoever.  But it's the gold standard of the type.  When a radio geek wants to say whether some other set is good on FM and, especially, AM, s/he will compare it to the Superadio.
2351	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Although this connector seemed cheeply made, it's done the job well. I've been using it for months and it's still working great.
3873	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	holds a lot of music for my phone
4353	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this cable lets me show pictures and videos from my camera through my TV monitor.  Easy to use.  Clean picture.  It does what it's supposed to do.
Editing/Formatting: 4 3/4 Stars
This haunting story stayed with me several days after I read it.
2077	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This light gets in the way a bit; but it's amazingly bright and the battery lasts a long time.  I have to adjust the light every time I turn a page --- and depending on the book I have to adjust it when reading one side or the other.  Ithas caused me to look very seriously at getting a Kindle Fire HD....  Way to go Amazon - you've got me!  :)
9513	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We used the brothers p-touch for decades now..... these were a good price.
4558	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.



5690	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	FAST SHIPPING  VERY GOOD
1474	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is a pretty nice looking toy but useless for any real application. No matter how hard I try I just can't force myself to try and read a book on the little 3" by 5" screen. The display is small, dim and has poor contrast so it's hard to read unless it's in bright sunlight and pictures on a page are too small to see clearly. It won't play very many types of books besides pdf files and Kindle books are not compatible. Also it goes to sleep if you don't keep constantly moving your finger around on it. Also it's supposed to be able to browse the web but the Web function doesn't do anything but show a Picture of a web page that talks about it's features but if that did work it would be useless since there's no mouse and no way to move around on the page. It can play MP3's that sound ok but it's 100's of times bigger than an iPod and too large to carry around.
6070	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item works as advertised and it was a great price!
5106	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the television band on this radio. It is great when I have to take a shower each morning, not to miss the weather or the local news on the traffic situation.  Great little radio for a good price.
4652	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My other adapter was taken from my car so I needed a replacement. I am satisfied with this one. It does the job well! I'm glad I bought it. :)

Update:  The TV function of this radio is not functional with the digital TV change over.
6648	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Really good to help remove scratches on my dvds
3767	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good came right on time thanks
1987	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's a very nice and useful quick reference for basic use of Nikon D90 DSLR Camera. Its size allows carry in any backpack. If you are a new owner of a Nikon D90 it is a very good reference, although the camera comes with a Quick Guide that is deeper than this. If you've already been using a Nikon D90 for a while (possibly another Nikon DSLR too) does not need this quick guide because you know what's there.
3560	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I  was very happy with the performance of this SD card on my Samsung Galaxy s4. I never had an issue until yesterday. I went to look for a pic to show a friend and the SD card wasn't showing up in the gallery. I performed all the usual things we do when technology starts acting crazy. I took out the card, put it back in, restarted the phone, put the card in my card reader at home. NOTHING. It breaks my heart to say that I lost 2,500 pictures. (Yes, I take a lot of pictures, lol) Major sad face on this one. :(
7600	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great! I've had this for awhile now and works great. Love the long cord and the wide slots for big plugs on my electronics. No more wasted slots because the large plugs cover them up!
Will buy again if need. Recommend.
4436	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is perfect for what I needed! Having these cases protect my work and are solid as carrying cases. They are very fast shippers as well. I wish I had ordered a greater amount!
!!!UPDATE!!!
2811	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love the monitor display but it does get hot (might get a tan using it this winter)
2196	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great!


7863	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What I needed for my Laser Printer.
5587	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this did a great job I definitely heard a sound difference after using this
6205	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product. It did just what I wanted
9859	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've used these labels to do my filing. It's a lot neater and easier to read my files. It's the way to go.

5089	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	[Update 8/19/08: it's over a year since I wrote the original review - radio looks almost new, cleans easily, works great, and still doesn't require frequent battery changes - still love it!]
8272	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I blow through these with internet businesses but the sound quality is really great.
3444	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good with my note 3 no problems
I NEVER recommend this product to anyone.
2621	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great for charging any USB device. I charge my Nexus 7, Sony WX150 Camera, and my Kindle on it while riding in the car.
8981	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	...you simply can't beat this deal!
While the prices for sandisk microsd cards are often among the cheapest anyway, it's worth paying a bit more to buy from a company that stands by their products 100% and makes things so easy and quick for their customers who do happen to experience a rare problem.
8761	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have to assume that the lip-synch problem referred to inearlier reviews must have been taken care of, because I haven'tencountered the slightest problem. The video quality is simply astonishing - I won my wife over by doing a direct comparison with the laserdisc and DVD versions of "Gone With the Wind" - she is 100% sold now! There's enough flexibility that you can upgrade to a component-video-capable TV if you don't have one now; I'm using the S-video output and THAT blows me away.  The remote has EXCELLENT human factors engineering - I have no trouble using it in a dimly-lit room for the usual functions (pause, slow forward/backwards, fast, etc.) plus some HANDY features like "How much time is left on the movie?" Menu access is simple and intuitive, too - no teeny-tiny pixie-sized buttons to feel around for. Full 5.1 outputs and DTS/Dolby Digital if you can use them and a host of options for the two-three speaker folks. Really, this has everything you could ask for in a player in this price range - I don't know who selected the Toshiba as Amazon's pick, but THIS is REALLY the one you want!

When I came across this usb adapter on AMAZON advertised as being compatible with MS Sidewinder Precision Pro, I was excited and ordered it immediately. It was competitively priced and was shipped on a timely basis. It did not come with a driver cd and did not work with my MS Sidewinder Precision Pro even after I downloaded and installed the necessary Windows 7 drivers for it from MS site myself.  It physically fits into Sidewinder Precision Pro's gameport and to the pc's usb port but it doesn't get recognized by Windows7 Pro OS.
8591	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The arrow keys take a little getting used to, but it is great on the wrists.

All of this was wrong; the page turns are quick and do not interrupt the flow of reading.  The touch interface is very nice and I like seeing my book covers in color. When you choose the Cover Flow, your books slide by with the touch of a finger and you simply tap on the book you want to read at that moment.  This was surprisingly helpful when I went to make purchases on the B&N Store. I know you don't judge a book by its cover, but how many times has a nice colorful packaging led me to a book I wanted to read, uhm; many times. I was really intrigued with the "swipe" page turn that you used the touch screen for, however this did not seem to function correctly on the store model or on my own nook. Strangely, after a period of time, it now works perfectly. A representative told me it simply had to adapt to my touch...I don't know how much I trust that statement, however when she turned a page on the display nook it responded to her very well. (Perhaps it was a learning curve?)

I can store and listen to music on my Nook, I can access the internet (mine is WiFi) and use it to search and answer email or update facebook.

PROS:
Personally, I haven't taken advantage of most of the Nook's features yet, but I do like what I see so far. The touchscreen adds a great deal of versatility to the device and I'd say it's easier to access menu options this way than with just one e-ink screen and some buttons. I also appreciate the ability to upgrade the memory with a microSD card, but I would have preferred to do so without opening the device. Also, if you have a problem with the Nook, you shouldn't have a problem getting a replacement. I, er, damaged my first Nook through, shall we say, "user error," but B&N staff was happy to provide a new one for me.
7562	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a power strip and surge protector on a long cord. It does its job. Feels high quality and I can't really ask for more.
963	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	genuine 64GB storage at a good price.
K: The Kindle won't use Epub, which was all I needed to know. It mainly uses it's own Amazon format,while it also uses PDF, mobi and a few others. It makes me feel like Amazon is being greedy, wanting us to only use and buy books from the amazon site. Don't they understand that I love my library?
9725	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good find
2) FUNCTION - This mount is solid. It articulates to the left, to the right. It pans, it tilts. One small negative.....the plastic clips for routing wires are nearly useless. I took them off.
1246	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	price: nook - cheaper or same price as kindle with ads.
714	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was perfect for my 24" LED monitor, I had it up in just a few mins and with no problems.  It included a small bubble level and it also came with a 6' HDMI cable which I was not expecting.
PLOT - 5 Stars
-----
462	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As good as the reviews say it is and as easy to mount.  I was able to do it alone by mounting the X frame to the TV after removing it by separating the long center bolt between the dual and single extension arms.  Just be aware, replacing that bolt is MUCH easier with a second person but everything else is a breeze.  Oh and all the extras screws for swapping out different sets is a plus.  I mounted a 32" ultra thin (15 lbs) Samsung LED.
2222	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is very colorful and cute.  My wife loved it.  You don't buy this because you want an 8GB USB drive.  I bought it because it's a conversation piece and it does work.  They have other designs too. It's a great gift.
7101	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not monster cable type quality, but its solid and does the job. No lag in print time with both a 6' USB cable and 10' USB extension cable.
Wayne
3341	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect excellent
3722	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GREAT AS EXPECTED

Easy to insert
8935	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ita a cable it does what it supposed to do and does it good been doing it for a while now and hope keeps on doing seems like it like what its doing
5924	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works right
216	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	so cute - and great for the price.
716	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	In the process of turning our master bedroom into a fortress of solitude for my wife, we decided to mount our&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Panasonic-TC-L32X2-32-Inch-720p-LCD-HDTV/dp/B0039213XY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Panasonic TC-L32X2 32-Inch 720p LCD HDTV</a>&nbsp;on the wall, above the dresser, to save some space. (You can never have enough dresser space for displaying tchotchkes, amirite, fellas?) My wife wanted a fixed wall mount but I thought the viewing angle required some articulation. (In hindsight, fixed would have worked, too.) This unit was highly rated and the price was right. Sold.
3752	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item as described, arrived on time, good product and great service
1630	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very enjoyable read.  Main characters are fleshed out enough to make an interesting read with enough questions to make you come back for the next book.
670	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	After we located the stud and predrilled all the holes for the screws, this installed very securely and provides a good range of motion.

9307	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	exactly as advertised.
7533	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used this to stretch to my workbench in my garage.  Good quality surge protector!

3648	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
6143	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We bought this shower head for a nmber of reasons including design, size and price. After trying two other similar shower heads, this head worked best.  The finish is error free, there are no blocked nozzels, easy to install without a wrench and provides a soothing experience.
3448	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great gift
Would give this 0 stars if I could.
5729	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A little on the pricey side maybe. But they do the job and are well made..
7468	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	nice features sounds good , unfortunately it died after 4 months of heavy use
3096	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice item
Well I'm here to tell you that if you plan to use this on anything important, forget it. The CD was left with more scratches than before (the "protective" pad actually MAKES scratches WORSE than a paper towel...) and it's just a horrible product. I followed the directions to a T. Thanks Maxell for wasting my money and my time.
7463	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My brother and I bought a set of KLH 970 speakers  8 or so years ago for my father to replace some old larger speakers in his house, and they are the best value speakers I have ever seen. We liked them so much we got a second set to replace the other set of speakers on his stereo. These little guys really deliver a great range of sound in a small package.  It's not suprising to me that KLH is still making this exact model this many years later.  You can't find another 3 way sound speaker at this price.  Also, they are durable and are weather resistant. I don't recommend leaving them on a patio in a monsoon or a blizzard, and the black doesn't make good friends in bright sun, but you can mount these to the porch or patio roof/overhang and leave these out in damp weather with no loss of wear or sound, at least not as of yet. The more I looked around at different facilities with PA or sound systems outdoors, the more I have noticed these speakers being utilized.  So if you have just a few bucks and want to some aged speakers, this is the perfect little set to get.  Everybody thinks bigger and pricer is better, but I have to argue that these speakers have done their job superbly, and thats why my dad still uses them 8 years later. This 970 set of KLH speakers are actually Identical speakers to the 980 models, but run a 5-40 watt range whereast the 980 series runs 10-100 watt range.  So don't break the bank if you want a set of small speakers, I think you will be suprised. Note, as with many small speakers, if you are a bass sound fan, then you might want to buy a sub-woofer, but these do a fine job at normal range.
7358	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	geat price
(1) You can't use it for a PDF, magazine, or anything with graphics because YOU CANNOT ZOOM OR ROTATE. I have purchased some books with pictures and figures that you can't see.  Guess they want you to get the color tablet-like Nook, huh?  Nope, not going there (see above).

You could spend four times this much on an articulating TV mount, but I don't see why you would.
2244	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this a few years ago and forgot to write a review. Needless to say I'm still using it and have no problems. I purchased this back when the cheapest HDMI cord was $30.00. Great buy, I recommend it.
This will work well for someone who simply wants to read, no frills. For me it's perfect. If you want more, get a tablet.
8577	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	But, not worth not much more than 7 dollars. Hard to believe Grundig would put their name on something with a tuner that is this AWFUL. They make a solid case, put 3 speakers in it...and the tuner is worse than my clock radio-local radio stations are even fuzzy, non-existent at night. You can bet I will never buy Grundig ANYTHING ever again. People actually pay 150-200 dollars for this radio. Unreal.
3142	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I couldn't communicate with it at first. I plugged up a different Ethernet switch and then it started working. I haven't had time to troubleshoot the first switch and see what was going on. I would prefer it have software already in it like a router and just entering an IP in a browser to setup, but the software on disc did work and I was able to get my USB printers working and could print to them from any pc on same network directly to the IP address I assigned.

7287	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These feel nice in your hands and have a great tension in the handle. Since these are metal, don't use them with nonstick or enamel cookware.

7374	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Items were as advertised...great quality...excellent ...A+++++++
Justification for My 4-star Rating:  For some reason, the car adapter stopped working after six months of normal use.  Unfortunately, the car adapter is no longer available for stand-alone purchase on Midland's website.  Frankly, i do not want to buy the whole set just for one item.  And to be honest, i could probably give this set a 3 to 3.5 star rating simply *because* the car adapter stopped working after just six months.  I think i took decent care of it. ***** Update ***** ------>  You can call Midland and order the car adapter.  Mine arrived within a week.
5376	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Still using.
3649	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's made to do.
> To pause, click the "ON/OFF/PLAY/PAUSE" button.
7682	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice sturdy cable...works with Gigabit as well, since its not too long...
What Id like to see;
I had a set of hi-ball glasses that had words on them (Peace, Trust, Wisdom, Love, Joy, etc.) They were inexpensive, but I enjoyed seeing the words when I drank from them. Well, after a while, the words wore off and they were just plain clear (still cheap) glasses. I needed a few more glasses and I wanted something a little nicer, preferably made from recycled glass.
6242	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it is a cable. It was nicely made, worked/works just fine. it wa slong enough to get where I needed.
I'd say this is a 3.5, but the page turning nature rounded it up for me.
22	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Got them and only 2 of them worked. company called me after the feedback and told me they would send me a refund. The 2 that are working are doing fine. I like the lighted feature a lot for the night time.


Monitor occasionally does not come on.  I have to physically detach power for several minutes, then it seems to work fine again.
4915	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The item worked. That the item cleaned my lenses. I would recommend this to customers who has cd and dvd players.

9271	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It was good to find these labeling tapes at Amazon...at a good price.  They can be expensive in office supply stores.  Tape was in the original packaging and works fine. These Brother labeling machines come in handy for lots of labeling projects and this one is nice because it prints on clear tape.
- Connects your mini HDMI devices to a monitor to view your content!
Would highly recommend!

225	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a very classic and unusual photo album, showing a camera that was used so long ago. It also keeps shut because of the loop and button. Doesn't hold a lot of pictures but just enough to carry some memories with you.

2747	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought a black protector for my Lenovo T510 to help protect it from spills. Overall I am pleased with the item, but it wasn't a perfect fit to the keys on the keyboard. Regardless, it does cover the majority of the sensitive area. Seller was quick to respond to questions, great customer service! Would recommend this product and seller.

- Power button on back gets covered by cases.  I end up not putting the Glo in standby but just wait for it to go off by itself.
7031	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These work exactly as expected. I tested data transfer speeds with and without the extension cable and there was no difference. Simple plug and play. They say not go longer than 10 feet for low speed devices and 16 feet for high speed devices. For kicks I plugged two cables in for a total of 24 feet (4 foot external hard drive cable plus two 10 feet extensions) and there was no speed difference or loss of data. If you need an extension, these work perfectly.
75	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's great
909	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Stopped working shortly after purchasing and using in my phone. Had to buy another to replace. Unfortunate, given the high price.
7384	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Every time I play one of these tapes, it messes up extremely bad and tape spits out all over the floor. The tape. It's so messed up. My girlfriend put in a tape with her foot and pressed play with her big toe and it started speeding up really fast and tape was spitting out all over the arch of her foot where it's snow white right there. Then she started pulling tape out of the cassette with her toes while it was trying to play and she was making it mess up extremely bad and spit all over.
1397	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Transaction. Made it for Christmas also. product was in perfect condition and my Daughter is having a blast on it. I would highly recommend this Product and Seller
4207	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product works as claimed. Close to the best price for the capacity. I got a FREE LG Rumor 2 through the Sprint network and wanted to upload music and screensavers to my phone. I purchased this 4GB MicroSDHC, a phone cover, screen protector, car charger and Plantronics Voyager 855 Wireless Two-Way Stereo Bluetooth Headset all for about $50.00 off Amazon. I only call and text. So this was a great deal on memory to improve my free and awesome text phone on a Sprint plan for about $50.00 a month. So if you're a basic cell phone user on a budget that's looking for the best deal for the least money this card should do the trick.
1769	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome story!  Couldn't put it Down. Already reading the next one in series!
3603	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Read that these were the most reliable cards. Been using for 2 months now and no problems. Cheaper memory cards have given me problems in the past.

2609	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Very loose in 12 volt receptacle , and even when it is if the socket and the led is on it won't charge. I swapped it with the other brand I bought and that one works.  Might want to pass this one up.

5657	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it's a patch cable and it works what else is there to say?
5947	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's just a patch cable.

Pros:

2807	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Great Amazon seller.  This product gives you a low profile, attractive way to mount your Ez Pass to your windshield.  I just hated how the ugly white Ez Pass transponder looked affixed to my windshield.  Now it's cleverly hidden inside this black pouch.  NOTE:  The pouch does NOT impede the operation of the transponder in any way.  I'd like to add that the suction cups that hold the pouch to the windshield are strong and effective.  Through hot summer days and cold winter nights, the suction cups have not failed and the pouch has stayed in place.  * * * * * Five Stars for this simple buy unique and effective product.
19	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice....
This author seems to think that repetition can take the place
6843	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I recommend that you always use a high grade tape versus standard tapes.  The difference in picture quality is apparent.
The tapes have small pieces of plastic on the narrow top of each cassette which you can punch out easily so that accidental recording over an existing recording is impossible. If you do wish to record over an original recording then you can merely place a small amount of regular tape over the hole. The cassette tape is now ready to record a fresh recording. I also agree with the gentleman who suggests that you clean the heads of the tape deck before using these cassette tapes to maximize the quality of the recording.

I'm getting ready to go on an extended trip to the third world and the Grundig YB 400PE is at the top of my packing list.



There is a Micro SD slot on the unit and I bought a card for it. Unfortunately, the manual has absolutely no information on using it. The only reference is on the page showing the physical features of the unit, showing the position of the slot. Annoying.
Second, and most importantly, is the contrast and quality of the screen. Different letters are darker than others on every page, within words, and they change every time I go to the next page and back. I thought it might have just been something weird with the files, or formatting, so I played around and did the troubleshooting. Nope. It's just horrible to look at.
1392	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a nexus 7, however I wanted a tablet just for my books and newspapers.  This is prefect for me.  For those who want to separate your reading from the other tech devices you have plus I made a investment in Barnes & Noble books and magazines.  This is the way to go.
4769	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice
AH HA! .. HERE is where this disc Cleaner comes in.  My initial thought was that they sent a disc without any  on it.  It turns out instead of one strip (like in my prior, well worn disc cleaners) of brushes, this has a few very small grouped sets of brushes, circling an area of the disc.

2092	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought this for my daughter for Christmas.  She loves it. Works great.
4060	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excelente
6791	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	DVD Fastwipes clean my cd's and dvd's and make them extremely clean it wipes of dust and dirt and does a great job!
 Well, after three weeks of trial time and paying that sort of money, I realized that I should have paid a little more to buy a definitely better one than this "Chinese." the good lesson, here, you get what you pay for.
5058	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great radio in terms of portability. I use it at the beach, Red Sox games and Patriots games at the stadiums. It has a lot of great sound. Despite the 4 star review, there was one problem. After normal wear and tear use, the middle buttons ceased to work...Preset button 3, the weather button and the clock stopped working and it continued to flash 12:00 like a VCR. Because of the broken clock button, I couldn't reset the clock. When those buttons did work, it was great. However I still use the radio without those buttons and the radio flashes 12:00. I wish the clock would work, but oh well....The clock feature was great when you wanted to have a radio that gave you a clock and radio at the beach when you didn't want to take a watch with you. I wound up buying another copy of this radio when this one totally goes. There is also an issue with the blue plastic material where the buttons are. The blue flexible material will probably break eventually as the power button did, but the power button is still functional. Finally if you're considering a radio with TV sound, it's a good perk. However when TV signals go all digital in 2009, I am not sure if you'll still be able to get the TV sound. The TV sound works great if you're near where the TV stations broadcast. The weather band does me no good because I am in Boston and NOAA doesn't broadcast near the city. This is a great radio. If the buttons do break, it will be your only disappointment. I would never use it in the shower. I transmit Satellite Radio on FM transmitters and I use it to listen to XM and Sirius in my house and it does an awesome job. Considering the fact that it uses 3 C Batteries, it's worth it for the sound quality. The presets are convenient and the sleep timer also is a good perk to save your batteries if you listen at night before sleeping. Overall a great radio. If the buttons break, it's disappointing, but I got a decent amount of use from the radio before that happened. Shower radios are generally junk. This is a Sony and they always make good products. I wouldn't put the radio where water could splash on it.
8434	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These phones are very light weight.  They sound fine for what we use them for (voice and harmony students) and they are affordable.  One feature handy for us is the long cord (about 8')
3449	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, Fast Delivery, thank you
I now do not recommend APC equipment, since their warranty is worthless.
523	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Excellent, very good.
The spring is weak -- Part of the problem with using  the Palm V hard case is installing your Palm.  If the rail is not centered  in the stylus holder, either the front or the back of the case will not  close properly, giving the impression that the springs are weak.  True,  they could be stronger, but if you use your Palm a lot you want it to open  easily.  There is a line and a flat side on the rail to help you center it.  It may take a few tries, but keep at it.
Especially great for those that do not live or have access to a Apple store and or genuis in person.
8443	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love it!!!!
219	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cute! Was what I expected. Will make a fun gift.
1.  The placement of the backslash key.  I have seen  this in a couple different places on different keybards.  The Microsoft  Natural Keyboard Elite V2.0 has the backslash key above the enter key and  below the backspace key.  This allows for the larger backspace key.  I feel  that this is very important, since this is something that I have become  very used to.  Over the last 15 years, I have tried keyboards that have the  backslash key next the the backspace key, and I just seem to make mistakes  with that placement.  Microsoft has done this one correctly (in my humble  opinion).
9550	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
1486	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I researched the difference between Nook and Kindle for months and ultimately choose Nook. The device itself is nice. I like the size, the screen view and the touch screen. However, since the first night it arrived I've had trouble with it freezing. After this happened several times, I called tech support to find out what they could do. Initially they said they'd replace the battery but then retracted saying they couldn't because they couldn't access the warranty details. They said they would get this information from the seller and I should call back in a couple days. This pattern went on for weeks. They never got the information and kept putting me off. Finally they told me they would replace it and a new one was on its way. But of course I never got it and when I called to check, they started the lies and denial all over again. I am HUGELY disappointed and shocked that B&N doesn't stand behind its product. It is like they are just wasting my time until the warranty runs out. I've have had great success working with Amazon to replace other products. I regret the choice of Nook. Don't buy it!
Other than the above mentioned things it isn't a bad card. I would recommend searching for 64GB card and using those and not any card "formatted specifically" for any device.
5506	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	There appears to be an engineering flaw in the plug connection for the microphone wire.  I have two of these units where you can hear the caller but they cant hear you.  This is too bad because the sound quality is very good for the price.
5457	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A+
9463	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!



cheers
4221	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Card works like a charm and comes with an adapter card, which fits fine in my card reader on my computer and printer.
9110	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My DVD Recorder stopped working with DVD-RWs. I bought -Rs, +Rs, and didn't like having to throw them away after one use. I finally found a hint on the Internet: clean your DVD-R's lens. I bought this lens cleaner and my DVD-RWs are now fully usable and I can delete and record again. Anybody  need a bunch of DVDs????
2239	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	they are inexpensive and they get the job done.  i'm glad i got them. i use them with my wdtv at work.
2	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What gorgeous language! What an incredible writer! The Last Life is one of  the best written novels I have ever read. This incredible novel contains  various elements of fiction: historical, philosophical, and just the right  touch of magical realism.
However, I VERY MUCH ENVY THE BATTERY LIFE OF THE KINDLE! If I could stuff a kindle battery into my Nook I'd be a super happy girl.

Sagging..this is amazing that it sags and does so at different angles based on how far the TV is pulled out from the wall
7469	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I think others have addressed the quality of minidiscs well...the quality is great, and it's a lot cheaper than having memory cards for a MP3 player. Some caveats though...the minidisc players are definitely larger and  heavier than MP3 players. But smaller and lighter than CD players. May not  be an issue for many people, but I personally love being able to just stick  an MP3 player in my pocket, and not even know it's there.
2806	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is my second try at this monitor.  The first one was returned due to image tiling and the monitor's inability to come out of standby mode.  Sick and tired of the poor quality of these monitors.  The image quality is absolutely stunning, but the problems that come with it have left me angry and fed up.  If I don't find a resolution in the next few days, I'll be returning this one for it's smaller sibling (catleap 27").  More details on the issue:  If you set your monitor to turn off after x minutes, the monitor will not turn back on.  You see the amber light, but when you press a key to resume the monitor, it does nothing.  So I am forced to reboot.  At the reboot, the monitor is tiling (duplicating) the images in the post and continues the same behavior in Windows.  I tried replacing the monitor cable, disconnecting power cables, etc...  The only thing that works is repeated reboots until the monitor behaves correctly.  NOT recommended.
7886	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, nice long cord and easy to identify what is plugged in where because of the colored outlets, especially if you use something similar on the other end of the cords that are plugged into it like the cable tags that are available.
1566	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	My screen stopped working a week out of warranty.  Apparently, this is a common issue with the Nook Simple Touch.  Customer service told me that Barnes & Noble is aware of this issue but they do not plan to repair or replace anything.  This is not the way to treat customers.  I am canceling all my pre-orders and I will try a different ereader.
********2012 Update*****
2160	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wish there were more mounting options. Would be nice if could grab over the back of a hardcover book. The metal clip doesn't expand enough. Would also be nice to clip onto an old kindle (non-paperwhite/self-lighted version). Definitely thin and gives off a wide field of light.
8576	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this product, does what it says and really works.  I have one in the bathroom and in the kitchen.  This thing absorbs any odors and leaves the room odor free.  Just put in the sun for refresher if you find that it is not working to its full capacity, but so far haven't had to do that.  I have tried powders and sprays, but this thing does a great job.  I bought one for my teenage nieces car, you just purchased her first used car.  Well the original driver must have been a smoker, and she tired everything to get the smell out.  Fresheners, sprays, powders, you name it and everything failed accept for this.  It worked great, so much I purchased more.
Recommended
8310	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice plastic holder, good price for the disks.  The color coding is helpful.  I get nice results when I use these disks for digital photos.
496	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great. Easy mounting and setup. 2007 Vizio 42" LCD hung perfectly. It is a heavier TV, around 50lbs and it mounted up great.
5434	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These work well as you'd expect. I like that they come in different colors
9708	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This tape cartridge works great in my Brother PT-65. I use this tape to label computers with serial numbers. The tape stays put and is clear and easy to see. In my opinion the silver/black combination is a better more modern look than the white/black. If this tape is kept in a car during a HOT Arizona summer it will begin to peel (I can't think of many things that can handle that heat anyways.) I would recommend this tape if it fits your label maker.

5305	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had 2 of the GE super radios, the first one I owned I found at an estate sale for 10 dollars. The batteries were corroded but I was amazed to turn it on and to hear how nice the the sound was. With a little clean up and some armorall to shine up the case, the radio looked brand new.
9012	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've own this DVD Player (DVD-A120) for over 2 years now.  It is easy to set-up, operate and handles damaged DVDs as if they were flawless.  I rented a DVD which had a scratch and the A120 played it to profection after a slight moment of correction.  All Panasonic DVD players are known for this.  Don't trust me, take Consumer Reports word for this (see December 2001 Issue).  The picture quality is great too!
4862	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Maxell makes a very good product and if you're still using VHS tapes for whatever reasons, this is a great choice in a higher grade tape. I have never had a Maxell go bad on me...no matter how many times I viewed a tape and how many different machines it was viewed on.
VERY easy to set up account with B&N using my nook. It serches for wi-fi and is very easy.
9586	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	compatible...worked perfectly unlike some of the others!
6406	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It worked for me, but then I pulled it out of a box of other cables. The plastic tip broke off because it caught on something, the other end was already broken. The ends must be quite fragile.

7386	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	http://www.amazon.com/Understanding-Children-Families-Spectrum-Disorders/dp/1622127269/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1418703561&sr=1-1&keywords=understanding+children+and+families+with+autism+spectrum+disorders
6915	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Extension for gaming console duty. Replacing a worn out extension cable, these seem to only last about a year or so before they get flaky. Rated one star short because the female end is not overmolded (could have sworn the image showed that when I made the selection?!?). Still a good deal and its a brand name cable. Will probably buy more in a year or so
2441	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Amazingly, this device doesn't properly fit the cigaratte lighter port in any of my three cars. It is loose and either falls out or makes an unreliable connection.  I have to fold up some paper and insert it along side the device to make sure it has a good connection and stays put. Otherwise, the charger won't make connection to the supply and won't charge.
Struggles like this are real in many homes. This novel can bring insights and also the reassurance of Gods guidance and answers.

If you have a complex home network set-up, with firewalls and such, your experience may be different.  I have a really basic (and fairly unprotected) home network.

Another gripe--after paying this much money for an audio player, it seems wrong to have to shell out another $9.95 to unlock the software.
9113	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect
Its a "install it and forget it" device.  Have not even had to reset it once since powering it up.  A HP 812C DeskJet printer (USB 1.0) is connected.  Print comes out clean and sharp, and the printer runs as fast (or as slow depending on your outlook :D) as it ever did.
4590	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We have a 1999 vehicle with an awesome tape deck in it, so this is a necessity for us to listen to our playlists.  It lasted for at least 8 years before the wiring gave out.  Great product.
8200	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this Targus CLN5 15.4 Traditional Leather Case through Amazon with Data Vision as the seller. Why did I mention that? Because this case has recently undergone a "refresh" as they put it, which means they re-designed it. The newer version, which is what I received from Data Vision, has way more pockets and space than the much older original version. I contacted another large supplier and they in fact had the older version, and were charging more money. You will notice that it is selling for much more from all of the other suppliers. The new one is great.

Mine didn't last 4 days.  They still play music much quieter than before and with no noise canceling.  I don't want uncomfortable, unfashionable, someone large and bad sounding headphones, so there's really no point in keeping them.  They did get me through a weekend of studying, and I think I did pretty well on my 2 exams.  This means that noise cancel headphones are probably a good option for me.
Two things are missing... Pen loop and replacement pad info.
9864	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this replacement tape was a perfect fit for my brother label machine. it was a lot less expensive then if I bought it in the store.

4127	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased many Kingston Micro Cards over time and have always found them reliable, fast and easy to handle.  I use them on my GPS, HD video camera, Samsung tablet, laptops and including my desktop.  I do not remember one failing me as they are totally reliable. That is important to me as I handle them a lot...back and forth from my laptop and my other electronic equipment for my music, my guitar recordings, lyrics....etc.  I have not hesitation to recommend them highly to others.
Heavy, however, doesn't necessarily mean hardy.  Everything is plastic on it except the antenna and the speaker grille.  Since it is heavy and somewhat tall, I fear the time when it first will fall over.  Best to treat this radio kindly -- I'm not sure how long the switches will last.  But for kindly indoor use, assuming you don't like to switch stations often, it's great.

1148	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I originally posted a negative review under the listing for the 7" Nook HD+.  I have the 9" one, so have moved the review over here.  Some things have been brought to my attention since that have prompted this edit.  I bought this device because the large screen, the sharp display, the expandable memory and the light weight were all attractive.  Prior to buying this Nook I had a Sylvania SYTAB7MX.  I had bought it to get a feel for how tablets operate.  It had limited capability, but it was cheap and served me well for about a year.  Since it was only running Android 2.0 I was excluded from a lot of apps.  I finally decided to update to the Nook.  I had several unpleasant surprises and one pleasant one.
5944	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It wasn't a perfect fix but it was a huge improvement from its original form. Very satisfied with this product.
5658	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	using them now at the router
-The glow light is bright enough to read clearly, yet dim enough to not bother your eyes if you're reading in the dark, unlike my iPad 2 when even at its lowest brightness setting, seems still too bright at night.
5108	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to use basic functions. Good tone, sufficient volume. Don't know what I would change, if I could. Well done.
43	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works just fine, quick delivery.



8597	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have used a Microsoft Keyboard for some time know and I have to admit to  liking it.  It has worked for me very well and I would not go back to a  regular keyboard unless I absolutely had to.  The ergonomic design really  does make a difference; this is evident every time I have to type on a  regular keyboard.  I feel the strain on my wrists.  The natural keyboard  almost completely does away with this.  I would recommend this keyboard and  other like it.  One of my complaints is that the keys do seem a little  small for people with bigger hands, and the price is a little high.  If you  don't want to fork over $50 for a keyboard there are others out there that  will give the same effect and wrist relief for much lowers prices.
3. Ensure it has a power-off timer. You don't want to have to remember to shut it off when you leave the room.
However praise to Amazon who quickly followed through on their return guarantee.
8851	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	this is a small and cute bag, a book size.
5569	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Quality for an excellent price.
But where these speakers truly fail the end user is in the wiring.  Unlike the Creative Labs set that is configured more like a standard set of stereo speakers, allowing you to position your satellites anywhere in the room to achieve optimal separation, the Altec Lansing set has very short cables.  The left speaker has to be within four feet of the subwoofer.  Then the right speaker has to be within six feet of the left.  Then to add insult to injury, the five foot wire from the computer to the speaker system has to plug into the left speaker.
If you want to read books only, get the nook color or an e-ink device.  If you want a tablet, This will only frustrate you.  I feel violated and disappointed I overlooked the pricing on the market.
5364	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
9014	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Well, I had read all the reviews of this model on Amazon and based my purchasing decision partly on this information.  I expected picture quality from the 310 to be at least as good as my old PAL Sony 8mm.  However, after  2 weeks of using the 310 we had to conclude that it simply provides  inferior picture quality in most lighting situations.  Inferior in both  colour reproduction and in clarity, whatever the technical specs. say. For  example, I have a coat with a maroon sleeve but this appeared bright red  whatever exposure or program setting I used; same with the shop model we  checked with when returning the purchased unit to the store - it didn't  appear to be just a snafu with the particular unit we had purchased.  We  also compared the 310 picture with the supposedly inferior Panasonic 910  and both colour and clarity were actually better on the latter.  Why?  What is Sony playing at?  We were expecting twice the clarity  ("resolution") and 3 times the colour depth from this Digital 8  camera, as widely advertised.  What are they talking about?  When it comes  down  to it, its about picture quality, no matter what bells and whistles  the machine has.
1591	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I gave it as a gift and still have not hear any complaints.
All in all, I am pretty happy with the Nook and I think the fact that it supports a wider range of eBook formats outweighs many of the cons. I like not being tied down to one proprietary format and being able to check out eBooks from the library is priceless to me.
1970	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for about $20 here on Amazon.  Don't pay more than that, there are plenty of sellers for around $16-18 plus shipping.  I bought it to use as a music stand light, and it seems that it will work out great for that.  I had seen the Mighty Bright Orchestra Light, which is really nice and has 9 LEDs and is supposed to light up 4 pages at a time, but it is almost overkill for a stand light and costs about $40.  I was looking for something cheaper.  I looked at the Mighty Bright Encore, which has 6 LEDs but otherwise similar to the Orchestra, but even that was $35.  The Hammerhead appears to be the same as the Encore except it does not have a lip on the back of it, to keep the light from shining out into the audience I guess, so you'll have to be careful about aiming it so it doesn't shine out there.  If there is a real problem with light going where you don't want it, I figured I could put a lip around the back with a piece of gaffer's tape.  It doesn't come with a bag or the AC adapter either, which was fine with me because if I'm using a battery operated light it is because there is no AC available.  If I had AC I would just use a regular stand light and plug it in.  Anyway, it seems plenty bright for two pages at a time, in fact I think some of the time you could use it on the lower setting and it would be bright enough for most situations (there is a high and low light setting, which the switch toggles between the two and off) and I'm sure the batteries will last a lot longer on the lower light setting.  At $20 I figured if it doesn't last forever, or I drop and break it, or I leave it on a gig I'm not going to be too upset about it.  It takes 3 AAA batteries which are included, and the box that it comes in looks like I can carry it around in it for a while anyway.
3734	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works Great! I bought this to connect my 60D to my aperture V Screen! it works awesome so far and seems to be of good quality
2107	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice and bright, I bought three, one for each of my sons. Sturdy. The first set of batteries are still going nice and bright.
Enjoy the music and be well,

9411	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price, and I didn't have to go to a store.
269	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It has a ton of information great resource but a of lot of stuff to read through before you find what you are looking for.  Over all worth the money!
With the RCA wireless modem jacks, I can now access the internet --- while watching TV with my family; and I can surf the net long after everyone has gone to sleep -- when internet speeds are fastest.  The connection is fairly clean (free of static); and the transfer speed is nearly as fast as if I had accessed the phone jack directly.
1834	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I loved this book so much I couldn't put it down.
1. Great fit and finish.
- "crack and peel" Tape
878	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	no issues, fast shipping
A Nook Tablet could be quite good if you only want to:
Big plus: the strain relief on the RJ-45 plug helps protect the locking tab from snapping off. The plugs fit into the jacks with barely any wiggle so it makes solid contact. (And I've had some bad experiences with cheapo ill-fitting RJ-45 plugs from other sources. I'm looking at you, Radio Shack.)
  I have just purchased a brand new Barnes & Noble 16 GB Nook Tablet. I've been wanting an eBook reader for quite awhile, so I was really excited when it arrived by FedEx this morning.

It is hard to beat the price, so I am considering purchasing another to replace my lemon.
2642	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Sometimes this works and sometimes it doesn't. Usually if I unplug it and then plug it back in, it starts working again.
6316	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works, Not the greatest for streaming video,though.
7865	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	wasn't too much money.
As is, the unit is SEVERELY crippled from making full use of its outstanding specs. Turn this baby into a great Android tablet by "rooting" it - easily and painlessly done by buying one of those SD card based kits. I got a 32 GB card with the root kit and I now have full access to Android apps with the ability to revert back to stock is if desired. You can now get all these capabilities on a really good performing tablet for well under $130 (like new used) but remember you get a unit that's a generation old and doesn't have bluetooth, gps, and hdmi out like most other newer tablets have.
9732	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is exactly what I needed for my Brother label maker.

3083	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This external USB DVD/CD drive is perfect for netbooks and laptops needing an external drive to handle CDs and DVDs.  The drive itself is slim and light, ready to travel with your netbook.  It conveniently draws its operating power through the connecting cord to a netbook or laptop USB port.  Assuming your laptop or netbook has a media player, you should be ready to utilize this drive right out of the box.  The drive is not necessarily ruggedized, so some care with handling is advisable. Highly recommended.

6857	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is a USB "extender," meaning it will "extend" your current USB cable (like an extension cord for USB cables.)  In that respect, it performs very well.  No problems to report, does what I need it to do.
9980	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Hardly picks up any CB signal, unless right next to you.  Not worth it.
2888	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Do not buy this.. It's very small and cheap, does not work well at all
I ordered another one but returned it when I found a better product by Kensington from another online store.  Of course the new model is much more expensive.
3236	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.

3	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I read this probably 50 years ago in my youth and I just re-read it for the first time.  It was a fun read but not as good as my memory of it.


The TV tuner is obsolete, but so what.  If you find a new or used one, buy it!
1626	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Google is on to something here, but without a little luck, I would not have known about it. I now own 2 chrome books (one for my wife and one for me) and find the experience delightful. In trying to learn and become more productive with it, I have searched the web for how-to articles, etc. Quite by accident, I came across "The Chrome Book." It is well written, very informative, and a real good overview of the "operating system." It also treats some of the higher level uses. This was my best find yet, and one that I am buying as a reference book. I just hope Google keeps going with this concept with enhancements, improvements, and more advertising. Again, well written book and on target!
9585	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product

8914	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great performance. Long enough to use anywhere in the home. Does not "kink" up.

3572	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my Garmin Virb elite cam witch requires high speed card !!! Works great so I purchased 2 more to have on hand ! You can always use extra SD cards

1642	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These books are not "great literature" (sorry Stephen Leather), but they are great fun.  However, they are well written, the characters interesting and the plotline compelling.  You will fall in love with the main character, Jack Nightingale.  I found myself wanting to know what would happen next in each subsequent book in the series.  The book is a bit bloody in parts, so if you are squeamish this might not be the novel for you.  The book and subject matter is dark but I do enjoy a twisty tale of murder and mayhem.  I have read the rest of the series and would recommend reading the books in order.
There aren't enough books available in my opinion to justify using the darn thing. Maybe the Nook Color is a better bet?
An excellent product.
4245	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	thanks
6807	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With so many models out there I was surprised.  And shipment was quick.  Tip: don't lean the old one against the wall!
6386	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product!!
Pro's of Nook Simple Touch with Glow Light:
3761	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as it suppose to be doing :) Works with my Canon T3 and T5 and my Dad likes it
4697	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cost more than regular cassette tapes but also sound better.
2136	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This light works well.  It is light weight and it is flexible.  I can see both sides of the pages without having to adjust it as I have with other book lights.
1668	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is for me one of the coolest books I have read in a while.  I don't know what it is but whatever it is the author needs to bottle it.  We are reading a story about Jack Nightingale.  This is a guy that had a loving set of parents that were killed when he was younger, he was a cop once and quit the force after an "accident." and becomes an investigator.  He smokes to much, he drinks to much and lives a pretty plain life until he finds out his parents weren't his parents.  He was adopted right when he was born, his real father was a satanist, his mother was a nutter and as he finds this out he finds out he has 2 weeks until he is dragged to hell as his father sold his soul to a devil before he was born.  Not the Devil, one of his minions.  We learn about Jack, his friends and everything about him as he races around trying to figure out his birthright before he dies.  This is a really good book and if you like a good story, this is exactly the book for you.
9517	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love my labeler. This tape works great. I get great clear labels. The only slightly negative thing is that times I have a little difficulty getting the backing off the tape. Highly recommend.

4517	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Looks great, still have to try it out! i am sure they work just fine though, because i have had these before.

Final Verdict.  As much as I tried to only use built-in apps during the trial period, when I could not get the functionality I wanted from them I was able to download a number of free or inexpensive apps.  These allow me to do the basic content creation and editing I need on the road. A B&N employee flat out admitted the Tablet was rushed out the door with only NOOK Color functionality so was not being fully exploited yet.  The firmware update proved B&N is committed to making the Tablet live up to its promise. Realizing that no tablet can yet replace a laptop, and the functionality and ubiquity Evernote brings, convinced me to keep the Tablet.
1365	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Battery life from this refurbished item not so great but item had very little scratches. Quality was great for price paid
I have not used batteries yet, so I do not know the life when playing music without AC plug-in.  But overall, it has been an excellent purchase and far simpler than wiring outdoor speakers, at least for now.
1708	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I really could not put this one down. The thing is, I knew how it would end from very early on, rather I knew who the evil crazy one was. The clues are all there, but I kept on reading not to find out who the evil one was but to see how the father-daughter relationship developed and healed, how the very damaged man, who lost his wife two years earlier but still wore his wedding ring, healed.
9277	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, very good quality
2711	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ijw !

I may end up returning this case and going back to my marware. I'm going to keep using it until the end of this week before deciding..
9663	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	does as advertised no issues, high price in my opinion but you won't be finding them anywhere else.
2831	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The description doesn't make clear if this monitor supports Macbooks.  I decided to give it a go since this display is much cheaper than the competition.  You do need the "Mini DisplayPort to Dual-Link DVI Adapter" cable, the one that also has a USB connection, but it works great with that cable.  I replaced a Samsung 30" monitor that recently died and it is every bit as good a picture as the Samsung.  The only downside I can see is the monitor doesn't have any adjustments other than brightness/volume, but there is usually not any need for the other adjustments anyway.  The stand swivels but has no up/down adjustment. I don't see a single bad pixel on my monitor.  The manual is in Korean but the assembly is obvious if you have assembled anything before.
Trigger Warnings: murder, suicide, pedophilia

4435	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price, super saver shipping, very pleased with product. Received with no damage/issues. Nothing fancy, it's a standard case that protects your cd/dvd and it does the job.

Self-built computer with Intel G35 Express-based motherboard
(2)  The sound quality for the spoken word is quite adequate.
5365	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product!  Excellent service!  Thank you!



328	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect fit
The only major problem I had was that there was some sloppiness in the editing department. Not spelling and grammar, but problems with inconsistencies in the plot. For instance, Jack explicitly says several times that the master bedroom in Gosling manor has been cleaned perfectly, leaving no traces of blood spatter or chalk, yet when he finds the CCTV viewing area and looks at it through the CCTV cameras, he describes seeing the outline of the body and the chalk on the floor. At another point, when he first meets Rebecca, she opens her mouth and he describes her mouth as having no tongue, only ulcerated gums, yet two paragraphs later her tongue is described as being coated and later she actually speaks. These sorts of things should have been caught and fixed well before publication.
4098	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Kingston has never failed me in memory cards. I would definitely recommend and will buy again. The adapter to a full size SD works well. I've had other generic adapters that didn't work.

872	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Like as described. Perfect conditions and work well


(2) A  16MB memory cartridge because you will not be able to stop taking  pictures.
3671	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Can't format.
1101	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked flasslessly on my Dell E6430
7339	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked fine. Did what I needed.
5589	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I got it for my Macbook Pro whose DVD wouldn't read/load disks. Unfortunately it didn't load this disk either. More expensive to return than keep.
The book goes beyond teaching you how to use the computer itself, it also includes things like how to use email, the internet and various applications. Even if you need to learn how to upload movies to YouTube, use Bluetooth or set up a wireless network, it's all here.
5396	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	yellow is easy to see :)
9898	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There is nothing especially important to say about this cartridge. They do their job flawlessly.
5528	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent experience, great seller!
8497	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
854	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works with LG G3
People who will be using it for a  short while every day should buy it, but downloading Mp3s with a 56k modem  is a huge problem.
6442	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfect! I have a rock candy pc gameing remote attached to it
9376	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	received item as described.
6725	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works graet
Stephen Leather introduces us in this book to a protagonist who is a good man to know, but who has to face a personal crisis beyond anything he has already faced. How he meets this crisis makes it clear that he is would be a good person to have on your side. The question is whether just being a good person is enough to get out of "You are going to hell, Jack..."
3050	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This dvd burner is absolute garbage. Win7 can't locate the drivers and the only drivers on the cdrom it came with are for Win98!!!!
While she does read (and so do us parents), she also wanted to use it as a music player, and a movie watching device while away from wireless in the car, on a plane, etc, and she wanted to play some games.
405	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought 2 of them for my Vizio and Sony LCD , fit perfectly..it adjust in almost all directions. Super happy with the quality..
Thank you..
4080	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought two of these for use with two Garmin nuvi 1450  units. In my opinion, it is unfortunate that the Garmin nuvi 1450 requires extra storage capacity to handle updates; I think they should have had at least enough storage capacity built into the original units to handle the United States and Canada. I don't know yet whether I am going to need a bigger card soon to handle the updates and I don't know whether a bigger card is available.
957	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Has anyone written a review on these after a couple years? Life expectancy is about 2 years. I have purchased several and get the same life from all of them. Seems like built in obsolescence just like a light bulb. Back your stuff on a regular basis people!
I would recommend this or the new  blue case to anyone who likes the sleek modern look and wants to protect  their investment and their data.

This book may still be incredibly useful and very appealing to beginners who want a nice pictorial introduction to the Chromebook concepts and device; and if the author published an updated second edition then it would likely be the best book on the subject. In the meantime, you will find more of the recent Chromebook and Chrome developments (like Google Drive) explained in&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Chrome-Book-Second-Edition/dp/1481009184/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Chrome Book (Second Edition)</a>.
If you want a tablet for web browsing, checking email, ebooks, video, and many other apps and this is as much as you want to spend, then it isn't a bad deal. I would recommend paying more for the newer version--the Nook HD. (They also make a version with a larger screen, the HD+)
Signal range / response: These sound great.  The bass is not overly powerful but is clearly present and the highs are crisp without coming across as brassy.  The range is broad and a flat signal sounds great - no equalization needed to get great sound.  This is really nice because I listen to a lot of different music types and styles. 5-stars for sound!
That guy who ranted about this card crashing his system needs to buy a clue and check his IRQs, not to mention dump Windows ME (which *Microsoft* doesn't even stand by).
5512	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have tons of cables running out of my computer and even more cables on various devices that need to stay wrapped when not in use. I've tried clips, rubber bands, zip ties, and twist ties. Thus far these are the best solution. Sure you could buy velcro and make these yourself, but Velcro or even generic hook-and-loop connectors will cost you more and aren't colored for easy identification as these are.
So this and a thru the glass antenna, the whole install looks great.
-Importing books (fanfiction/e-pub files) is really easy; all you need is Calibre to import it onto your nook [...] and an epub file converter [...]
4966	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I followed directions on the box. Next, I was able to see my old vsh tapes with no problems.  The pictures were clear as well as the sound. I would recommend this product.

3173	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works well.
5744	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Well packaged and perfect fit.
I have applied for a refund.
- very low light setting.  Paperwhite again doesn't have this.  Many reviews actually state the paperwhites brightness to be a selling point, why?  I'm reading it in the dark so want a low light.
4443	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good replacement for all this broken cases.
6990	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought two of these, one for a usb power extension for my turtle beach headset, and another for a data cable. both of these work well. I pulled them out of the box, and thought "oh man, these look stiff" but no, they are nice a and supple wile still feeling heavy duty.

6148	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I needed short cables to connect my home theater devices to a single Ethernet Cable by way of a ethernet "switch-router". These cables fit the bill nicely and the quality is good. Local stores charge much more money for 6' cables which would be an expensive

2960	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excelente
I would suggest this to my friends!
1525	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent !!!!!!
4476	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good headphones for the student!
with the entire shopping experience.
4701	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We tried to watch old tapes and could only see static. Used the cleaning tape and it looked like new.

A fast paced and exciting read, this imperfect detective is a wonderfully compelling protagonist in what promises to be a spookily cool series.
I love having the waterproof controls on the top and the station presets.  This radio also has very good reception, bringing in one of the weaker stations I like loud and clear.
3695	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cable works as advertised and the price is unbeatable. I am not using it for a camcorder but for a canon elph camera with HDMI out. The photos and videos look great
tedious.  Other than that it works quire well.
There's a convenient "lock" switch on the side that keeps the buttons from registering.  This can be good in two ways: it won't get turned on accidentally and burn battery, and you won't accidentally hit the stop button and interrupt your listening.  The belt clip is handy, and detachable, and the battery life (one AA) is quite respectable.
Things that bug me,but not too much:
I tried finding a non-coiled extension to attach between this item and the radio, which would work for my purpose and would not result in a star pull for extra expense (after all I'm not using the item as it was envisaged it would be used), but the jack and plug size is a non-standard 3/32 (about 2 mm) rather than the more common 3.5 mm and I cannot find a male to female extension for this size. Indeed, I've not found a female in-line jack with which to make my own extension anywhere. I could probably make what I want but the parts are hen's teeth affairs it seems.
What more can you ask....  It's living in my phone right now, full of Beatles music...
349	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
644	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I liked it for the week we had it lol. Husband didn't tell me he was buying a 55 inch a week after we got this installed! Worked well and great price!
2538	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This charger does not fit into my charging port very well, it wiggles and I feel like the tip doesn't reach it and I have to mess with it to even get the light to come on and give power to charge my phone. Also it won't stay on for very long and then it goes out, making it completely useless.
9018	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is the only shirt pocket size shortwave radio worth buying. For this great price you get a pocket radio without any drift (meaning the station you listen to won't change to another station because of a loose or faulty dial), great stereo FM on headphones or ear buds (the buds that come with it are OK. Buy a better set and get ready for great sound), good AM reception, and Shortwave reception that is adequate for the big international broadcasts like BBC but poor for most everything else. The speaker is only good for talk radio. For music, this is a tinny and tiny speaker (about one inch wide). If you want a pocket radio that also gets BBC, Radio Canada, and Voice of America, this is the trick. Listen in on good earplugs and you will be happy with your purchase. It also has a good vinyl case. The radio looks sturdily built and will probably last for years.
8171	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's hard to go wrong with a Belkin product.  They always do what they're supposed to do and for a reasonable price.  It's hard to be too picky about a cable that plugs into your modem and computer, but it does seem to stay un-kinked.


6462	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It does what it's supposed to do, connects the network for my xbox well. Works well with a home networking system.
I'll definitely be using this head cleaner regularly.

Adding bidding could drill and bit
Sony recommends leaving the three "C" cells in the radio and changing them every year. This maintains the time and radio presets.
6088	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as described.
1493	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	With these new ereaders on the market, the act of reading has come back to be a very "in-style," technologically advanced and hip thing to do in 2010. Books are now less intimidating and more fun and convenient, and this becomes only more encouraged through Barnes and Noble's Nook.
4573	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	its fine
===========================================
I purchased the Moleskine cover with notepad because I liked the idea of having a place to jot notes.  It arrives beautifully packaged with two notepads.  You have to unwrap the notepads and insert one into the inside front cover.  There are 98 un-lined pages per notepad.  Only a subset of the pages can be easily detached.  The notepads have a black cover and first page is stiff with space to write contact information in case the Kindle is lost.


3- The page turn keys are in good place, very comfortable to read and hold at the same time.
5741	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I'll never understand why re-useable cable ties are so expensive, or so unavailable.  These Belkins are really for permanent stereo or computer installation.  And even for that purpose, I don't care for their design.
1142	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had a few versions of the Nook E-Reader. I love this version of the e-reader. It has become my go to as far as a portable reader/tablet. I am a fan of the Nook E-Readers. I can do the same things on the Nook as I can on my laptop computer.
3374	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There's not much to say, other than that the price was exceptional. The adapter set is compact and appears durable. I really wanted the USB charger plug, and figured I might as well get a complete adapter set into the bargain.
All in all, I'm pretty happy with these.  The natural audio sound and the noise cancelling are plenty sufficient for the price... I couldn't justify the $300 for Bose unless I needed the protective clamshell and had ears that fit perfectly into their earcups.
Windows Vista, Business Edition, Service Pack 2
3362	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Need more space for my Galaxy S4 so this has been great for the month I've had it. No issues so far, and lots of quick access space.
7975	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	was happy to know that Belkin, a well-known and well established company, offered cables in colors that suit your preferences works as expected, love my purple cable!
4564	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	As for all cassette adapters, there is significant hiss. The big problem is that the plug to your device is angled and does not seat if the device is in a case.
1403	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Battery dies to fast . take time to power on. Not to happy. But we live and learn. Some items can't be purchase use.
2606	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	seems solid works ok does say slow charging when charging phone like not enough power going thru it but if u got time its fine

5394	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	useful
-will tune in 1 KHz steps
6106	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	needed
Protection: I had purchased this silicone skin for my nook and I love it; it makes pressing the page turn buttons a lot easier to press and I love the feel of the case in general.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005J7EOE2/ref=oh_details_o04_s00_i00?ie=UTF8&psc=1
7456	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the best Palm V case going... actually almost the best. Palm just released a metallic blue special edition hard case that I like a little better, but this case is great.
301	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If You are either Dr "Tony" Newman or Dr. "Doug" Phillips, and the Time Tunnel got stucked in the middle Ages, DON'T BUY IT. A contraire, if You are a present time business person, go get this book. Even if you don't own a Chromebook. You will have a very pleasent ride into the implementation of the Cloud concept, SW and HW wise.
It works great, and I have posted a photo of it, as one reviewer said he got a fake, so this is what it looks like in the package.

  Highly recommended. Buy it here at Amazon and save the money.
5557	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked great
Well, being in a quiet environment works better, but that is not always available.
-The USB sockets seem to be well made and tightly fit all my cables.
532	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works Great. Holds my 40 inch TV effortlessly. Very well built. Definitely worth the price. Easy to install TV to the mount. Has cord clips. TV can be tilted up or down and sideways. Extends from the wall 24 inches. I highly recommend this brand..
I got 2 of these for both cars and they both had the same problem within a few days
2046	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my wife. She loves it. She is still using the included AAA battery, so it doesn't seem to be a battery drainer.
6455	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what I need it to, which is primarily to be a quick disconnect between a coupler and my PC when I don't

1615	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	"Christmas Even Can Kill You" by William Marantz is an extremely entertaining book! I enjoyed getting to know broken down, Jewish, country singer turned talk-radio jock, Val Virgo. The prose flows well. The dialogue is realistic, sharp, and witty. The characters are well developed and interesting.
3157	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Set this up with a static address so its easy to setup for clients. You must disable "bidirectional" in the ports tab for the printer in properties (at least HP) or print jobs will loop or break. This print server will not send back acknowledgments  from the printer back over the network to the client.( at least that's what it seems).
Battery eater. I use the DC adapter, however.
6786	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality tapes. They record and play well. A real change from the Standard Tapes.
8991	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am sure it will do the job

I find its clunkiness sort of endearing.  The sound quality is all you could ask for, and the reception is excellent.  So for what it is, it's probably as good as it gets.
I rely on reviews here at Amazon to help me make informed buying choices. I hope this review has helped you in the same manner. :)
2541	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is flimsy and stopped working after a few weeks.  I would go with a better brand. It started to split apart.
5366	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	it worked
was not a completely 5 star positive experience.  I am writing to see
124	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Brand name adapter this is just like the one you got when you bought your nook,. I would always recommend using a designated adapter. The charging cable is a whole different story but the adapter defiantly use the designated charger.
I decided to go online and Google the issue and hit an audio forum where they mentioned DVD and CD drive cleaners.  After that, I was off to Amazon to do my research and buy the one that had good reviews.
1. The flash is disappointing. Terribly easy to red-eye anything biological :) Get the bracket and an add-on flash if you have to shoot flash. To be fair, tough for _any_ camera with the flash/lens this close together to not have the same problem (red eye reduc. or not).
6561	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it! It is a product that meets its expectations and that's all I want!
  Easy to use,  which was one of my criteria.  There is little to fault the display. . . .  it is reasonably readable if the unit is not positioned at too much an angle for viewing.  I have no regrets.
The build quality looks quite good.  While it does not have anything fancy like a woven sleeve or built-in LED, it feels as though it can handle years of service.  You can see, though, that the female side of the cable is not very protected; in fact, it looks like a mutated male part.  It is sturdy as well, trust me, but it would have been better if it were protected by the plastic that surrounded the lower part of the connector.  It might accumulate more debris and dirt than it would otherwise, but I have not used this long enough to go through such an endeavor and live to tell the tale.
how we can fix this order for you?  We'd be glad to do whatever we can
2573	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent . I recommend it 100%
I bought this one for my son, so he would not feel like second fiddle to my computer that has the Dell 30" monitor, which is an excellent monitor that has more features, but also costs more.  I would say image quality is the same - they are both quite good, but not perfect, but the Dell is better in that it has more options for video input, more controls to adjust, and USB and memory card inputs on the side, making it the better money-no-object choice.

6003	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The only laser-lens Cleaner I use, because while most traditional cleaners have two brushes; these have eight. Worth every dollar spent!
I've really got to say that I'm happy to have found Stephen Leather and this novel.  "Nightfall" is book one of three books around Jack Nightingale.  I was able to find the second book on the US Amazon site, "Midnight" but the last book, you'll have to wait for.  Jack is a fun character to read about as he discovers that demons to exist and that many things that he took for granted are not just so.  The book is well written and is definitely a page turner.  The creepy effect of reading about various characters randomly tell Jack that he's going to Hell, made this a creepy book to read at night.  I would definitely recommend this one and the book after.  Turns out that there are even more Stephen Leather books if you look him up too.
I purchased my Nook HD+ 32GB over a year ago, and have never regretted the choice.
The reader is caught up into the sphere of spiritual warfare from the very first page, and then reads how it all plays out in the earthly realm. I know I have read the first few pages of this before and I'm thinking it was a contest that Dave Long held on conversion experience. It was so gripping then that I remember it to this day.
Of course, being a 10 year old design, never updated, it lacks the buttons and scrolling abilities of modern mice. Which is too bad, because if Logitech revived this trackball, and updated it with 2 more buttons and new software, it would outsell everything else on the market by a wide margin.
3735	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wanted connector to connect Cannon camera to a computer. It does the job.
When I first was interested  in purchasing this unit, my wife thought it was just another electronic  gimmick that I am known for wasting money on.  But after using this on the  ski slopes once, she changed her mind, this was no longer a gimmick, but a  requirement for going skiing with the family.
9452	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well
-Has 2 USB ports for charging, one (the top) is 2.1 amps.  The bottom slot is lower, presumably 1 or 1.5 amps.
7404	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	if you love to record music from cd's or the radio, & don't want to pay an arm & a leg for good quality tapes, these are for you!  i have bought 3 '15' count packages of them so far. im very happy. i intend to buy more.

6866	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was expecting to buy a cleaning system that has at least a liquid solution, and of course those fancy ones with a machine that rotates the discs! But ended up trying this out because of it's cheap price and it's "FastWipe" title, but still a bit skeptical without any wet solution.
4974	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This cleaner worked about two times, never would rewind properly - now it has completely broken my favorite VCR beyond repair... and I know how to fix things, this can't be fixed!  If you buy this head cleaner then you are one brave person!  This item cost about $11 bucks, plus another $99.00 tom replace my now broken VCR!  Junk!  By the way, what happened is it got stuck - i mean really stuck good!  Removal was impossible without damaging the VCR.
- Cant delete files or books, there is simply no option for it. Im hoping for a patch.
5536	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work well.. No complaints
7280	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is, simply, the perfect bowl.

Example of Real-World Use:
8632	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very clear, water resistant, and somewhat wind proof. If you want this for snowsports, you came to the right item. Use duct tape to keep the wire plugged into the radio. Does not stick like two prongs do.
1132	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This tablet was defective. Beware this sellers descriptions!
I would buy this again and also feel comfortable giving this as a small gift to someone.
649	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product, well-designed, easy to mount, easy to adjust. I bought this to put a new Samsung 28 flatscreen in my wife's office. With her help, we got everything done in about a half hour or so. The mount is excellent. It adjusts in every way, adjustments are easy to make and everything stays in place once adjusted. The great thing about this unit is that everything is included in the box--screws for the back of the TV, lag bolts to screw into a stud wall, even a small wrench to make the tilt and leveling adjustments. Very high quality product. Buyers should note that an electric drill, drill bit, Phillips screwdriver, and ideally a 1/2 inch rachet socket (a 1/2 inch box-end or open-end wrench would do) are needed, things that some households might not have in their toolbox. I recommend the product...but one must have the appropriate tools.
5238	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a cool portable radio. Yes it's old school. No digital tuning, no alarm clock, no pre-sets etc. It does not pretend to be state of the art. You are buying a classic. In my sample, the radio's components are well done - smooth, and put together well. What really sets this radio apart is the quality of the sound it produces. Clear, bright and as loud as any reasonable person should need. I listen to NPR and it sounds like the people are in the same room with me - very nice. Music is also reproduced to my satisfaction. I have a Sangean that is a nice radio with bells and whistles. However, the quality of sound is muffled and the volume level is very limited. I can't fully comment on the RCA's AM reception because I prefer FM broadcats and rarely listen to AM. However, the AM reception seems on par with my Sangean. I believe this is a well done product that will appeal to many people looking for a solid performing table top radio.
8412	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very clear sound

The memory on this device is small - 32Mb.  And the manufacturer says it will only support up to 64Mb total with an expansion card.  That expansion card can hold it's own set of music so you can swap them in and out without effecting the music on the built in memory.  However, vendor chose the odd memory type of 3.3V for the external memory versus typical CompactFlash.
* e-Ink scrambles the screen when turning a page (the "Etch-A-Sketch effect")
1049	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I know, I know. You just get your new gizmo and two months or two weeks later, there is something new to wow you.
I give it four stars because it does what it says it will do, keeps me from having to constantly remove and replace my radio (and also, because after my repeated stretching attempts, the cord has not shorted out... no small feat).

7965	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	worked good for me,
This puts all the 120/144 hz stuff to bed. Unless you play *seriously* competitively (and you probably do not), then 1600p IPS absolutely destroys 1080 monitors with much higher refresh rates. Those are ok monitors and just fine, but if you have the horsepower( r9 290 or 290x, 780 or 780ti can DEFINITELY max this baby, other slightly lower cards still work very well, as well as crossfire and SLI), get this.
Boy, was this one easy as pie!!  Just plug it in and go--- instant connection.  I used this to connect my PS3 to my theater system to allow me to stream/download some movies.  The transfer was speedy enough, as  I just let some of it download before I started watching.  As for the signal strength, my theater is in my basement and my router is on the 3rd floor---so a few floors for it to connect and it worked just fine.  I think I may use another one of these when I finish my office.
650	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Bought NEW but I could tell right away that mine had been repackaged and refurbished.  Plus the was missing the 4 arms but had some other random hardware included.  I made mine work for my 32" set and it serves it's purpose. Just wish the seller was upfront on the condition, I could have bought a used one for $5 less.
While the plot line is about the politics and struggle of daily life for survivors, it's also about their main enemies, the Shifters.  These are genetically mutated beings who, as far as Daniel can tell, mutating even more... not good for the survivors. I'm not going to give away any more of the story.  And there is so much more. Not all shifters are evil, people aren't who they seem, and the good Doctor has a hunch of why the world has collapsed.  You need to read it for yourselves; it's a great end of the world sci-fi novel that leaves a lot more of the plot line open for future books.  In fact there are two more; in addition I was just informed that the writer is currently finishing up the screen play. While some readers claim it starts off slow... well it does a little... I think it's necessary in order to introduce the readers into the world the way Hilley wants them to be. The next two books are Beyond the Darkness and The Game of Pawns, each fantastic and more disturbing. Enjoy!
6437	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a cable to connect a new ethernet switch to a modem, and this fits the bill perfectly. Just as described.
via audio, very handy.
435	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Mount 47" TV with this. Moved and took it with me. Once in standard wall installation, the other time in a non-standard over window position. Easily adapted to both situations. Easy to reposition angle horizontally and vertically. Great value, I would recommend.
In general, it's a pretty good format and certainly one of the better options if you can remember that crazy time in the 90's with all the competing formats like the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/120MB-Superdisk/dp/B00006HSEP/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">120MB Superdisk</a>,<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Iomega-JAZ/dp/B004MTOKVK/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Iomega JAZ</a>, or the old tape drives.  Like other data formats, the actual usable capacity of the disk is less than advertised, so a 100MB disk is actually 95.5MB no matter how you format it.  Of course like many readers, I have long since moved on to multi-gigabyte USB flash drives but since I work with very old computers, the ZIP format is still the best option for computers that do not have USB ports or operating systems so old they cannot recognize USB.
8357	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Certainly not the best speakers you could ever have for your computer, the ACS33 nevertheless fills an important niche in the market.  If you're looking for subwoofered sound on the cheap, this is probably your best bet.  They're competent performers, without taking price into consideration.  Look at how much they cost, and you'll think there aren't better speakers made on the planet.  They have the potential to work, as do most speakers, on both Macintosh and Windows machines.
Answer: Plug and play, if you can't work normally, you can get a computer shop near the house, free adjustment for you. thank you
9803	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Does the job, the machine that used it wastes some of the tape, but it gets it done, good tape.

7908	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	was very good investment
1168	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product and seller

3652	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's perfect.
6780	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far we love this showerhead set. Even my 2-year-old daughter wants to take showers now instead of baths since she gets her own "shower". So far so good.
3249	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Lotsa storage !!
Nothing more to say.  BlackBerries and Android phones in the house all can charge in the car or at all the computers by just connecting a cable.  It charge very slowly, even if it doesn't tell you it is, when connected to a PC because or other charger.  With some irony, B&N has had to mail me both a charger and a cable this year due to breakage.  If they could charge with any micro-USB cable, they wouldn't have to.  Update post-Cyanogen: With Cyanogen, it charges with any micro-USB cable, though slowly unless it's the actual Nook stuff - there must be something in hardware.
1) $49 is a very high price to pay for an AM/FM radio.
2580	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This Dual USB Car Charger was "defective"  Not worth my time or money to return it for the 2 dollars and something that I paid for it.. Guess you get what you pay for..
1623	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wow I enjoyed this book. Another reviewer compared it to Dan Brown novels and I sort of agree. All the pieces are here: religious conspiracies, relic hunting, a properly lovable heroine, a love interest that holds its tension through most of the book, and waiting with bated breath to learn how humanity will get on - will we live or die?
7749	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The clips breaks easily.
5216	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	no good
6790	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Did not clean my cds as good as it says. they were still scatched.  would not recommend this products to anyone
4957	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have two VCRs that are 15 years old.  This wet system gently cleans the heads where a dry system might harm them.  Do not order the CleanDR 60128 VHS video head cleaning system just because it is cheaper than this brand.  The CleanDR shows a bottle of fluid and describes it as a wet system, but it is not.  I ordered that first and was sent a totally dry cleaning tape which I cannot safely use with my old VCRs.  So I had to return and then I ordered this brand.  I am very happy with this purchase.  The boxes (I ordered 2) I received look just like the product pictured here.
I could not test network speed, but am able to view streaming video at - what looks like - HD quality.
3574	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great!

Things I don't like about the 500: 1) I don't like the case it came with.  You can't control the volume or anything else that well though it.  2) The 500 has a spinning wheel to control the volume and some of the menu options. The 300 had no moving parts whatsoever. 3) Sometimes when you just want to rewind a section, you can easily jump strait to the beginning of a long passage instead.  This can be quite annoying when you're listening to a long section on an audiobook. 4) The Rioport software should be more flexible. 5) I didn't like the headsets that it came with.
2546	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	after a weeks usage it doesnt even work on the iphone 4s... but the pretty blue LED shines like there is no tomorrow.... ahh the idiot features that work when the product doesnt!
6721	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very helpful and works great!
1597	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A detective in China receives a phone call from his daughter in England.  She calls desperately for help and is cut off.  The father attempts to recontact her to no avail.  The father frantic, comes to England to try to find her.  He discovers that she is not the woman he hoped she would become.  She has been lying to him and misleading him in her activities.  But where is she?  He has no idea but what happens is a surreal trip down the Chinese underground of England.  The author is English and has lived in China and other Asian countries at different times in his life.  He has created a fun, exciting series.
You can make an outgoing call on it, but it will not ring for an incoming call. No Caller ID, no ring, no nothing. Outgoing call sound quality is terrible--static and clicking noises. I tried several different jacks, outlets and locations. I wanted to make sure the units weren't too close, nor too far from each other. Tried different jacks, plugs, etc. Made sure it was plugged directly into an outlet.
4109	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm happy with the price and purchase. Easy to use and practical. The service was excellent

- Having a pad next to a Kindle is very good
7264	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As expected!  No problems with this apron!
8659	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE IT!!!! This has to be one of the best things I have ever gotten on amazon. Not only does it work with my walkie talkies, but I got a 2.5mm to 3.5mm adapter and I can plug it into my ipod and play music!  I haven't tried it yet but, I am interested in seeing if I can plug it into a 2 pin walkie talkie and use it to talk only, then plug in headphones into the other jack. The only complaint is the length of the cord, so I can't wear it over my shoulder, but I can wear it on my shoulder but the cord has to go underneath my arm.
9202	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought a Rio500 and regretted the purchase 5 minutes after opening the package.
Now, thanks to a comment by Torrey Pines on my earlier review, I have learned that there is a workaround.  It requires first using Google Play on the Nook to download and install the Firefox browser application.  Then go to [...] and download and install the "browser plugin" application.  Although it is called a browser plugin, it comes from Adobe and is a Flash plugin.  This website downloaded the app to my library but did not install it.  I contacted Barnes and Noble support and learned that I just had to turn the device off, turn it back on and click on the browser plugin icon on the start screen and it will install.  I contacted support through this page: [...]  You send them your phone number by e-mail and someone from support will call you back.  I got called back in less than a minute.  I found this impressive.
1036	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No problem in a galaxy S3 lots of storage i didn't benchmark it but compared to my 32GB it seems faster
730	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Mount went up easily and seems sturdy enough.  However, adjusting the TV sometimes leaves the TV crooked.  Also, it is almost impossible to adjust tilt without using the provided tools.  Even after using the tools, we couldn't really adjust the tilt to the full amount.
6384	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With no wireless where I work, a cable is required to use the internet.
Speaker/mic housing is feels strong, and cannot break with ease
1402	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great little tablet I bought one a yr ago I think (16gb) and I love it!!!! never had any problems with it, infact I got another one today I bought both of mine at Walmart though.......today I got the 32gb and It was on sale for $125!!! That's less then what I paid for my first one (last yr I paid $179 for the 16gb)
1427	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i already have a nook color got it for mothers day nine years ago from what i have read the only difference is the nook hd has android on it which is why i will be buying it soon  my nook color i have had for nine years and is still going strong my only beef is on my nook color it only rotates when i'm reading and where u plug in charger is on the bottom  a bad place to put it does any one know where the charger port is at i hope not the bottom again it should be on the side of the tablet i'm just saying
9774	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected
Although there was a lot of driving around, there was not a strong sense of place.  The book is very violent.  In itself, I can deal with that, but there was nothing to balance or offset it.  I also kept wonderful where the police were.  The lone man of vengeance may make for an exciting plot, but it just didn't quite play for me.
2327	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
9868	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got my p-touch like 3 years ago for $9.99 from another website. Trying to find the labels is hard and at Office Depot or Office Max or Staples they are expensive.
988	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Put this in my S4, works great. Used my laptop to transfer all music and files from old SD to this new one. Did have only 8gb before but I wanted to make my S4 an mp3 player also so I bought a larger SD card. Have been using this card for the past few months and have found nothing wrong with it.
4777	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was trying to save some old videos by digitizing them for my kids, and they were so dusty, moldy and dirty that my player almost stopped playing them. This head cleaner cleaned my VCR player and I was able to keep playing and recording the videos.

* The switch drives me nuts- I always seem to have trouble turning it on or off with just one hand.
5565	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	those are exceptionally well made. I used "cheapo"-products before but these are really nice quality and come with a sling on one end that allow you to slide it onto a wire, provided the plug on either side is not too large, so it does not fall off when untied.
1099	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	2GB really peps up a Win7 netbook.  How stupid Micro$oft won't let them put Win7 on a 2GB netbook....??

- When you plug in the microphone the sound you hear come out of the mic
9651	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Glad I found it. Works great
It seems to be crisper than much of the competition out there. The ability to change the typeface and size of the fonts is wonderful. The nearest competitors screen almost seems fuzzy in comparison, which for me makes it harder to read. Page changes are fast on the Nook, while nothing can compare with the speed of changing a real books' page, it's fast enough for the average person. Speed readers may find themselves waiting for a few milliseconds though. The controls on the Nook are straightforward and intuitive.

1175	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	At the time, this was the ereader with the best touch screen, side page-turning buttons, a nice contoured design that made it easy to hold, etc.  I had this ereader for a couple years until I switched to the Kindle Paperwhite.  The Nook Glowlight was my first choice, but the backlight on the screen was super faulty.  I still shop at barnes and noble for all my paperback books rather than amazon, and like bookstores, but I'm no longer on the Nook train.
I'm totally pleased with these clever little gems. No complaints. I wouldn't be without a couple, especially for travel.
8725	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Sony Premium Grade T-120 VHS Tapes used to be pretty darn good. These days that is not the case. The past few times that I have bought these tapes to record movies from the satellite dish,there have been to many flaws with the tape. One problem has been a line through the middle of the picture,like you sometimes have when you rent a movie thats about 20 years old,and also there have been jumping pictures,and small audio flaws as well. I use various brands of videotape,so I know that the problem lies here with the Sony videotape. Basically the record about as well as a tape you have recorded on over and over and over. They show too much wear way too soon. Get Maxell tapes instead.
7281	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Clear, acrylic night light. My cat and I think it is so pretty. The color of your wall will show thru, so doesn't always have to be clear. My bathroom walls are white, so it casts a brighter light. It has a bit of weight to it, so it tends to slightly tilt forward in my wall outlet which being up near my medicine cabinet, I feared it would loosen and fall. But a tiny stretch of the prongs fixed the problem. I really like it a lot. Amazon has a great selection of night lights at especially good prices. Can't find them in stores, and pretty ones are very overpriced in gift shops.
1324	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	(Edit: 2/21/2010 - After enjoying my new Nook so much I was curious about the complaints I have read on Amazon. I just carefully read all of the negative reviews. There is so much mis-information in those posts you can only come to one conclusion. I would say most of these reviews are staged. Unfortunately fanboys of products love to use their anonymity of the Internet to drag down the competition. Before you beLIEve what you read here, go to a Barnes and Noble store and you can actually hold and use a demo unit. If you are still in doubt of the nook, simply vist the Kindle Boards forums, you can Google it. They have a board "Other eReaders" and read the positive raves about the nook from actual Kindle owners.)
4731	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work for 2 hours
5270	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I loved my SRIII.  Solid sound quality, excellent AM receptivity (but only average FM receptivity).
All was right with the ordering, packaging and delivery.
Overall, I did not want to a headset because these have to be shared among the referees. I bought 1 and tested it with my Cobra Microtalks and it keyed great voice and provided loud audio playback. I went ahead and bought 3 more.

1772	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I enjoyed it but it wasn't quite a page turner.
7325	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have had my Zip drive for almost 3 years and it has worked great.  Although the performance of the drive has been great I find that the media to be too expensive and much larger than the comparable LS120 drives.  Another suggestion is your buying this drive to use it for fast access to  your files, don't go with the parallel.  Instead go with the internal IDE  or the SCSI.  Both of these are at least twice as fast as a parallel drive.
5014	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got this as a cheap backup MP3 player.  I've been very happy with how it has functioned, especially considering the price.  This identical model is being sold by other companies (with various different coloring and logos) for up to over twice the price--same hardware and software.  If you're looking for a basic MP3 player with plenty of room and a good FM receiver, this is a great solution.  Of course, if you're looking to follow the herd and impress your friends with your lack of money management, Apple will happily accept your cash instead...
The TP-LINK connects to the USB port of the printer and provides an Ethernet port. I was able to connect this to the network and print from both my Windows 7 system and my Fedora Linux system.

6390	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this to extend my wireless mouse usb receiver (ironic I know), the speed is good, the cable is well built, haven't had any problems yet and it works as intended.
4266	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work at all.
8768	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have only one complaint about this earbud/mic unit - the cord is too short. Otherwise, the sound quality is good and the built-in mic with PTT works fine. A 2.5mm extension cord from radio shack (meant for phone headsets, #43-2003) alleviates the cord problem, however. The earbud cushion is comfortable. To be discreet, this is an excellent accessory for your Motorola FRS radio.
3841	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect length! Sturdy, and works as good as any other major brands out there. It's the best bang for the buck!



You will hear music from the disk and then a voice telling you what to do( you have to press a certain track number) and the cleaning gets done ULTRA FAST- like less than 90 seconds!
4) What happens if I replace my Nook with a non-B & N reader? I lose all content purchased.
January 2018
3729	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cable works great for connecting my camera to the TV.
3424	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great little product at a very good price.
Second, replacement notebooks. I have been searching high and low for replacement notebooks and cannot find any. I found some small jr. legal pads and tried those and yes they work, but they don't sit as securely in the sleeve like the moleskine brand pad is and I think this could cause to ripping or sagging of the fabric. I think you are going to need moleskine brand pads or risk ruining the fabric sleeve. This is just a guess. And since you can't at the current time buy replacement notebooks you are out of luck once you run through the initial 50 pages.
I received the batteries promptly. After I put the 1st battery in the camera and charged it and turned it on, the battery charge indicator on LCD screen only showed 1 bar of charge and for some reason it showed 135 minutes remaining which the OEM battery does not do. The second battery did the same but only showed 35 min when fully charged. It would cost almost as much to ship them back to you as I paid so to make me happy and change my review you can send me 2 batteries that have been tested out on my model to make sure they work like the OEM ones. I would actually rather pay more up front and not have to go through this."
9224	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The convenience of floppy disks is hard to beat. No proprietary cables or special setup is required. Even the newer cameras with the USB interface often require their own goofy PhotoSchmuck software to be installed.
2941	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine. It could open a bit further but I can live with that
353	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works, but the way it's designed, it's hard to get the tv perfectly level. Bugged me too bad so we replaced with much smaller tv and it works fine
4035	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine, customer is pleased with performance.

2067	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I find this to be the best designed booklight on the market. No bulky power packs.
Added 7/30/15 - The snap came off a few months after I wrote the above review. I've had the case about 21 months now and it's worn out. Anker's warranty only goes 18 months. Thus the case doesn't last as long as my contract with AT&T. The phone is still intact and I'll buy another case, but I don't know if it will be from Anker. I've reduced the rating to 3 stars.




my Line 6 Spider amp to peddle connection???????????.... Go Figure.

6042	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a quality network patch cord that should prove dependable through the coming years.  I have purchased patch cords from this manufacturer in the past and found no issues with quality before.  I would recommend for purchase.

It is important to note that the instructions say, "Do not plug unit into a power strip." I only have one outlet near my router, and there is a similar Netgear device occupying that outlet. The Netgear device has an outlet so you don't lose an outlet when using this device. I had to plug the Belkin into the Netgear. This is probably violating the "No power strip rule". I also was not using the encryption option.
At the end,  this camera still has problems with the quality of the pictures, but it  comes cheaper than other cameras. If you have a lot of money to invest,  don't buy this one, just buy the best camera with the best lens and don't  look at lower priced items, because quality is what you want.
5553	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	They are simple and easy to use.  The eight inch length will wrap around a fairly large bundle.  I bought  them to use on earbud cables and charger cables for which I trim them to about 3 inches in length.
8640	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Well executed sale/shipment. Spring cord is a bit too tight but I expect that to lengthen in time. A bit lacking in microphone sensitivity, have to hold it just right.
6844	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I would like to say that this item rates very high in quality, price and durability. I would defintly buy this product again.
4039	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I connected my cable box to my TV and the picture color was distorted and there was no sound. I thought there was something wrong with my TV until I tried another cable which worked perfectly. I cannot recommend this cable.
1470	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I would LOVE to have known that you absolutely, positively MUST HAVE wi-fi access to even register this product (which I don't have at home). It came with a USB cable but apparently that was just for looks...
9275	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well
3494	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product
3830	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A cable runs lifetime. Excellent product that is no longer wearing and giving good care never going to hurt you. Product 100 percent recommended
* Streaming a movie was not what I expected. The video had to re-buffer frequently. I never had this problem using my 802.11g wireless connection.

You can stream movies and TV stories with ease on the Nook.  The picture quality is excellent if your wifi is.  I'm in a rural area with no 4G, but I still get crisp, clear movies with my wifi device.  Apps standard on the Nook are Hulu, Smithsonian, Showtime, and Netflix.  There may be more sources of flicks on it, but, truthfully, I haven't looked--and, since they add apps every week, you have to keep looking.
5456	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
2904	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice little drive for the price, I had to use both the USB data and power cable to get it to work with a small Dell notebook running Windows 10. After doing that, it was plug and play.
Even after all this time, it's still very satisfying to know that I can load in some map coordinates, and just set out to my destination, without worrying about getting there.  My greatest trek to date is a 1500-mile journey to the wilderness of Maine, where we consistently hit all our marks without a hiccup.  One of those days would have been impossible or ended tragically without the GPS.
8260	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am very satisfied with this purchase.
What a great gift, and a great buy!!!
9982	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent-- Works Exactly as Described. I paired it with the 18-2442 Antennae for Out & About Use. Also the NOAA reports come in Loud & Clear with the Rubber Antenna.
6046	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
9723	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great item!

2214	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I can read in bed without disturbing my husband ... the flexibility of the arm, along with the lighting makes this a really good book light!
9049	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	IT DOES A GOOD JOB EVERY CLEANING HAS BEEN VARY GOOD
Notes:
9785	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
4784	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works perfectly
7647	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good, cheap cable
7075	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is exactly as described. It works good & have not had any troubles with it.

5265	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I borrowed these headphones from my dad and decided to get an over the ear pair for myself, but wanted to check out other brands. I looked for at least an hour at all different brands and read hundreds of reviews. Bose, Skull Candy, Beats by Dre. After all the searching, I came to the conclusion that these are as good as any for the price. The bass is not loud but it is enough to gauge if it will be loud out of a speaker. They do actually fit perfectly around my ear without touching any part of my ear. I can wear them for hours. They get hot after a little but what headphones don't. Its funny when I see people complain about that. You have no air getting to your ears, of course they will get hot. Anyway, love these headphones.
7506	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very durable, these get thrown around everyday getting setup and packed up for conference meetings.  Been using this model for a couple years now and haven't had any die on me yet.
597	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We have a 26" TV in our bedroom and no real table-top space for it, so we mounted it above our dresser with this.  The arm tilts and moves smoothly so it's easy to set this however we want, as often as we like.  Great purchase.
In spite of the 7-year life, I still give this radio the highest rating.  Fair is fair, right?  Can't complain about 7 years of perfect performance, can we?  I say no.
1857	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Honestly I had a pretty good book light until there way a problem with it no longer lighting. I got this one because I thought it would be flexible and I would be able to read without disturbing my husband. However it put off so much light my husband couldn't even sleep, and it was so flexible it wouldn't also stay in one place. It might as well have been a piece of wire with a light on it. I wouldn't buy this light again that's for sure!

  These headphones are for the person who wants tolerably decent sound reproduction in a compact package. Commuters, some travelers and others with modest expectations will love these. They fold into a pretty small package that can be tucked into a somewhat large package or a fanny pack or backback or mesenger bag or what have you. The headband has a wide range of adjustment and maintains the position you set it in.
7740	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is surprisingly the best power strip I ever had! I love it for many reasons, it's compact form, the color code system, I can fit all the chargers in without conflicting with each other!
4609	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quick delivery and is as advertised. Works great. Highly recommend if you only have a tape player in your car.
910	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works how an sd card should.
*Helpful hints/tips/shortcuts
3504	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
In short, PLEASE read this book. It has a classic good vs. evil plot and lovable characters sure to delight all ages of readers.
5150	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	[roduct was as expected
Just wish it had a lo/high setting.
9853	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for labels and its easy and works well all kinds of sizes and dimensions . Labels are nice very nice



9092	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was ready to purchase a new player and decided to try this instead. My player would skip, would stop, and screen would go blank. This lens cleaner was delivered quickly and worked perfectly. I saved having to buy a new unitCouldnt ask for any more than that. THANK YOU :-)
I don't want to short the story with the breakdown that gives away anything major but I also do not want this to sound too basic so I want to note that leaving the synopsis at that because of spoilers, noting that if the description sounds good, read it. It  takes a lot more turns and is very effective in not only in making me want to continue reading but also in fleshing out the characters and making them interesting. That's a feat a lot of tales fall short attempting but that this does well.


This unit allowed me to attach to the flat screen and then push the who;e unit back to within 1 inch of th wall
Should be smooth printing from there.
834	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works excellent in my GoPro!
2957	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well. Plug and play with Windows 7. Doesn't appear to interfere with computer power. Good product.
684	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item serves its purpose as well as any other mount.  Its most appealing attribute is its large range of motion.  I am using this to corner-mount a 32" TV and it works perfectly to hide the mount, receptacles, and cables behind the TV.  Very easy installation as well.
4999	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product many times before, so knew just what I was getting.  It does a very good job of cleaning the track system of your VCR.  You will notice a big difference in the clarification of your tapes once you have used this product.
I've gotten very used to sitting in my favorite chair and surfing the net. When cable or DSL eventually come to my neighborhood, I guess I'll have to set up a wireless network in my home (for a lot more money) -- in order to maintain my mobility.
5414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product good price
3487	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	no issue here. Works as advertised.

Overall, great mics at a descent price.  At first the cord will be annoying but with time it should stretch and work better on adults. May look a little funny though if all your kids had these mics on their shoulders. People may give you strange looks.


8189	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this product after doing a lot of price comparisons and reading reviews. I am satisfied with it. The cable is of good quality. I use it to connect my wired Trendnet Broadband router to my laptops.
(just take what you would spend on this and give to a homeless person... don't let this vendor take advantage of another unwary soul)
9601	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	makes printed labels
8515	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	arrived when promised, packaging excellent, product as described.

9968	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great, only used basic features but sent and recieved just fine while on the trail.

5835	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had problems with my DVD burner skipping areas when burning.  One could see the blank lines on the surface of the disk.  This fixed the problem.  How?  I don't care or know.  It worked.
Update - 12/4/2014 - Monitor Died after 8 Months.  There doesn't appear to be a warranty.  So it looks like I paid about $50/month to rent it for a while.
8256	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is very difficult to find any VHS blank tapes let alone high quality 160 tapes. The VCRs will fade into the sunset and VHS tapes are no longer manufactured over the next few years.  "Be smart, buy now."
10	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I am very happy that I have never been a fan of the "Hollywood" scene or that I never found myself "needing" to go Hollywood - because if I base myself on the novels I have been reading about Hollywood, this is NOT a place that I want to be.
2891	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great for laptops, to watch movies or install programs from disc.
7310	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous product - works great - highly recommend - have used on my friends boat and it is great when we are on shore and need some one to come retrieve us - also works great on the boat that is 168 feet long

4183	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what is says.  Works very well in my Motorola VE20.  900 songs in it now.  I'm happy.
6155	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got this cable for an extension. so far no problems, works as good as asked for. very pleased indeed.
1498	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought the Nook last week, its always a joyous experience to buy something from a store, activation was easy on the device, took some time to create new account on Barnes and noble site, but I was ready to go in 15 minutes.
There were a few too many editing errors to refer to this as `professionally edited'; however, it did not fall very short.
3814	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Excellent. this product is lovely and is very good for use in my new iPhones and others thing to me

As of this date, our children are now asking as they did before can they have my Nook. And for now they can use my Nook, but I still love Nook and I am not ready to give my Nook up. One day we will purchase Nooks for the whole family.
2537	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Plug it into your accessory outlet and charge your USB cabled device. I use it for charging my iPhone while I drive to and from work.
2347	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product and shipping quickly
9252	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my Brother Labelmaker and this tape is great. Good value for the amount of tape. I'm label happy and it takes me ages to use up.
7113	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've always seen high-quality products from Belkin, and this one is no exception. It is a high-quality USB cable at a great price, by a leading computer accessory company. An extra bonus is the lifetime warranty!
260	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	First Sentence:  Neither of the two men trusted the other, but that, after all, was the nature of the business.

9768	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	NICE PRINT
2931	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good
4798	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It seems to work better than some other cleaners of that type.  Bare in mind that this kind of cleaner puts considible drag on the VHS Player. Some players will eject the cleaner before it is complete, this cleaner cartriage seems easyer on the machine.
120	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	real garbage don't wast your money

7552	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i got two of these and they seem to be working well. i love the long cord, makes it easier to place it where i want it, when i only have two outlets in my room
6389	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well packaged and works well.
7232	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great buy for those of us who still use VHS recorders. Great picture quality. I fall asleep by 8pm, so recording is the only way I can see my favorite shows at my convenience.
5914	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good price
3375	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These were a life-saver! I bought 2 of these and I was a little unsure of the quality based on the price of this item, but was pleasantly surprised by how well it worked for me over 6 weeks in Europe and UK.  Stayed in over 22 hotels and on a train sleeper car and never had a problem.  I travel with a CPAP breathing machine and it was critical to have power every night so I could sleep.  I also had an iPhone and my brother had an iPad and the USB charger was great for both.  I could also use one plug to both power the CPAP and charge the iPhone.  It was really nice to have the red lights that indicated that you had power since many outlets in Europe and UK have some sort of switch that turns the power off to each individual outlet.  Also, on the train, the red light wast coming on and let me know that the outlet wasn't working.  I worked with the conductor to get some circuit breakers on the train reset by letting him know when the red light came back on.  That was quite a time saver and great tool for that purpose.
1180	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent little Reader!  No glare, easy on the eyes, very functional.  Why pay more for another brand when this does the job excellently!  I highly recommend.

5320	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good

only cons: shame the book can't be printed in color and the starting robot is not the same as the "quick start" mindstorms robot.
9117	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is not only cleaning it is entertaining too, with all that pretty image that you see during the process.
7291	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a decent cable for the price.  The connection of the cable to the connector is rugged and will resist breaking easily.  Cable is well insulated and connectors are of typical Belkin quality.  Have used this in several environments including in the lab setting with satisfactory performance.
9298	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yes, the cameras are virtually indestructible.  And NO, WP isn't "weather proof" it's "water proof" according to Canon's own literature for this camera including the owners manual.  Ours says it's "waterproof to 16.4 feet"  Has worked fine in our local lake and motel swimming pools. You simply can not compare the quality of photos taken with this camera with the quality of those taken with the disposable 'waterproof" cameras that you buy at the discount stores. You really can't come up with a better fun at the lake, snorkeling, hotel pool camera for this kind of money. Generally a decent waterproof camera costs a LOT more and a water proof housing for a camera yo may already own is very expensive. You're not gonna get a lot of National Geographic quality shots with this but you just may surprise yourself!
4556	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It broke after one month.
.

Recommended
7526	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Amazing it powers everything!
8792	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it. In face loved it so much I bought another one. Works great with my small two way Motorola radios. Easy to use and good sound, receiving and sendiing
5970	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought 2 of these kits hoping they would work.  I have found them absolutely useless at $10+ per kit.  I will continue to search for a product/system that REALLY works.
3281	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and works great
3859	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	...at the price i paid for this.  using two--one as a camera-to-computer and the other as a monitor-to-computer cord, and have had zero problems with either of them to date.
4500	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	really nice headset--especially for the price--i use it for my radio while i am walking--no more ear buds for me
5814	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's getting harder and harder to find new blank tapes. Amazon is a good source for quality tapes.
7321	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Iomega ZIP 100 Drive Parallel Port
1916	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Killing Mum immediately sucks you in with a dark, calculating main character that nonchalantly embraces his life as an assassins' agent. A quick read that you won't be able to put down.

They have a nice adapter included to fit both 1/4" and mini jacks.  The cord wire is very light weight.  If you're careful with them they will serve you for a while.  They're not a set of Bose but if you need a bunch of headsets and are operating on a budget you should be happy with them.
My house is made concrete & steel and has metalic tinted glass all over, so wireless stuff doesn't work the greatest. With my windows closed & the tranmitter on my patio, I get about 30' with occaisional drift. Your house might be better. I'm going to buy another pair because I see that they are discontinued and these sound better than the newer ones. I'm also concerned that the new ones may have differnt frequencies, which is a good thing if you want to use more than one pair at a time, connected to different inputs.
7801	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the round design on this.  The design allows for you to use big plug in adapters and not have it take up another outlet.  I use this in my office and it works well.
1) PRICE - If you were to go to the big electronics store (BB) or the big box monster (WM) you would pay hundreds. I can't fathom those more expensive mounts doing anything that this one does not. Does it cook dinner for me? Why pay $100-$250 for a mount when you can get this one for $29.99 & oh, by the way have the confidence in 898 customer reviews averaging 4.5 stars at the time of this writing?

Option #3. Install a stud. You're on your own with this...
8551	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	To bad I miss ordered...this looks to be like a very nice cable extension cord...unfortunately I had to replace the order..hopefully with the right #'s this time....
If the device doesn't take much current to charge the 2nd light might not come on to indicate that it is charging. One of our devices (an iPod Nano) had this issue, but the device showed that it was being charged, so I don't view this as much of a problem.


8075	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The snagless part is really nice. Most any problems I've ever had end up being broken ends and this type seems to solve that problem.
1458	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is the nook i don't like..it doesnot habe light to let you read at night but have a colored screen to navigate..this is poorly conceptualized as ereader..not user friendly too..
Now as he nears age 33, the date the devil comes to take his soul.... OK, OK, I know, we are already down the gothic road to cliche... but this book is scary, in a straight forward way, in a devil-stole-soul-is-killing-your-friends kind of way.  Private eye Nightingale attacks the problem with equal measures of denial, nonplussedness, and cussedness.  The result is a spooky book, full of creaking floors, hissing cats, strange women killing your friends, devil worship, devil fighting, and a good dose of London settings.
The LED is way too bright.  Use some whiteout or so to cover it up.
2793	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product met and exceeded my expectations.  It works perfectly. This product is an absolute steal.  There is no better such product and certainly no better price.  I bought it for my RV and likely will buy two more for my cars.
My favorite aspect has to be the absolutely AMAZING macro mode. The 950 can focus sharply at a ridiculously small distance from the subject. This thing is almost a microscope. Yes, it can be tricky to adjust lightning in those cases, but the ability to focus so well at such distances really impressed me when this model came out.
However, it has a few shortcomings. The paperless manual is a  pain when you are learning.  You just CANNOT see the lcd screen on the  camera in bright light which makes using the manual settings impossible.  The add on lenses (wide angle, etc) are awkward to use. I have lost more of  the tiny lens caps than I will confess.  I even dropped one on the grass  and was unable to find it right after dropping it.  I now have 6, having  asked everyone I know for one for presents.
7553	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A lot cheaper made than I had thought but decent for the price.
3835	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	THIS MINI HDMI CABLE  WORKS GREAT WHEN CONNECTING IT TO MY DIGITAL CAMERA. I COULD VIEW MY PHOTOS IN HD WITH MY LARGE SCREEN HDTV.

8830	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This case causes dual feeling. On one hand, great quality, convenience and good looking go to 5 stars. It's not necessary to remove the back cover of the phone comparing to similar case models and I love that! On the other hand, the top and the bottom of the phone are not protected and once dropped the phone can be lost forever. Think yourself about this case. Will I use it? Definitely, but very carefully since it doesn't add too much for a protection. It's like dropping the phone without case at all. Id does protect the screen if placed in a tight bag, but the button is too tight and there is a chance to damage the phone while closing the case. On the other hand, there is no magnet like i many similar models and I love that because it doesn't damage the phone sensors and the bank cards that could be pretty close to this case while in the bag.
8064	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	its a jumper. cant say much more than that. works. nice quality. went from switch to internet ready device. ok.
B&N OS is horrible, slow, cluncky, and based on old Ice Cream Sandwich, not Jelly Bean
9161	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works for me . It also has a few extras such as audio/video tests . I don't have any complaints .
On a whole, I find the device to be a little slow, but great for what it is intended for. it probably "turns" the pages as fast as you would turn the page of a real book.  I'm already used to fast devices, so that is probably why this seems slow to me.
5578	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered this 50' cable.  I was sent a 25' cable instead.  Now I have to return the cable, and due to their S_L_O_W return processing times I won't have the 50' cable I ordered by May 10th when I travel to another state where it will be installed over the weekend.  It's obvious to me Amazon doesn't check orders with package labeling to ensure the item being shipped matches the item that was ordered.  Order CLEARLY states 50 foot.  Package CLEARLY states 25' and that was obvious to me as soon as I opened the box.  Should have been obvious to Amazon before they closed the box to send it.
1415	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	If all you want is a tablet for reading B&N books and periodicals and maybe playing the occasional cheesy game, this is for you.  Otherwise, pass.
5273	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	got these for my dad to replace the Philips HN 110 that were discontinued and he likes these better! perfect for planes since he flies twice a week. probably gonna get a pair for myself too even tho i only fly twice in a blue moon.
The pacing was great, also. I only found myself skimming twice, mainly at the end of chapters because I was eager to know what happened next. Some parts of the plot seemed predictable when I began the book, like Samantha's life as troubled teen and Jonah's situation. Nichols, however, takes these time-honored roles and made them interesting enough to keep me turning the pages.
2502	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
6841	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	AFTER SEVERAL YEARS OF GUNGY APPEARANCE OF MY KOHLER SINK BASIN RACK, I REALIZED IT MIGHT BE AVAILABLE ON AMAZON...AND IT WAS....IT CAME WITHIN THE WEEK, IN SPARKLING WHITE, AND MAKES MY SINK LOOK LIKE NEW.

67	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I enjoyed this book quite a bit.  It was pretty exciting and a fun read.
I had this a couple of days 9 and I place this in my wash room where I keep my kitchen trash pail and it can get take your breath away it a close room anyway this absorber all the smell out of this room infact it smell clean no more trash smell this is a natural air purifier and it Bacteria free my bag is small 3.1x2.4x3.1 inches and weight about 8.8 ounces so it will be easy to set this next to something or hang it in which I did and what great about this bag is that it is Rechargeable (just place this in the sun)and it come with a 100% Percent Refund if you not happy this bag really work think of all the places you can use this catlitter box/shoe closet/next to trash/diaper pail anywhere their is Oder just a really awesome product
6654	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got this to charge my Plantronics 855 cellphone headset from the USB port on my PC (or USB car charger). The tiny "micro B" connector is not the easiest thing for an aging fellow with aging eyes to get connected and the standard could be improved by a tactile or high-contrast visual indication of which way is "up" to ease the connection process, but otherwise, no complaints here.
5519	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I set this up and have been using it for a while now. Excellent quality and was able to run it throught the floor boards to my PS3 for a faster network connection.
2472	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	its ok better than alot of other products
365	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Used on a 24" TV. Had a little issue with the length of the screws that came with, but I had other washers to use so it worked out ok. Seems nice and sturdy once I got it mounted on the wall.
479	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This unit has worked perfectly in holding a 40" TV in an extended position for months - without sagging or failing.  Very happy with the purchase
8184	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ahhh its a network cable... Works as expected, would give it 10 stars if it could talk to me but since it cant 5 stars will have to do. LOL
1394	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product  works just as described have had no problems with it since I got it thanks for a great product
2798	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I've owned for 8 months and its been a passable monitor. No settings at all just brightness.
6067	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Only allowed me to record on them once. Everything after that is all garballed. DO NOT BUY!  Total waste of $$$.
5784	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what is expected.
3986	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got this to connect my Canon 7D to the TV. I like the low price and the quality of picture i get on TV but the cable is a bit hard to windup for storing in the bag. I wish the rubber compound used to make the cable is a bit softer to handle.

6532	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought Belkin USB Extension cable (10-feet) and Sabrent USB to Parallel IEEE 1284 printer cable.  Needed both to hook up HP Laserjet 1320 to my newer computer which did not have a parallel port and was further than six feet.  Together they worked fine -- hooked up and Windows 7 installed drivers for USB connection and printer driver.
Looking at how the Moleskine cover is constructed, I think they could change the product so that the notepad could be inserted from either end, thus making it "flip-able".  The slit at the top of the inside front-cover is the only limitation currently.
It is an overpriced Barnes & Noble franchise in your dumb little hands and you're well served keeping your receipt and refunding it.
6005	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Been using this stuff for a couple years.  Works great for me. I use it different than the instruction.  Find a flat surface, lay a bundle of tissue on it, place the disk scratched face up.  Place a couple drops of #1 abrasive on the disk and immediately start wiping with some pressure radially outward (you don't have to wait 5 minutes).  Keep working your way around the disk until the solution is dry (about 5 minutes).  Spray once with #2, and using a clean TISSUE, continue wiping VERY GENTLY radially outward until #2 dries.  Try the disk.  If it doesn't work, repeat all the above until it does.  This really does work, but it can take some elbow grease and repeated tries depending on the severity of the scratches.  I've had a LOT of scratched disks, and I haven't found one yet that I couldn't fix with this.

3414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is less expensive than at cell phone dealers.  Seems to work well.  Saves hassle of loosing info when you upgrade phone.
9495	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very handy if you have the other part I just love the Ptouch printer I give those out for Christmas and you do need the tape to make labels.

2470	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It is spring loaded so it loves to jump out of the socket.
Make sure your computer graphics card has DVI-D output to experience the full capability of this monitor.
2524	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love the way it can charge 2 devices at once!  Seems to charge quicker without GPS on, with it on, it only holds the battery, but better than it dying!!!
7351	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have two of these connected together to extend my keyboard from the computer.  I would definitely purchase again. Thanks.
8924	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cable worked great will buy again when i need another cable.  Very durable and works like it should.
Thankyou.
1897	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm very pleased with this protective cover for my new Nook Simple Touch.  It's easy to install and remove the Nook.  Unlike my previous cover (which I lost along with my Nook on a backpacking trip), this cover holds the Nook by way a pair rugged plastic tabs that perfectly fir the little detentes in the top and bottom edge of the Nook.  (I never knew what those detentes were for before getting this cover).  At first I was a little skeptical about how securely the Nook would be held in place, but it's not a problem - they hold quite securely.
Avoid the GE...pay only $5 more and get the Sony, which has automatic shutoff and a carrying handle, both which the GE doesn't.
7685	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Received quickly and no issues with cable
 this is a great buy! and its worth it  to have a few of these on hand...you never know when youll need one.
1602	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The author's idea of writing a thriller in which the main characters do not speak / have trouble with the language of the place where the action develops is interesting. Especially when considering the tools used to convey this factor: a combination of broken English sentences, even when referring to some of the descriptions, and a need for translation help by other characters. This in turn leads to some funny situations but also to some frustrating ones.
I ended up losing it one day, and found the unit about three months later in the driveway, a little scuffed up, but it worked fine, so I took a push pin and heated it up, and put a hole through it and put a paper clip through it and wrapped it into a ring, and clipped it onto my keyring with a standard clip, pretty determined to keep this thing, because I really liked it.
3932	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	All the new graphics card seem to be going to mini-HDMI or DisplayPort, I hooked this up from my PC to my 42 inch LCD HDTV and it works great, the display is fabulous! Playing games like Starcraft 2 is just awesome.
Works great, nice to solve a problem so cheaply and easily.
Her story follows a young woman who flees her own personally bad situation and ends up in a small town where she shortly ends up employed as a nanny at a local parsonage where the pastor is not only the leader of a church but a high-profile Christian in many media outlets.  Everyone in this story needs help in some form or another, and even "Christians" are having trouble appreciating their faith anymore.  There is a lot to digest but the book is never without hope.
Usb device unrecognized message in windows.
8011	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this cable and it worked well.  I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for products sold by belkins.
502	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This will be awesome if my husband ever puts it up. It is still in the box it came in at this point.
When I first ordered, I received just an outer case. The company told me to keep the mistaken shipment and quickly sent me the correct replacement.
341	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for its long arm. I was able to turn my 50" Vizio TV totally to the right (90 degrees). The edge of the TV was just barely touching the wall. Sturdy enough if you get the bolts in the center of a good stud or better yet into a 4x4 column.
Note that to me the only significant Minus is #1.
I wrote to Numark and they suggested cleaning the heads..
2268	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My son loves them. They fold up and fit in his tablet bag.
I will say that the character development is very good for the main character. I enjoy the way this author draws you into a story, forcing you to turn just one more page to find out what happens next.
1584	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great.
7367	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	at a price like this, great deal.


499	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i bought a funky double hinged wall mount from amazon and it did not work. I went to best buy and they said to purchase this $350 wall mount they had, I snagged a pic of the measurements and extension ability from the box, came home and found this one to be near similar. Needless to say I now have my 47 in LG flat screen securely mounted and sitting pretty in the corner of my living room.

6649	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These clothes are easy to use and reusable! Carefully removes lots of surface scratches and marks that you can't see. I've had several discs that digitized while watching.....very frustrating!....After wiping with a cloth they all came out almost perfect!!! You have to wipe slowly and carefully, but they work great.

1688	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This story had me intrigued from the very beginning. Every character is unique and well defined, and the plot is unlike anything else I have read. The story flowed like a Hitchcock movie and had me guessing up until the very end. The protagonist, "D" is a far-from-perfect reporter who is well aware of his shortcomings. It was refreshing to read a story where the protagonist is not omnipotent or a superhero. I will be reading more from Moxie Mezcal.
Overall,  I would recommend this to anyone needing a DVD/CD rom for the Acer Aspire One Netbook,  provided you do not want a unit for burning CD's and DVD's..
My co-workers and friends love the aesthetics of the Nook look, as I love all the features in the device.
6932	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought it primarily to extend the charging cable for my Nexus 7 tablet. It works fine although the charging seems to be a little slower.
501	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the best mount I have ever found, especially for the price.
8941	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say...it is cable. It is long, it is blue, it does its job and the price was right..
281	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I already know probably more than most about OS X, but this book does a phenomenal job of writing about many different topics in an uncluttered, and aesthetically pleasing way.  It's a very Apple-like publication with very high use value to all but the most die-hard Mac users.  It makes a great present to somebody who switched to Macs, too.
I admit I still have trouble with Mac's interface at times, and the trackpad just about all the time, but this book has helped me through my discomfort. (My two finger slide to scroll is evidently just not effective for some reason.) The layout of this book makes it easy to find what you're looking for without having to read page after page of a part or process' origins in the computer industry. I hate that about most computer books.
7409	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Like most people, the minidisc was a distant memory in my mind, stored  away with the likes of Crystal Pepsi and the McDLT. However, while looking  for a way to move my MP3s to a portable device, I stumbled across the Sharp  722. Reluctantly, I purchased it, and in a word, it's incredible.
6724	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use very frequently for clean my cds and dvds. thank you

8506	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its a Cable Extender for a Monitor not a space shuttle....Its cheap...Order one...
6662	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Its ok
6518	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is a Null modem adapter, what can I say about it. Good quality, heavy duty adapter. Most people these days probably have no idea these are used for, but us old timers fixing older equipment still need these suckers. Cheers.


All in all I say give this device a try; it's a lot different compared to the kindle and all the other e-readers on the market. Hopefully this review was helpful;Happy reading!
8026	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	there's not a lot to say about this cable but I've got to try since there's a minimum word requirement for this review - the cable is good, its the right length, it works.
- Looks enough like a book or journal to disguise the Kindle
8882	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, this item was exactly as expected.  CAT5e cable in Belkin retail blister pack.  No issues whatsoever, great price, and quick delivery.  Amazon strikes again!!!
4040	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great buy.

4033	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Is as advertised.
2971	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What you see is what you get . Exceptional . I didn't try burning a DVD though .

9106	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I thought we were going to have to throw out our DVD player.  I used this product and the DVD player is working again.
2775	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So I'd heard about Moleskine cover mods for Kindle and iPad via [...]. They'd included a link to this cover, so I clicked it to see what the deal was.
4043	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good

Conclusion:
I am happy with them.
My older two eBook readers work right of the box. Just copy the documents to it and open to read them.
2637	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are great and do work well, but do not bother ordering online. Buy these from a local Walgreens or some other store close by. They have these for $2 and in different colors!
7364	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time, exactly what ordered, came in two bags of 10 packages and 5 singles ...order was double.  Bought case for them too awaiting that delivery.  Christmas present but my sister was happy to get them even if ahead of time.
391	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For the price, it can't be beat.  Works great on my 32 inch LCD TV
2164	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is my 3rd one. So bright and durable. Adjustable neck makes it really easy to position the light right where I need it. It's a really bright white light, so if you're looking for something subtle that won't disturb your partner in bed, this might not be the one.
3892	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Plug n play...resolution was awesome. Cord was nice quality did not feel like it was cheap. Now i can take the camera AND CABLE anywhere and plug it in.
3923	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect mini HDMI and it's a real bargain! There are some HDMI cables that have a very high price range, but this one has a really low price and it works great! I am using this cable on my Canon 600D/Rebel T3i. The T3i takes 18 Mega Pixel pictures and I can now see them on my HDTV. I played back HD video on it to and there was no lag what so ever. Personally, this cable seems to do just as great as those other more expensive brand cables. I would recommend this mini HDMI if you are going to be using it for your DSLR camera. 1080P Capable!
1182	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic device!  Easy to use, simple to carry.  Does exactly what it says on the box.  Mounts w/o any strangeness right on the desktop so you can move epub files on and off it as you wish, with no additional software.  Love it.
1244	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I must admit I was a skeptic regarding ebooks. I thought nothing could beat a good ole paperback in my hand. after purchasing 2 of these for my wife and I on a whim I have to admit, I love it.

8122	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You could have paid much more money for the exact same cable. This cable works as well as one you might pay two to three times the price. Recommend the product and the vendor.
4438	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	These cases are not suitable to replace broken clear jewel cases because there's an area of ridges along the left side that obscures the artwork, and the tray where the CD sits is made of frosted plastic, which also obscures the artwork. The jewel cases I received are not the same as those pictured in the Amazon listing. They are also made of very thin plastic and feel flimsy. They definitely aren't "...superior in quality, manufactured and designed to exceed the industry standards," as the Amazon listing states.
It feels as if this product  was rushed out in a "just make it work" strategy. Dazzle  obviously did not test this product thoroughly enough before finalizing  it.

Only downside: a bit heavier than the PU pleather velcroed case.
8940	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable is such a great price, ....that ....that alone is a great reason to buy it........ It helped me extend the distance of my signal, without the cost of having to buy a signal booster
3573	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A++++++

Overall:
3999	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As usual, a great product!
The sound quality is quite good for a radio as small as this. I have to crank it fairly high to hear when I'm taking a shower (even though it's waterproof, I don't put in the shower with me). However, there's not distortion at high volume.
4424	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Inexpensive and fully functional.


2866	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fully satisfied
824	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It does connect to my tv and gives me images and audio but it does not charge my phone so I have to watch with a fully charged phone and only for as long as the charge lasts...

1113	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not much to say here, the memory popped in the laptop and it is working fine.
A couple of firmware changes have fixed some of the issues with the nook, but there are some problems (such as the Etch-A-Sketch effect described above) that may never be resolved. I was, for the most part, aware of these issues before I made my purchase, so it was not that big of a deal to me as it might be for other potential buyers. Overall, the nook is a gorgeous e-reader (at least compared to the 1980s retro style of the Kindle), and it does its job quite effectively.

6512	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works just fine, nice blue color, and no trees in the rain forest were used in the manufacturing of the product. Not much else to say.

8278	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great price for these high quality optics - amazingly clear, rocket fast to focus, rubber coating makes them easy to hold, but I prefer using the tripod adapter. The diopter adjustment is a breeze between my wife's viewing preferences and my own, so we're having no problem sharing these back and forth. The Bushnell neck strap is a little cheesy and certainly too thin for the weight of these binoculars. A token lens cleaning cloth, lens covers and a nylon carrying case are provided as well - I will upgrade to an OP/TECH neck strap.
9404	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love my P-Touch!  I've had it for about 10 years now, and it's still working perfectly.  I use it all the time.  The refills are a bit pricey, but they last a long time.

- view titles as icons or in a list
  I bought the Nook with my own money, and it is mine. Shame on you B&N for stealing from a loyal (ex) customer. I trusted you and you stole from me.
3768	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice cable and do the job for my movies on my HDTV
For $40 this radio is not a particularly good buy.  There are much better radios for the same price, or significantly less.  The leather cover adds a bit of uniqueness.  In its absence, this radio would be worth $20, at the very most.
8985	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product
2317	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Broke fast. Cheap product
53	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I've had mine for a year and here's what we got. It tries to route be down non truck routes while telling me the truck route is illegal for me. This is such a bad problem that even Interstate 25 in Denver Colorado is listed (according to this GPS) as a non- truck route and will route you through the city instead. There are several drivers within our company who own one and more than half (of about 50) have crashed to an un-recoverable state. Our company representative said that Rand McNally informed them that the GPS was not designed to say on for a long period of time. Really? it's a truck driver GPS. We have one driver with a $2400 dollar ticket due to this GPS routing him down the wrong road. The companies response was to update the unit. I've had mine for a year, I never noticed one update that corrected functionality, they only seem to keep messing the tools. I want a GPS that routes, if I wanted tools I'd buy software for my computer.
i would recommend an SD card that's designed for your phone and whatever is recommended.
2326	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great

My player required 5 playings of full tract 2 to function properly again.
2844	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Thought it was a DVD player for my TV but it doesn't work for that
6077	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for the price and worked very well
2591	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought so we could charge to phones at the same time while in the car from the same port.  Works.
- Reconnect the printers back to the print server.
5172	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great
8032	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is a very good cable. It is durable and just long enough to be very effective.  I use it all the time and it has held up well!

One last plus - once you get your Nook STR, check the "Shop" tab to access B&Ns website.  Every Friday B&N offers a free book for download, and has discounts on other days of the week.

916	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works perfectly
If you don't have to have a color screen or a touchscreen and just want an eReader, I think this is a great choice. I love some of the features on this and think they should have been on the NookColor. I definitely read a lot more books now and it's easy to take with me everywhere I go.
I've been using the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Brother-PT-70-labeler/dp/B000L513ZU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Brother PT-70 labeler</a>&nbsp;for a while, and use the black-on-white labels as visual aids on electrical/data cabling connection points and to categorize the contents inside plastic storage containers.
If B&N made it easy to download free books, I'd be more forgiving on the crappy software they use and the delicate power connector.  If B&N made a decent, usable interface, and made it easy to load whole library's of free books, I'd probably buy some electronic books and they would earn my business.  As it is, I will never buy an e-Book or any other book from B&N.  That is how angry I am about wasting money on this product.
I have nothing bad to say about the 90 minute Maxell XLII tape.
7475	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good power strip.  the best part is the spacing for all of the transformer plugs.  Most power strips don't have that spacing making them not much use for most modern electronics.
1. The actual reading:
4229	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Using this in my LG Dare cell phone.  Write speed is fast and read speed is also good.  Does what I need, not much to review on a product like this.
4350	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I wanted to review photos on my camera via my HD TV.  I can sit across the room from the TV and get an excellent view.
9179	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Simple to use, compact, one rechargable AA battery lasts more than 12 hours, great quality.  Great value.  I enjoy it everyday.
4293	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Didn't charge the phone .had to have a new phone sent  because the connection was loose.not sure if the phone or cable was to blame so I didn't return it. It fit ok
8481	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent microphone for the cost!
4887	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Did the job
The Not-so-good:

4087	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	all according to the agreement. 100% recommended.
9124	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	no problems with this one as it runs in almost every machine while being enjoyable pictures withmusic at the same time.
268	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	In my opinion this book is a  better value than "Macbook Pro for Dummies".  It's a great reference to have on hand.
2605	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Plugged it in and it charged my iphone4 for three straight days on the road. Lights up blue when charging, compact design. Solid performance.


819	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
Pros:
9543	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well. Great price.
-Long Arm:  corner or high mobility mount for LARGER TVs
Ran from DSL router to computer and ROKU.
Two comments. The documentation provided with the device is woefully inadequate. I did not install the Audio Manager software, as I prefer staying with Real Jukebox, which is compatible with the Rio 500. Thus, any documentation that would come with the software install was not useful. The "Guide" that comes with the device does not explain adequately how to set up the "Program" function. I also have a PC that is somewhat unreliable when using certain USB devices. Sometimes the Rio device mysteriously becomes unrecognized, which takes some tweaking to fix. The documentation does little to help the user out with this issue.
Jonathon Waterman - author of the Kindle eBook, "The Question"

3040	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This USB DVD/CD external drive works like a charm! Very simple to set up, have been using it with my iMac that does not have an internal disk drive. Computer recognized it immediately. The drive is very light and portable.
271	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My husband was so impressed with the cover that he would like for Marie to do his cover on his upcoming book and he is doing it through Kindle and Createspace.
1204	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	My screen stopped working a week out of warranty.  Apparently, this is a common issue with the Nook Simple Touch.  Customer service told me that Barnes & Noble is aware of this issue but they do not plan to repair or replace anything.  This is not the way to treat customers.  I am canceling all my pre-orders and I will try a different ereader.
9947	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love this and the silver refills  i see alot of reorders in the future!!!
What this device does:
7648	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected, no problem.
7990	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought the pink 7ft cable and really like it.  I took it to a workshop where no wireless signals were permitted (radio telescope workshop.. obvious reasons for that necessity), and everyone had ethernet cables and it was just a mess with all the cables and trying to figure out which went with which laptop, etc.  But, thanks to this distinctive cable, I didn't have to be concerned with any of those issues--or with my cable magically disappearing! (which seemed to be the fate for a few of the many, many mundane blue ones).
4529	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Hello Fellow Amazonians
9559	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	its label maker tape, works like its supposed to, easy to instal.  no issues
-instructions say 110V-250V, but unit says 100-250V. Should work in Japan, but haven't tested it.

9004	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was pleased to find this device overlaps frequencies with the adjustable frequency Recoton I already owned. I didn't need to use the Advent transmitter and simply added the speaker to my existing system.

4028	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Pretty awesome for the price!
7234	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	pretty good! i wish they were cheaper tho!
8264	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sony makes the best VHS tapes for recording.  I have several of them and they never fail.  A+++++++
2401	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	lights up blue! has two usb ports. can't tell if it helps charge fast or not. but it charges.

- The clip clips at the top of the mic.
7477	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this purchase.  Gets the outlets where they are needed.
8232	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Who uses ZIP anyways? Well i found a few disks and it drove me nuts to find out whats on them so I bought this. It was all the pics with an ex...... now I have a ZIP drive sitting in a box and reminders of a broken heart.
8086	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got 5 of these cables in pink, since amazon was offering them as an add on item for a discounted price. I chose pink because it was less expensive than any other color by at least a dollar. So far they have been working perfectly, as most cables do.

3770	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
Renee (Rivki) Silverberg
2227	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
5987	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	my MBP started having problems with playing some movie DVDs (Netflix). Based on some other reviews here, I got this cleaning disk. The first attempt was moderately successful - the disk spun in some noisily fashion and got spat out; no tracks played... Tried the second time and this time it worked perfectly - iTunes was opened and all the tracks available. I went through Intro and Cleaning  track, skipped the tests - my drive works again.
* UPDATE:  Jan, 2014 -- Wow, so if this light wasn't great enough already, I just discovered it can also be a completely portable lamp.  I had a need for a bedside lamp recently, and didn't have my laptop, but did have one of those small portable battery charging units, you know, the kind you plug in, and charge up, and then can use it to recharge a cell phone when you're not near a power source...well, so the unit has a USB port of course, for where you'd plug in your cell phone or other device you're re-charging, so I plugged in the Mighty Bright, thinking, hey, this is a handy power source for it, and PRESTO, instant lamp!  Totally portable, and after a week of nightly use, the portable power pack I'm using has barely had any drain on its charge, so, just for folks to know, this Mighty Bright is more than just a laptop lamp -- if you have (or want to get) any portable charging unit, just add the Mighty Bright to it and it's a lamp on the go!  Ha, love this light!
357	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best value in wall mount and is of excellent quality. Have purchased many of these now, andd will only purchase these in furture.
838	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great so far in Go pro Hero 4
* all three have a built in dictionary, which I think is just awesome.

2439	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	happy
-library checkouts are easy
I actually think they design the tip of the connector to break because each one has stopped working properly where the wire connects to the 2.5mm plug.
9033	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and worth the price
2007	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The first rule of taking pictures is to read your camera manual and if you do so you will probably only retain about 1/4 of what is in there, so having a reference card to help you out is key.. however this product really has not helped me out once.  I've found that the quick guide that came with my camera is by far a better resource, and is smaller.

5012	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought the current Expodisc to replace an earlier model recently stolen. The old model seemed overpriced, but it was hand-made in a low volume production. Current models made by new owners are priced about 170% more than the old, for which you get a fancy box and a few instructions on a CD rather than on a peice of paper - big deal. However, the new models have a lens mounting arrangement which is much superior to the prior model and much more expensive to make. As to function, nothing really replaces an Expodisc if you need one for white balancing a color photo exposure. I use mine to shoot "grey" color negatives to automate traditional color printing. I have no experience as to whether they provide superior white balancing in digital systems as claimed, but logically they should do so. Unless you plan to be very exacting about color reproduction in your color printing, the excessive cost of an Expodisc versus the marginal benefit seems questionable. If you Photoshop your pictures to death, you will get no value from this item.
1761	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I throughly enjoyed this book. The characters were delightful and the onsite in family dynamics was so true to life. Starting on next book tonight.
893	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just wanted this for my Samsung Galaxy S5.  Works fine.  If you're like me and didn't care to research speed vs price vs cost per GB, just get it.
4690	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book "Take Me To A Circus Tent" and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write and or discuss various music supplies and recordings from the 60's and 70's.
6281	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Outside skin appears to be good.  Ends are solid and pretty well put together.  Color makes it distinguishable from other cables. Skin is obviously thin and would not work outdoors or exposed to weather.

2671	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have to admit that I was concerned about getting these for my husbands iPhone, since I have purchased cheap ones before and they didn't work or broke immediatly.
THE INSTRUCTIONS TOLD ME TO WIPE ON THE SIDE WITH NO PRINTING. I WAS ALWAYS WIPING ON TOP.
8533	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've ben using this cable through a wall and under the floor to connect a projector from a ceiling mount in my room. No problems at all. Good length for running around a small room.
4279	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Poor quality.  Don't be fooled, this cable is not made by Samsung, it just 'fits' Samsung Galaxy phones.  Watch out for if you have a case on the phone, sometimes the phone end of the connector will not fit as the case interferes or the plug interferes with the case.
2170	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great book light for several reasons. First, it's a bit smaller and lighter than other lights I've owned, much better for paperbacks. More importantly, though, is the light it gives off. It seems so much brighter than other book lights with more bulbs, and it seems to cast light in a wider area, allowing me to cover both pages at the same time. PLUS, I love that it is not rechargeable. I have another, much more expensive book light that I just threw away because I can't find the stupid charger. Honestly, does every piece of electronic equipment have to have its own, proprietary charger?? Thank god for good old-fashioned batteries that I can replace - and I'm sure they rarely need replacing.
9682	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No more messy writing on pretty boxes. Even if you have to put "BAD STUFF INSIDE!" on the container, the label doesn't have to look bad. Get the labeler and don't forget backup cartridges or it's BAD STUFF for you.
After the first chapter, our protagonist, Jack Nightingale,

58	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Roland Smith's account, one of life for a teenage English/American boy in Burma, is marketed as a story for youth. It is indeed an outstanding book for young readers; however, this tale is equally interesting for all ages. Just because the main character is a 14 year-old boy, that doesn't diminish the intrigue of this tale.
141	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works for me.
9205	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love it. A great product. Worth every dime with one big "but" that drops me to 4 stars.. The software and information provided is very bad.  Both incompete as well as hard to use.  The Audio Manager software  shipped with the Rio never did work fully for me. I tried on two different  machines.  There is no way to even understand some of the Rio500 features  from the material shipped, or from their web site. Although eMail questions  are answered in about 24 hours, after a week of ongoing frustration I  discovered MusicMatch. I tried Real Jukebox, but suggest downloading the  free version of MusicMatch software from MusicMatch.com to use for  downloading files and for ripping CDs for use with the Rio500.  I found it  to work intuitively and easly almost from the beginning.  You will also  need to down load the free plug in from MusicMatch to enable downloading to  the Rio device. After installing Jukebox, then go to the Jukebox tab on the  website, then to plugins. I will cheerfully upgrade MusicMatch and send  them my money even though the free version is fully functional and more  than satisfactory.
1496	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very good product overall.  Manipulation is somewhat clumbersome, but after use for a few hours, it is ok.  I understand that the new version (color) fixes these issues.  The display really does give the feel of paper.  Only negative is no backlighting for use in very low to no light conditions.

3110	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works perfect. The only thing is it is so small. lol. like I think I have seriously swallowed medications larger than this device. Good item. Would recomend to anyone.
5926	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great bang for the buck.
4549	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This adapter works well with my 1994 Corvette. The only issue that I have is the sound quality isn't great. Sometimes I can't hear the vocals of songs playing. It has held up very well with a lot of use though. I have had only one problem using my mp3 player with this adapter, it played the same song over and over again. It was fixed just by simple removing the internal gears and only leaving what was needed. Don't let that scare you away, it's a very simple process, just ask any search engine.
If you pay the Amazon price of $6.75 for the fifteen-pack you spend roughly 45 cents per tape and that's very inexpensive. The tapes allow you hours upon hours of listening enjoyment because you can record over them many times; and they take up very little room so they're easy to carry around with you.
7216	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Heavy, solid, robust and easy-to-use.
7779	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought four of these. The product has a nice weight to it so that it stays in place. Attractive appearance. Lets you know if your plug is properly grounded. Nice long sturdy cord.
The 3G option for the NOOK is a waste of money unless you want to buy books and magazines directly from Barnes & Noble, or if you want to try to use the NOOK as a tablet computer.  It really doesn't have the horsepower for that.

4367	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This cord won't stay plugged into my phone - any little movement knocks it out of the port, which is VERY inconvenient if you are driving on country roads and trying to play music through it! do not buy this, it is worth even less than you pay for it.
3359	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great

 e-wish list for books
1504	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I had read a fairly positive review of the Nook Simple Touch with the glowlight feature in PC World and thought it might be a good choice for a second ereader (I already have a Kindle) because of the capability of reading in situations where the light is less than ideal (like a tent).  Unfortunately, the glowlight was about the only thing that worked as advertised.  Navigating by touching the screen was extraordinarily frustrating as the damn thing often simply refused to respond.  In addition, the text was not particularly crisp and seemed to vary in intensity (darkness) on the page.  It also appears that, when powered up, the device will only return to the home page and not to the page of the book being read when turned off (a feature I appreciate in the Kindle).  All in all, a big disappointment.  I'm just hoping that the retail store from whom I bought the reader will take it back.
5615	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked like magic. Bought an 06 Lexus with a mark levinson 6CD changer - it played ok parked, but skipped pretty bad while driving. I ran the Allstop cleaner one time and the skipping completely stopped.
3300	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job, more memory.
933	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With the variety of MicroSD chips on the market, it can be rather mind boggling trying to sort through best one to buy. This one is competitively priced and works great in a GoPro Hero 4 Silver when recording at it's highest resolution/frame rate.
3197	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Connected to my router very easily and connected to Windows 7, 8 and Xubuntu 13.10 without any problems.
8899	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine just as it should
4642	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It kind of worked in the first two months, with the hissing sound. However, I was able to deal with it. Then after the two months it started to get worse, louder hissing sounds. But, I was able to still use it with this annoyance. Now, it just doesn't work even with adjusting the wire. It's a piece of garbage and the music won't even come through the car speakers anymore. I wish I had returned it in the first month! Don't buy this!
so i "called" amazon and got some customer service agent in india. remarkably, amazon customer service was better than i expected, and was able to resolve my missing item by sending a replacement.
4736	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good

9189	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Generally speaking, I love sony products... however, I have found that when they need to be repaired, they are never good for long.  Case in point was my purchase of this DVD player.  It broke after 3 months with a C:13 error.  I took it in, and they shipped it back to me 2 weeks later.  It then broke 1 1/2 months in the exact same way.  I took it in, and it was fixed for 6 months before breaking in the exact same way.  It was out of warranty this time, but because it had been defective so many times they fixed it.  Well, you guessed it.  Now it is broken again.

4897	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got this for the CD player in my car after another product turned out to be unsuitable for a slot-style player. It was easy to use except that the signal that was supposed to tell me it was done never happened. I really can't tell whether the lens is cleaner or not.
Styling:  Look good.  It is almost exactly the size of a cigarette box but the depth is about 3/4 less.  The clippable pouch that comes with it is okay but you need to undo the velcro tie to turn it on and completely pull it out to vary the volume.  The pouch is quite cushion-any and probably saved me when I dropped it.  It does feel and look durable.  The blue backlit screen looks attractive.  The mp3 file names scroll across the screen rather slowly but, again, a minor point.
5786	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This disc is extremely cheep,  the brushes are so small it fails to clean the CD player lens.  Save you money and don't waste you time.
3170	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have used this for more than one year with my basic HP LaserJet 1020. I print something every week or two. This device only prints about 1/2 of the time. I have been unable to figure out why. It is always visible on the network, but the print job is not accepted from the computer. The behavior is the same with various computers. Cycling power does not fix it. Also, it is always hot.
This means that you can dispense with the camera-to-computer cable and just plug the card into the slot.  When you do, it will be recognized as a removable disk, kind of like a Syquest or Zip disk, and show up in your "My Computer" view or Mac desktop, and maybe (this is how Nikon View works anyway) pop up your digicam software.
9391	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Very good text.  Backing is very easy to remove and stick labels on to stuff.
Courtesy of Hatchette Books Group.
6470	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	4 years use, and not issues. One gets new items plugged in weekly, and continues to work

7376	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
The sound quality on Type II Cassettes is great. The construction of the casing is far stronger than most cassettes. A 5-pack of 90 minutes cassettes hold's a large amount of music.  I'd recommend these to anyone who uses cassettes.
7513	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quality with a long cable
Installation:
8502	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Pros: low price, decent sound, unobtrusive, easy to set up.  Unlike some 3 or 5-piece systems, the PC Works bass unit is shielded, in case you ever need to put it close to your monitor.
- When you press the transmit button on the mic or the radio the microphone acts like a microphone.
7640	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked as expected
Con's
2922	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The product came quickly, but I mislead by the product description and the corresponding questions and answers. It does not work with my MacBook Air, but someone claimed it worked with ANY Mac, so that's incorrect.

265	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have been using a PC for years and since Christmas I have constantly been asking my husband questions about using my new MacBook Pro, so this book was perfect for me.  It is presented in a very simple, easy to understand format, and doesn't assume one is a computer geek, which is great for me.  I would have given it 5 stars, but I looked up something which was not covered in the book which seemed like a very basic subject, which was frustrating, so I gave the review 4 stars.  If you are starting out with a Mac or are not very computer savvy, I would recommend this book.  It is one I keep close by to my Mac.
I must admit I was a bit confused the last few chapters (then again, I was finishing it on a plane and very tired) but the ending was quite touching.
1616	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Whoo boy, can this guy write! I laughed. I cried. Well, I laughed, anyway, and kept turning the pages, devouring the words as I went. Christmas Eve Can Kill You is a clever, laugh-out-loud, edge-of-the-seat murder mystery, a first novel from a gifted Canadian author who writes with wicked humor, knife-edge intelligence, and a strong point of view that brings alive the culture and calamities of life above the border in the depressing Winnipeg winter.

There are many generic style and older slimport adapters for sale on amazon that are problematic, but after reading the reviews of this particular one and using it myself, I can vouch for it.
2802	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Died after 4 months.
Fourth, the true left-handedness of the case. The case can in fact be used by left handed people, but that causes a few issues. First off the back becomes the cover and now you have an upside down moleskine logo, plus the band is attached to the back so the sleek look is gone. Then my biggest complaint, the iPad is upside down when used in left handed mode so the home button is at the top. This also means the microphone is opposite the home button. So when the home button is at the top the microphone is pointed towards you. I use an app to record audio from meetings and take notes and when the iPad is faced the right direction this works flawlessly. When I use the Moleskine case in left handed mode the microphone faces me and in turn the audio is hard to hear as it is pointed away from the conversations.
I bought 3 packs of these so far and as long as I still have cables, I will slowly get more with each Amazon purchase :)
7575	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Such a long cord; perfect for what I wanted!
========================
5802	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works.  Price reasonable. What more can I ask
6371	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For the price, whats not to like? It works as well a more expensive ones and I haven't noticed any problems at all.

The new update was released the same day I received my Nook and I updated the firmware the second day I had it and it runs even more smoother. I have been a gadget man all my life but this is my first touch screen device. I had no problems what-so-ever navigating the menus and the menus changed fast enough for me.
It has an external speaker/microphone connector and this radio may be used as a handheld CB using the battery cartridges it brings. With 4 watts of output power, a good antenna and good propagation conditions you could even talk to europe for free.

1818	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the best books I have ever read. I laughed and cried...It keeps you glued to it! Thank you for sharing.
2285	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great merchandise
Also, I like the type of ties that you can wrap first around the cable (so you don't lose the tie) and then around the bundle.

1807	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Oh what a story. I was hooked from the beginning. This story had be tearing up, laughing and in shock. I loved it. The characters are full of that pull you in and  love them. Great work!

351	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Standard wall mount. As expected and worked well for my application. No complaints.
6444	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Easy Transaction... Item As Described... Fast Delivery... Recommend Highly

7503	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality surge protector.  It has the length to navigate behind walls and fixtures;


I looked at a pretty broad set of cameras, including the other ELPH cameras, before selecting this one because I liked the zoon range and the size of the camera.  I was pleasantly impressed by surprisingly good picture quality, and my wife can testify to its extreme ease of use.  This ELPH is all about size, convenience, and simplicity.  If that's what you want then buy it.
**International Buyers**
Frankly, the big box stores should be ashamed that they mark up items like this so much. The real quality and bargains are found online, with items like this one.
Cons: Won't play track 3 (when it's asked to) on a brand new CD/radio player boombox, which is a Magnovox I bought brand new a couple months ago.
417	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Had no issues mounting this and attaching the TV to it.
Requires mostly manual network setup and is VERY limited in its capabilities. Most functions of a networked printer will not be available to you after setup. You have been warned.
2150	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	really nice book light ! I love how it clips on or stands up.
Amazon's 2005 product description indicates 1260 joules protection - 2010 model has 520 joules @ 330 clamping volts.
I received this item for free or at a discount in exchange for an honest review
no bluetooth, which to me didn't matter, but it seems to be an issue for some people. There IS bluetooth, but it's disabled and there isn't a way to enable it
2373	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great one!! Loved it . Thanks!
--UPDATE 12/9/2010--
4698	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	clear and long lasting
2. Great storage. The Nook Tablet has 16 GB built in, and the memory is expandable up to 32 GB via a MicroSD[HC] Card. Content stored on card runs pretty fast for a Tablet.
4255	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, no problems.
8766	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Why have this over a laptop? For one, my laptop runs Windows NT so a 10-15 minute reboot to change batteries is simply pathetic. Also, I've tried four different software DVD players for PCs and every one has been unstable and  choppy. The L50 is a great player and is the perfect size for sitting on my  knee for an 8 hour flight. When my meal comes, there's still room on my  tray table for the player. Try and do that with a laptop. The way I see it,  if your laptop has a DVD player you can probably make do with it. I wanted  a real portable player that worked better than every PC DVD player I've  used and I sure found it in the L50.

605	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Easy to install, works perfectly on a 40" Westinghouse LCD!  Includes all hardware required for almost any application.  Highly recommended!
7848	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice wire but very slow shipping
The only piece missing is the ability to adjust it up and down. You can adjust the Arm left, right, in and out, and so on, you can even adjust the tilt of the monitor, but if you need to be able to move the monitor up and down, this is not the arm for you.
Honestly, this isn't even the type of book I'd normally enjoy, I'm usually more about Fantasy and Sci-Fi, so this was quite refreshing and I'd definitely recommend it.

5828	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Appears to be good quality cable.  It is installed and working perfectly.
Add the book loan feature, free library books, and the ability to take it to a B&N store for bonus features, and this unit pretty much stomps the Kindle and Sony readers.
5249	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is very large but does have pretty good sound and reception, I live in an area where some people cannot get half of what I get on this unit....buy again because of performance...yes.....buy again .... maybe not because of size being so large....
--- I guess for the price I was expecting something cheaper but I was quite surprised. It was easy to install and works for what I need it for - it may be over kill for a 22 inch LED LCD TV but I like the way it can be moved around.

5703	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This CD has been around a LONG time and is tried and true for basic cleaning or maintenance. It works great IF your device is not heavily contaminated with dust and debris and is a must have for routine care.
7245	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	exactly what I needed
2392	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great deal
As mentioned, the only potential drawback has to do with the writing style. However, I am confident that most people will like it or at least be OK with it, and therefore will have a very good time with Lewis' work.
7103	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Belkin USB Extension Cable is just what I needed. I recently bought a little SanDisk to move stuff from my PC to my IMAC. I couldn't reach the USB port on the PC without getting down on the floor and turning the thing around. Now that I have the Belkin USB Extension Cable, I just keep it plugged into the back of the PC with the other end taped to the top of my desk. When I need to transfer files, I just have to plug the little portable disk into the USB Extension Cable which now sits right next to the PC monitor. Works for me.

While I can use the NOOK several hours a day for several days between charges, an hour or two a day of charging keeps it charged.  The NOOK Color has a much shorter battery life, as well as being heavier.
4536	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So I just got an iPod 4GB from Amazon and was dying to play it in my ride. Unintentioanlly I saw this in a friend's car and I did some research and a week later it's in my hands. Well, I have to say this is an impressive tape adaptor. The sound quality is just as good as playing a CD and the stereo in my car reads it smoothly. On top of that, it's inexpensive!

Not-so-strong points:
-no sync detector. Hay,what do 'ya want for that price ?
In short--great product once you get the songs loaded, but reaching that point is frustrating at times.
3393	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well
1628	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	If I owned a Chrome Book computer this would be a very helpful resource. I had hoped there would be instructions about installing Chrome (Chromium) on my Windows PC but...nope. Time to do a web search.

At the minus end of the scale is the tuning scale itself.  The  aforementioned station at 640 kHz appears between the 650 and 700 markings  (675 kHz?).  If you do a lot of station hopping, keeping a station list  with each's position on the 1-to-10 "log scale" above the AM and  FM scales might be a good idea.  Made in China and imported by Thomson  Consumer Electronics, the Superadio III has a less-than-substantial feel to  its construction and controls.  Better-built radios DO come out of China  (can you say "Grundig"?) but they also cost accordingly.
Critical bolt attachment for the mount from the TV to the articulation arm does not get tight!  This is amazing. It is not stripped but it does will not stay tight even from the first use.  This makes the product unsafe.
I haven't discarded my film camera yet, but I'm taking  far fewer film pictures.  This camera is amazing techology.  Even with  better CCD sensors in the future, I don't see this camera being dated soon.  Its high-res picture quality is amazing.  The controls can be a bit  confusing at first, but you can do just about anything with this camera  that you can with a film 35mm.
I've seen E-Ink products for a while.  I remember when the technology was first introduced and how it was going to revolutionize the world. Yeah, whatever.  E-Ink and a perpetual motion machine and we'd be all set.  I think it was Sony that first introduced a viable product.  Good but those screens - egads!  Well, let me say that times have changed.  The current crop of E-ink technology is pretty amazing.  Not perfect but amazing non the less.  I was able to put my hands on the Nook and was very much impressed.  first off, it's light, VERY light.  The E-Ink looks great and the backlight is perfect.  Lots of little features pushed me over the edge such as WiFi for purchases and downloads and a touch screen for a myriad of uses.  As soon as I had my own Nook in hand I down three books on my list.  Wow, it was great!  It goes everywhere with me and when I'm reading, I'M READING.  No distractions.  If I want distractions I'll leave my phone close by.  It really is an amazing device that harkens back to my original Rocket E-book reader - but better.  I love being able to change pages by just touching the side of the screen.  Battery life is amazing assuming I'm not leaving the backlight on all the time and even then it's not too shabby.  I find sometimes I like to turn on the backlight even during the day instead of turning on a lamp.
Maybe I am easily amused, but this concept of simply plugging a little 3.0"W-x-4.0"H-x-1.75"D plastic adapter into my wall outlet to connect an Internet-enabled device located anywhere in my house, without requiring wireless connectivity, made me initially think, "Wow, what will they think of next!"  Devices like these just add to my hope of a "Wi-Fi everywhere" world where I can always connect to the Internet regardless of where I am.
1369	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works  great

The writing was solid, easy to breeze through. Sadly though the characters felt one dimensional, the story line was interesting enough I could look past the flat character development, but it certainly didn't make this a read again.

9039	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A
7098	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love it! Thank you!
3328	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect.  Fast.
8631	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great even on the mountain
1614	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Predators of Darkness is my first exposure to Leonard D. Hilley II.  I don't know Mr. Hiley, but I want readers to know what a special person he is.  He discovered that I am a retired Marine and sent me all 3 of his books and gave me permission to forward them to military veterans free of charge.
1730	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great!
As far  as not using it on an airplane- I disagree.  I beleive the line goes-  "Portable electronic devices may now be used with the expection of  cellular phones and pagers..."  Most all laptops have cd-roms and they  have not been the cause of any plane crashes to date.
4161	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Using the memory card in my Nokia C3. Holding some favorite traveling tunes and photos of friends for calling retrieval. I  have not had any problems with the card
3913	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable is 10 feet long and at that length I doubt you'd need anything longer.

I recommend this 100%, but remember it MAY NOT fix a problematic disc player, though it may fix it.  I am still shocked that my old Sony is apparently (for now) working 100% again.  I have a few other disc and DVD players, and will use this (buying another as needed) regularly to keep my products running at their best.
Make no mistake, you do not get the flexibility (shutter speed, apeture, optional lenses, external flashes, white balance) that SLRs and more expensive camera can offer, but what you do get is not much bigger than a pack of cigarettes (that's not politically correct, is it?).
7544	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is exactly as I expected and as described. Simple to install. Sturdy "module" attachment via included Super Glue.  Cable is long enough for three items.  I ran mine through a large eye-screw in the wall to keep the systems from going anyplace.
3408	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've used this card for the past 6 months and have had no problems. It's very quick to read ad write from my Galaxy S4. Would recommend.
3763	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works well. Satisfied with purchase.
2304	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Its very cute to look at but comes apart, not something you want to carry around, would be very easy to lose it since it won't stay together.
1129	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good reader for price and specifications
Hamilton Hollins asks his son to run an errand for him.  While Rye is doing that, he sets out to visit Tory.  They get along great and are talking when Rye comes  home, his errand having been completed.  Tammy soon angrily follows.  She is angry at Rye for going to her husbands office and punching him.  When she turns to her Father for backup, she finds it was he who sent Rye to confront Sterling about his cheating on Tammy and sending a message that he is to stop now.  What they don't know is they have made Tammys situation much harder since Sterling also hits Tammy.  They adjourn to the main house for dinner and afterwards, Sterling appears having been invited by their Mother.  Hamilton tells Sterling he is not welcome here; but that they need to talk.  Tammy, Hamilton, Rye, and Sterling adjourn to the study.  Here, after being arrogant and saying some things about Tammy, Sterling says he will divorce Tammy for a million dollars.  Rye offers the money, Hamilton draws up the divorce papers as well as papers for complete custody of the children and Sterling who really didn't expect his price to be met, eagerly signs the papers.  Tammy is stunned but happy.
8549	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent price! I have had no problem with this item: it is working just fine.  I actually bought several; you can't beat the price.
5303	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I only use Superadio III for FM.
6175	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly


7658	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great experience.  As expected.
5888	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality at a great price.
4853	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It did not work, tried it several times. I tried to get a refund, unfortunately there are no refunds.
9377	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I mean its tape. It works. Smooth print. P-touch quality. and real tape.
4874	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use tapes over and over. Maxell has been the best so far, use to use TDK but they failed way to soon. I have a Maxell standard I've used 25 times. I tape a lot of stuff Maxell high grade is superior to thier Maxell standard,  for movies you want to save, Maxell high grade will do the job.
4294	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As advertised.
Still gets 1* for:

6013	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	please
8696	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Used for a long road trip with 2 Cars. The Cord lenth isn't horrible, it was ok for my use but I agree... it could be longer. Overall for the 13 bucks I paid for a used one was worth it.
so simple to transfer books from my computer, or purchase books via WIFI at B&N or at home, or even borrow from my local library online!

4036	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	No issues. I accidentally bent the head and broke it after the warranty was up. Emailed them and they said to send it back anyway and they would send a new one, awesome except I sent it to them and they never sent me the replacement :(
3737	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great for connecting your camera to your TV with HDMI connection.!!!!!
6253	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GOOD
We've found through a few years of experience that the 1/2" is superior in longevity to the smaller width tapes for labeling these plastic bins -- little to know spontaneous peel-off that you get with a smaller width tape.
7172	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this product to connect to my directv receiver which has a caller id feature.  Some of these devices similar to teh RC930 that I looked at doesn't support caller id and were not well documented that they didn't.  The RCA930 clearly states that it does and it works!
I was looking to buy a HTPC or setup a small itx box for running XBMC/TVMC/Kodi on my non-smart Plasma TV, but realized I had a Nexus 5 with a broken screen that was still functional.  Instead of spending a lot of money on an HTPC box, I decided to try out this slimport adapter with my Nexus phone paired with the TVMC Kodi app to stream movies.  I'm happy to say I've found the perfect solution for my needs.
3886	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great quality!
The only drawback to this product is the scope of its use.  If you like being able to sit anywhere in your home and use your laptop (like I do) then this will now wow you.  After all, you would have to keep plugging and unplugging wherever you sit.  However, if you use internet on your TV (for netflix, etc), this will boost your signal.  This is also great for buildings where a wi-fi signal may have difficulty reaching your workstations.
8347	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The Casio PZ4000B personal CD player features a 40-second antishock memory, so you can enjoy your favorite  CDs during any activity. Bass boost cranks up the low end with just the push of a button, and the 20-track  programmable memory lets you customize CD playback to your liking. The player also features repeat play  functions (1/all) and a two-digit LCD screen. If you are on the move like me, you should invest the extra money, and buy a player with an anti skip feature, like this one.  As well, the Ultra slim feature of this product makes it handy to even carry in a large pocket, if you are walking down the street with a jacket or even pants with larger pockets.  It is a very attractive player, and the car kit is a definite bonus. The one downer about the product is the chinsy headphones that comes with it.  Casio always seems to have headphones that I could get for free on an airplane.  Koss has the upper hand in this department. But alas, I still give it 4 stars, because I have always had great success with Casio products, and this machine has so many excellent features.  I would DEFINATELY recommend this product, it has served me well!  Hope this review was helpful!  Like Neil Young says, keep on rockin' it the free world...peace.


8309	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good disks, the 5 colors make fileing data easy, and the box is quite handy too. Their cheap, preformatted, and come with all the neccesary labels. If I got a complaint, its that amazon doesnt specify the disks memory size -it's 1.44mb-
8361	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These speakers stunned me. When my tiny "came with the PC" speakers died, I looked into getting some similar little speakers, but then realized that I could spend just a few dollars more for this three speaker set.
3303	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good and the price was very good also.
9327	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
5759	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good deal
9778	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A good deal
8765	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had my Sony 530d about a month and never saw the dreaded "lip sync" problem til I rented "Blair Witch Project". I thought  it might be the dvd til it showed up while I was watching "Tomorrow  Never Dies". When it happens I just hit stop and play and rest of  movie works fine. Annoying, but the awesome picture and sound makes it  worth it!

5337	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you want solid, well constructed cable that you are never going to have to think about again then Belkin is for you.  I've never had one problem.
This tape adheres readily; the print is nicely defined and has a high contrast.  The tape can be slightly difficult to handle.  Overall, this tape is very useful in a variety of applications and one of my two favorite label maker tapes.
9008	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	And look for another wireless speaker, because unless you are overwhelmed and enraptured by the audio quality delivered by a "Close and Play" or an eight track, you will be disappointed.  And this is shocking, because usually ADVENT MAKES GREAT SPEAKERS.
5422	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Another good one
I do suggest getting extra memory (I have 32 megs) and one of  those USB memory card readers, its a lot faster than a serial port.
It works marvelously in conjunction with shorter cables.  I had a six-inch-long A to Mini B cable, which worked very well.  I also had a 3-foot cable of the same kind, so I tried that--but the cable did not let the signal go through.  There is a label on one end of the cable: "Caution-do not exceed ten feet of total cable distance on low-speed device or sixteen feet on high speed devices."  This was USB 2.0 hard drive--a high speed device.  Sixteen feet was maximum length allowed, and this cable itself is 10 feet long, so any moderately long cable is going to strain the signal that tries to go to and from the device.
9403	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love my P-touch.  It's been going strong for more than 10 years now.  The refills are a little pricey, but they last a good long time.
2117	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had of these book lights for years and its great. Bright. Battery lasts a long time. Easy to clip to book and position of the light. The light will illuminate the whole page on paperback and medium size books, but on larger book you might nee to move it around some.
1867	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have sent this back to the seller, it was not what I expected, I was not sure if this case would hold the Nook as the clips were very tight against the nook.  the clasp was not very good. Not what I expected but then I didn't pay all that much for it, will look for something sturdier.  The seller was on time nothing against the seller.
In order for Taylor to survive in this environment she enlists the help of Iris' sixteen year old daughter Quinn. Irritated to no end Quinn nevertheless takes on the challenge and begins texting Taylor "rules" to get ahead in the cut throat world of the movie business and amazingly enough her tips are working! That is until Quinn's next rule is to steal Kylie's boyfriend. Torn between doing the right thing and securing her real dream job Taylor has some tough decisions to make.
9086	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Did a good job.  My picture wasn't really that bad...more of a maintenance item.


Forget checking email, listening to audio or constant distractions. This ereader is purely a reading machine. The text is clearer than a laser printed page and the capacity of 32GB micro SD card means accessibility to 10,000's of books.
The Kindle itself is held in place by half-inch wide black elastic bands at each corner.  The bands are tight and double-stitched.  I fumbled a little while putting my Kindle under the bands, but once there, it's held securely with no play.
1718	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The iClicker+ works well, even though my class only requires the simple "iClicker." No frequency changes were needed. Good product.
-nice case
I then tried to use the AC adapter coupled with the USB hub, still nothing.
9003	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Overall I am satisfied with this purchase.  For the first hour or so, I was extremely frustrated with this product.  I tried changing the frequency, the volume of the transmitting speaker, and the location of the wireless speaker a few times, with no luck, no sound.  After some fiddling it would transmit sound for about one second and then go silent.  It finally sounded like it had blown.  It got very loud, very staticky (sp?), and then went silent.  The power light turned on and off.  It did this about three times.  I was about to give up.  I gave it one more go, and it worked!!!  I kept the frequency, and even moved the speaker a couple of times to see how it would operate.  It is still working.  It is not a high end speaker, but for the price, and what I am using it for.  I am very pleased.  It does what I bought it for.
There isn't much to say about a cable tie, but for that extra nudge to get free shipping, these are a must!
3439	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With so many types of memory disks, I held my breath until I inserted it into my Ellipsis 7 tablet. It recognized it immediately and raised the internal memory by 32 GB.

5897	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had my doubts, as I've gotten a few duds of this type in the past, but this one seems to work exactly the way the manufacturer claims it should.
5732	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived quickly and is a pretty blue color.  Seems to work fine at a reasonable price.
Here are the problems with the whole Nook thing.
After x amount of days...when the checkout time expires, the file disables itself and you either get another book from the library or re check-in/check-out the same one for another x days.



3976	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Heavy duty, great quality cord. Transfers full 1080p without any problems. Also a great price. It's perfect for connecting things in a different room. I use it to connect my Xbox and computer to a projector in another room.
5178	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is only the 2nd item I have returned in 6-8 yrs of buying on Amazon. It just doesn't work well enough to keep.
> To restart, press the "ON/OFF/PLAY/PAUSE" button.
8966	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Belkin is a classy company indeed. I am frequently plugging and unplugging my laptop from this cable and the tab that keeps the wire in the R-45 jack broke off after about 6 months of heavy use. Went to their website, put a claim in and they mailed me out a new one the next day, no questions asked. Sweet.

Nightingale learns that there is a lot about his past, and his life that was different from what he knew growing up. This well written story was riveting, and had equal parts paranormal and police procedural. Nightingale is a flawed human being with his heart in the right place. he is helped by a secretary, who though young and attractive, is ultimately overqualified for the position she works. Why does she work for me, Nightingale wonders on more than one occasion. Their relationship in this book is one of the more interesting elements of the story. Whether it will evolve into a romance is uncertain, though it is clear they both have feelings for each other. He is also helped by a cop buddy friend from his former life.

Lam visits Dona Grafton, who minded Cameron's crow when Cameron left the country (Chapter 11). An anonymous donor sent Dona a box of chocolates. Lam inspects the crow's nest. Lam learns that Robert Hockley was getting a passport and decides to follow him (Chapter 12). The police bring Lam to Sharples' residence. His office is disordered as from a struggle, and Sharples is missing (Chapter 15). Lam meets George Prenter on the airplane, and hears of the wonderful life and climate in Medellin Colombia (Chapter 16). A visitor surprises Lam and we learn the true facts behind the earlier events (Chapter 17). Lam learns that someone else has been killed (Chapter 19).
So I wanted a eInk that I could read at night, with as little light as possible to not disturb, without a reading light.  I had been looking at the Glow and then the Paperwhite for a while and finally decided to buy the Kindle.  Most reviews has it as the winner.  CNET was very close but Kindle still won for mainly versatility in products and screen.  So ordered the Paperwhite for me and a friend, we would order a second if both of us liked it.  She tried it out first and said that it just wasn't responsive enough, didn't turn pages fast enough, and everything took too long.  I think that the actually product was faulty there though because going to setting was like being on dial up Internet, slow as sin.  Still, I would have sent it back for a replacement except that when I got it and used it for about a week (I didn't have page turning issues as I don't read as fast), I found that reading it at night was NOT what I hoped for.  First it had four prominent half moon dark spots at the bottom of the screen.  I might have been able to get over that just as I have the light bleed at the top of the Nook Glow, except that the screen throughout is not uniformly lighted, especially at the lowest settings.  Since I am using this in a completely dark room, I only care about the lowest settings.  The non-uniformity of the screen was the breaking point.  I never got used to it.
5373	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love to walk, talk and do things while I'm on the phone, and this does the deal!!!

5666	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product that does the job well.
-Looks professional. This is one of the best looking cases I have seen.
7199	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a good USB cable.  It is compatible with both USB 1.0 and 2.0 ports.  It is long enough to give great flexibility with arraging whatever it needs to be connected to.  The price is extremely good (even though amazon.com changes it every now and then) for this cable.  It is way more expensive in stores.  And getting a Belkin product for such a low price is excellent.  This is totally worth the money, and is a great buy if you need a USB cable.
5878	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfectly
6474	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Be advised that this product is not equivalent to the original MS game port to USB device. Do not purchase if you cannot adapt it. A blog exists describing the procedure. Search for MS precision etc.
Devils and demons, witchcraft and death spiral around the main character, Jack Nightingale.  The story is rich and compelling as it follows Jacks introduction to the occult and his growing knowledge of his own cursed soul.  The rich storytelling and intrigue have me hooked and Im looking forward to the next novels in the series.
I'd recommend it. Went from a dual monitors at 1920x1080 (24 inch) to this beast.  Night and day.  I can have two documents up side by side with room to spare (my girl reviews allot of documents, and she was liking this hunking thing too).  It is a "Large" monitor (comparable to a 30 inch TV).
1044	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great item for the Note II, I love this item. it works like a charm, no config required. great pricing also.
2260	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought these for my car for the kids and the cord is a little shorter than other headphones we've used.

Summary: Works great. Cheap, but cheaper options available.

2708	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I verified the DB9F to DB9F crossover connections to be

8476	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This radio is easy to use, and sounds great.  Coverage of the shortwave spectrum is very good.  You also get sideband tuning, which you'll need if you want to hear HAM radio operators.  Off the built in telescoping antenna I get more strong stations than I have time to listen to.  With the supplied aux. antenna, reception is noticably improved.  It comes with ear-bud headphones, AC adapter and the aux antenna.  It also has AM and FM reception.  FM is stereo with the headphones, and is very good quality.  It has 2 built in clocks (believe me, you WANT that!!) 40 memories, and doubles as a clock radio small enough to use when traveling.  This could be considered an entry level radio, but it is sensetive enough that you won't "out grow" it for a very long time.
1 GB built in RAM for smooth, fast video.
The mobile feature is great if you have a magnetic antenna to go on your vehicle. You'll use the mobile adapter and plug the radio into the cigarette lighter plug powering the unit (but not charging it). The external antenna plugs into the same mobile adapter unit and bam! You've got a very capable mobile CB unit.
7353	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	again and again i find stuff on amazon for far cheaper then in store. We have best buy where i live and have to go there for parts. They are so overpriced that i have stopped going there and am more then happy to wait for belivery. I am a pc gamer and play on a 55" in my living room. I had been using wireless keyboards but they always were haveing range or interference problems so i bought this cord. More then enuff length for me to use my keyboard anywhere in my living room.
7778	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the only one of my many surge protectors that has a 16 foot cord and I find that to be so useful.  I have had it for over a year and it is my favorite not only because of the cord length but also the compact size which is nicely balanced and able to easily accommodate six uniquely sized charger plugs.  I like this Kensington model so much that I have just purchased another as a gift.
1696	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	In the beginning it was fun to read but the main character was so unlikeable after 30% i could not stand it anymore.  The banter was fun in the beginning but then i found myself skipping more than i was reading.

4210	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got the Kingston 4GB microSDHC. I have the Nokia E63 phone. It works. No problems at all. I can transfer files easily now. Works when I transfer between my Gateway PC running Windows Vista and also my ASUS EEE PC 1000H netbook to/from my Nokia E63.  The only thing I'm mad about is the fact that it is sometimes cheaper on Amazon than what I bought it for ($11.57).

7660	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The plastic sheath came undone from either end, although it still works.
6726	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Needed these and though I wish they could have been in some kind of packet dispenser, the wipes themselves are great and I keep some in a sandwich bag.
3. Pages take an insanely long time (upwards of 3 minutes at times) when paging at the end of chapters most especially in PDF converted docs...wouldn't it be smart to cache the next couple pages ahead of time?

3140	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I can't say anything bad about this unit. My Linux laptop wouldn't recognize it so it's not the unit. I have it to my son and it worried great for him and his setup.
9688	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GREAT RIBBON. GOOD PRICE. FAST SHIPPING.
7879	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it is meant to. Currently plugged into my PS3; works perfectly.
5237	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've owned a GE SUPERADIO since 1985. Works great. Sounds Fantastic. Pulls in stations from great distance.  Seems bulletproof. I especially enjoy the Old School knobs and dials. They are no- brainers. Spin the dial, turn it up. Done. No digging into digital layers.
2199	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine. Reasonable price. The clip is pretty bulky and could definitely be a little smaller.
1444	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Months later, I am still happy with this Tablet, but you should know 2 things. One is, you'll get it for $224 if you're a B&N member.  Also, if you go online, often they have a deal such that if you buy a year's subscription to the NY Times, they reduce the price of the Tablet.  To get the member's discount, you're better off going to a B&N store.  BUT THE BIG THING is, if you already own Kindle books, Barnes and Noble stupidly don't provide a Kindle app, HOWEVER, you can buy the cheapest n2a card, either on Amazon or on n2a.com.  This allows you to boot your Tablet up as a full Android tablet (like the $500 ones), and you can get the Kindle app on that.  There's no problem accessing your Kindle books on the Nook.  Since, as noted below, the Nook eReader is beautifully designed, much better in my opinion than any Kindle, so I use my n2a card only when I'm reading a Kindle book.  I find B%N and Amazon charge about the same for books. There are some books on Nook that Kindle doesn't have, and some on Kindle that Nook doesn't have.  However, only Nook has the Page Perfect editions and the Enhanced editions of books with embedded video, audio clips, and animations.
8623	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Highly recommend this
It is simple to use, very friendly and there is an incredible book selection for the Nook.  i happen to be a big fan of classic literature and Russian literature and I have had no trouble filling up my library.  Storage capacity is quite large and i have an additional micro SD card just in case, but I am no where near filling up my storage yet.
4700	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Niftalicious!!!
6465	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A good quality cable at an affordable price. It has worked well for me and I would purchase additional cables of this brand.
4371	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Using the cable from day 1 once i got it, Galaxy S captivate charging just fine :). I am using it from the USB port of keyboard and wall socket. Both works fine.
I suggest going to TP-Link com and reading the download User Guide before buying/installing as well as the quick guide.  Then you should be up and running in less than 15 minutes.
'My Computer'; 'Properties'; 'System Devices'; 'Device Manager';

7606	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	:)
1478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I selected the black and white NOOK over the Kindle because I can download books from public libraries to my laptop and copy them to the NOOK.  We travel full time in our RV, and I have library cards in three states.  I can always find books I want to read from the libraries.  I haven't bought a book since I bought the NOOK four months ago.

I used these instructions:
547	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	seems like a bit flimsy for the larger models

o The software from  Diamond or from Audible to program the Rio is truly horrid, the worst  software I've seen in many years.  It crashes so frequently that you will  be pulling your hair out.
3287	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It does not work .it will not format it say this is corrupted.
1835	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Well one thing is for sure, don't read this if you are hungry. *smiley face* Rye walks into a diner and leaves with the cook. Literally. She needs the money and he needs home cooking. It works right? Well..maybe not so much.

2741	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm using it right now on my Lenovo Thinkpad 410.  It works great and I don't notice I'm using it on top of the regular keyboard.

2855	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fit perfectly in a Dell Latitude E6430.
4888	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
8703	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I just received these tapes and theyare made in Thailand and not Mexico as the web image displays. I have noted that these Thailand tapes are NOT the same quality as the ones made in Mexico, so I am returning these!
9963	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great on motorcycle
It is not a computer and can not be connected to TV. only one or two of my children can use it in the same time. We still have to use computers when we want to enjoy movies or photos together.
4058	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	been a good choicw
So that's my review - it's decent hardware hamstrung by a few bugs and tight fisted control over content.  Some will argue that it's not meant to be a tablet, it's meant to be an e-reader, but let's be honest - it's marketed as a tablet; it's called the Nook TABLET.  It doesn't have to be an iPad, but it should work a lot better than it does at being a tablet.
8782	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works Great!
6301	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The camera I set up for my desktop, had a really short cord. It wasn't long enough to plug it in, and set the cam on top of the monitor. This gives plenty of room to comfortably wrap it behind the table and the desktop, with no cords in sight.
5059	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Notice this unit was introduced two and a half years ago and still going strong which indicates to me people really like it and it holds up well.  I've had mine about six months.  It's got everything a radio should have and nothing it doesn't need, except maybe the digital clock.  The knob on the right top is volume.  The rest of the controls are push buttons on the top that include five presets for each of three bands.  The buttons are under a protective rubber cover so no need to worry about humidity or splashes.  It has an 18" antenna with a little suction cup at the end so you can hook it on a mirror.  And it has a loop of twine on the back for carrying it around or for hanging it on a coat hook or something similar.
8519	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	gets the job done
none of my technical books in pdf format i was able to read due to pdf reader rendering formulas all over the screen with middle-size font.
8176	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does what it's supposed to do and it does it well. Fits perfectly and the casing is high quality.
1620	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I enjoy Mike Hockney's engaging writing style and his adept information sharing. This book is a part of a very interesting series, which I strongly encourage people to read.
I can't really say that the speaker is useful for those who want to hear music but those folks are better off with the YB400PE, the larger cousin of this unit, or even Sony ICF-SW7600G.  No single-sideband is available but if you're serious about something like that you won't be buying a radio at this price, anyway.

6129	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is 100ft long, and measures correctly.  I lose them a lot, so the low cost was a factor.
I'm amazed at  how much faster, and less of a hassle to install, this one has been. The  portability has also come in handy, as has the ease with which I can switch  this from my desktop to my laptop and back again. Wish I'd bought it a long  time ago.
5893	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	WORKS GOODTHE BEST I  HAVE USED  DOES THE JOB WELL  A A A A a a a a a a a
1512	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't work with PDF files created by my scanner. The Kindle, iPod and the Kobo do, as well as every other PDF reader I've tried. This, of course, makes it worthless.
6118	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yes, it is 6 feet long, and works.  It extends a USB device cable so that it can reach your computer or USB hub.  Not much else this thing can do.  I like the gray!


8648	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Although the latest FRS radios are quite small, the problem is that you still have to pull them out of a pocket to use them.  Until someone makes one that you can clip to your jacket lapel, this is going to be the best/easiest/most effective way to use your walkies.  This has a very aggressive metal clip - I partially unzip a chest pocket and clip there.  I was looking at some of the 3rd party ones, but settled on the Motorola - it's not much more ($20 shipped) and I know I can trust it.
72	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love these Jim Knighthorse. It was a good deal for 2 great books. I worthwhile read for all readers.
2266	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Got these for my daughter and they don't fit her head at all and keep falling off. Very CHEAP. returning them
6407	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a well built cable and is priced at a reasonable price.  Some cables have ends that are really cheap and will break apart or show the wires after a few plug-ins or moving of the device it's plugged into.  These seem to be well put together and Belkin is a quality company IMHO.  I've used a number of their products over the years and always been happy with them.
7156	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Used this for all of about 5 minutes.  Couldn't connect at all.  Gave one star only because I couldn't give 0.
Rye is soon reconciled with his sisters, Tammy to a lesser extent than Ameila Ann.  However, Tammy is more like their Mother than Ameila Ann is.  Tammy is married to a stuffy lawyer and has two perfect children and a perfectly spotless house.  She has conformed to the perfect wife and mother that her own Mother did.  However, she does what is expected and greets Rye and Tory nicely.  Tory and Rye quickly see that Annabelle and Rory are not happy but are definitely perfect children.  Tammy and the kids soon come around, Annabelle more than the rest.  Rory is especially standoffish to everyone.  Amelia Ann asks Rye for help talking to her Father about going to Vanderbilt and becoming a lawyer. She does not want to follow in Tammys steps and be a society wife.
5322	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This radio compares favorably to my two CCRadios....It has a slide rule tuning system, and you can more accurately tune into a specific station. At night, the selectivity switch really shines, as you can tune in distant stations easily, or eliminate the interference...It is a different radio, and I like both this one and the CCRadios....For the money, unbeatable.  The tuning dial is not at all accurate, but that is no big deal, once you know where the stations are that you want to tune in....I also like the advertised battery life, although I have not tested the longevity of the batteries yet.
1611	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A missle attack in Pittsburg in 2073 causes the surviving students and scientists to fight for survival in a fallout shelter of Helmsby's Research Center.

1435	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Look folks this is not a $400 IPAD or Samsung.  If you want a wizbang then you don't want the Nook HD.  For me it fit all my needs without needing a loan to buy one.  I ordered my direct from B & N for $179.00.  It came pre registered in my wifes account who has the nook color.  It is very easy to create your own profile and not see all the junk your spouse has but, at the same time can pick what you want that they have.  No need to repurchase what they already have.
5225	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you love a place, you accept it warts and all.
9130	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work well
Now I need to find out how to use it. The touch screen needs some time to become acquainted with this type of keyboard.
778	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great little card. Great storage and fast shipping
1319	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	.
 The sound is pretty good. I enjoy using them.
Many users were lucky to get the ones that work (touch scree sensitivity seems to be the key here), I was not and don't want to try my luck with it again.
2011	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, gives me the exact light I need.
762	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I got this item a while ago and at first it worked great. Sound and video come through very well and it was just plug and go for my LG G3. Lately though, it does not work too well. I believe it is not getting a very good connection and will cut out. Then I have to go over to my phone and wiggle the wire until it comes back on. This gets it to work but I have to not move the wire while I set my phone back down or it'll cut out again. Sometimes it does it so much and I can not find the sweet spot that I just stop trying to watch anything. It could be great but mine just isn't working. I have no problems with anything else that I plug into my phone so it is definitely the wire and not my phone.

9308	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I can finally play my Dreamcast on a clear screen.  These cables are not rinky dink like some reviewers have noted, they may have gotten a different brand, but these ones are pretty heavy duty.  The S-video seems to be working fine.  I recommend them for all retro-gamers.
7760	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	pricey but works well. I find Kensington's lower price power surge devices have worked just as well.
5478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
6007	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Will order more when needed.  Thanks!
2290	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Haven't had any problems.
1563	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I originally bought a refurbished First Edition Nook on here for around $30.00 and then I got this one for myself after setting her up and going through a little learning curve as this was my first e-reader experience.
1984	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product as ordered and described - seems to be pretty handy - would shop again service was fast and ontime
171	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a Nook HD+.  As they are no longer produced I wanted to make sure I got an extra original charger and cable.  Glad I did as some OEM supplied cables, like this, just can't be replicated.  The quality of cable, especially Nook connector, are perfect.
1519	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This product was defective and had to be returned.  Good news, the seller was wonderful to work with.
What I found worst (also mentioned in other reviews) is that the round part the goes in your ear is very hard plastic, and pretty large -- I'm a good-sized adult male, and these were too big for my ears. There's no give at all, and the straight part coming down to the cord is placed so they don't even stay in the ear. A gentle tug pops them out -- which, pathetically, comes as a relief at least to that ear.
3401	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works great. Came to us right away. So pleased to get it so soon so I could use my new phone and camera. Can't beat the price!
Now I'm not gonna' say it's always pretty, sometimes there's an album like let it bleed, where the lp was put together rather shoddily, and the acoustic tracks are subzero to the rockier tracks. In such cases I've tried to record each track at the peak individually, though I haven't really heard them enough yet to know if this works. I will say that listening to these on a car stereo, well, the car stereo is a lot more sensitive than floor-standers and a good sony receiver. You have to be accurate to get the best sounding tape, but the reward can be fantastic.
200	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I made a photo album for a senior friend who was moving and I really liked the old camera picture style on this small album. great buy
8710	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time and as discribed.
11	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	"Hollywood is Like High School with Money" by Zoey Dean is a charming story about trying to break into the film business and staying there without getting stabbed in the back. Again, another story about Hollywood I had to read; but this time from the viewpoint of an assistant (the lowest of the lowest in that world). This one is funny and quirky and an easy read. Certainly, a good book to escape to the beach with!
I am happy with the purchase
This is the first in what is planned to be a trilogy of stories about Jack as he investigates crimes with paranormal overtones.  The paranormal aspects, at least in this first novel, are rather subtle.  The reality as we know it is altered only slightly, and for the most part, in ways that are only noticeable by Jack.  The result is that instead of giving the reader to reassurance that this has to be fiction that the more over the top DRESDAN FILES or SOUTHERN VAMPIRE series supply Jack's circumstances are a bit creepier.  The evidence of paranormal activity is available only to Jack and those who might aid him in dealing with it are eliminated from his life.  There are intriguing loose ends in this novel, ones that hold great promise for the remaining two novels in the series.
I purchased the AW810 unit to play light jazz or rock (I'm over 30 -- ouch!), out on my deck.  I thought it would help take the edge off the day (the music, along with an extra dry martini).  Instead of being smoothed by the hip-cat sounds of Miles Davis or The Dead, I found myself constantly running to the speaker to retune it (oftentimes causing me to spill my drink -- ouch again!).
4608	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	a good buy
7303	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	does what it's supposed to at a bargain.

9416	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect OEM clear tape
Looking at them, I found they were constructed using cheap plastic for the main body. The lens housings are screwed into the body, but the plastic is so fragile that apparently when they were dropped sometime during the shipping process the plastic shattered.
3068	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	missed shipped unit sent back, orginal external usb dvd unit needs knowledge of applications/ not include, obviously not a plug and play unit.indicator light  did show to be working on unit panel!
8592	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had water get in my car and there was a certain fonky smell when it rains. This has really helped to refresh the air in the car. I threw it under the front seat.
5274	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yeah, it's made of plastic.  Don't throw it down the stairs then.  Just put it where you want it and enjoy it.  Now that I've got mine set up where it can pick up stations and I've got the volume and tone set the way I want, all I do with the controls is switch between the same two stations on occasion.  So I suspect this radio will last a while.
9516	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Pricing is so much better than in the stores.  Use my P-Touch all the time to stay organized
good size for holding one handed for reading and lightweight (under a pound)
- No place to store a writing utensil
9120	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This was not what I expected !!!
So, where's the advantage with a Nook other than it's cool?  Three strikes (it could get one more if you count fragility compared to a paperback book).  This whole e-reader thing is bravo-sierra at this point.
It's very thorough. The author and editors spent a lot of time not only on detail, but also organizing the content in a way that makes sense to anyone picking it up. It's easy to read through, and it's easy to find a nugget for help here and there.

5483	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Amazing. Even with water pressure turned waaaay down it puts out amazing volume of water. Won't find anything better for the price


We've had two now do the exact same thing.  Go look online for Nook charging problems and you'll see lots of other people with the same problem.  There's even a couple reviews here with the same problem.
6934	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	can now operate my trackball from a longer distance.well worth the money.i bought two as you cannot find this length in to many stores.
an internal drive in a cpu to a blank disc.
pay 2x or more for any other cable that does just
5117	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had and used q 370Z for over a year, and I've never had a bad snapshot that wasn't the photographer's fault.  Yes, I sometimes get red-eye in low light, but a lot of that is caused by the compactness of the camera - the flash is too close to the lens to avoid ALL red-eye. Increasing the room lights helps. Other family menbers have had a series of 35mm Point-and-shoots, but the 370Z is better.  Reliable (at least for me), simple to use, with a zoom range that goes from true wide-angle (most don't) to portrait-length telephoto (the regular ELPH doesn't).  I still have my 35mm SLRs and 7 lenses for "serious" photography, but it sure is easier to carry the ELPH 370.
3801	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say....it does the job with no problems.  Actually, since I use my Garmin a lot in my car, it keeps a charge without having to charge it at home.
4037	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Cable gave me some interference and had to return.  50 ft length is very tough.  I had to buy 3 different cables before finding one that wouldn't give me interference and snow.  If you don't have electricity or cables running side by side with this, it's probably fine for you.  I you do, look for another alternative - either a shorter length or one with thick cable walls to cut down on interference.
Yes, they work with both my iPhone and iPad. Also with every other USB device I've needed to charge.
Have my baseballs in plexicases with a clear Brother label on each with name and info. This stuff is genius!
1116	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works as expected - a bit flimsy but otherwise a good item. It is for work, and work doesn't reimburse for supplies (the scourge of being a teacher) so I don't mind. I use it everyday and it does just fine!
2414	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
5803	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice sturdy cable.
6522	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hi everybody,
2705	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great lens--it lives up to the Canon "L" lens hype. .The image stabilization feature on the 24-105 allows you to shoot photos at a slower shutter speed in dark situations since the fastest this lens goes is F4. The IS feature  is really amazing and incredibly useful for shooting video. Adobe Lightroom helps fix some of the distortion on the wide end. The extras included in this package are okay but should not be the deciding factor in getting the lens. The bonus Digital Ultraviolet HD UV filter I received seemed really low-quality in terms of construction as I was never able to mount it on the lens since I was afraid to damage the threads on the lens.
5371	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I just threw mine out.  After a few months I was getting lots of static. Seems the connections loosened.

Not a Sparrow Falls is a beautifully written novel that is enthralling and a joy to read. This is a story of redemption and trusting God beyond reason. Forgiveness is heavily themed in this book, both from the Lord and yourself...God is not bound by circumstances. It shows how two very different people can be used to bring meaning to life and straighten eachother's spiritual paths. Author Linda Nichols slowly reveals the past of the characters throughout the book, weaving it all together and making you feel their struggles in life and why they are where they are. This makes for a novel that is hard to put down! I closed this book with a happy and satisfied sigh, and am eager to devour more of Nichols work. Not a Sparrow Falls is about new life and a fresh start...the perfect spring read!
6262	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work great!
The Rio500 will not be upgraded  to support some of the new codecs (WMA) which are half the size of MP3's.  The Rio600 comes w/ it - so obviously they're recognizing that this new  Codec is the way to go, but they won't support their older products.

8922	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, but I'm not too sure what snagless molded patch means, but definitely able to hook my desktop into my router! I wish they had black though...
633	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	What I received is more of a butterfly looking plate And therefore doesn't fit my tv without covering my inputs.  I am going to have to return it unless my dad can't use at his house.  Really bummed as I measured and thought I covered all my bases.  The item pictured looks like is would fit fine :(
6167	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Another user commented on using these with the home security camera. Same here. 8 hours of record time. Fresh tapes will last for awhile now. Should be easier on the record/playback heads of the VCR.
4301	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Purchased this USB cable to connect my Samsung smartphone to my laptop computer.  Works well and fits my needs and expectations.
8165	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price and does the job. It's also really flexible, which I liked because of the way my desk is set up.
1118	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I do not know if only my one is poor.


7841	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work well and look good

I purchased a powerline wifi adapter to create a hotspot in my room (being tethered to the wall is only going to work for my desktops). It sounds like that should provide wifi to devices like tablets etc. I will post again to let you know my findings.
8255	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
So another edit---
992	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this in my Samsung Galaxy Tablet.  Works like a champ, provides more than enough storage and is easy to access.
4032	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What more can you say.  It works great on my wife's S4.  She likes to keep all the pictures of the grandkids on the phone.  8gb lets her do that with plenty of room to spare.
I love this thing.  I love being able to read Barnes & Noble classics for free, checking e-books out from the library, and the prospect of sharing books with others who own a Nook.  This is an excellent piece of technology, and for the price it's going for right now... a HUGE steal.  Get one if you're on the fence, you won't regret it.
cleaning ) and these tapes will last quite awhile. i suggest not putting in old tapes of any sort because it will eventually wear out your player.


7988	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Its a patch cable. I hooked my xbox and dvd player to my router and can now access the internet on both.
3455	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had so many problems with 64gb cards NOT working in my Note 3 and Note 2014, that I was very leery of spending yet more money.  Because this vendor's description says "formatted specifically for...", I decided to try, one more time.
9313	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Love it.
5619	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked for my hub connection. No complaints.
It does the color scheme as advertised.
1650	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I decided to read this book due to some of the highly derisive comments it received, figuring that it couldn't be THAT bad. This is fantasy and it's entertaining. I cannot tell if the author is English or not. He used some obviously English colloquialisms but botches the rest. It's a quick and light read. I will likely read some more of Stephen Leather's books.

7926	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	One of many Necessities for connecting peripherals to my MAC, works great.
7266	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a replacement and very functional, washes Oxy white and very nicely!
15 oz: weight, not incuding cord, measured on my kitchen scales

2905	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This CD drive works maybe 5% of the time.  I have NOT successfully gone through one installation without an error.  Every time I try to watch a movie, or install a game, this drive will begin then eject the disk after a few minutes.  Even with a flawless, brand new disc, this drive still will not make it through to the end of a movie or software installation without several ejections.  Super aggravating!!  I ended up buying a name brand (LG) cd drive for only $5 more than this piece of generic crap.  The new drive works perfectly even when using the same exact discs.  Save yourself the time and trouble and order a name brand!!
2. availability of international 3G support where you can buy books. Nook needs to catch up on this.
5713	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
One thing to take into consideration is that the page numbers are synced with the actual pages of the ebook, regardless of font size or line spacing, so you can turn through page 85 two or three times before getting to page 86. It's a little weird, but not a major issue.
6184	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchasd a used original xbox really cheap and it wud only play a few games and those that did play wud freeze up. I orderd this lens cleaner and the transformation was instant, plays all my games w no freeze. I also hav a few high end DVD units, one an expensive Samsung DVD recorder that stopped recording and playing discs and a Toshiba upconversion DVD player that stopped reconizing and playing discs. I popped the lens cleaner in and their both working beautiful now, I was going to throw them out. A great product, and I can use it over and over if I hav any other devices that stop reading and playing discs.
9973	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent CB radio. The included antenna is really only for short distance communication for things like getting out of the vehicle on a trail and communicating with yours or another vehicle close by maybe to direct or spot objects along a route.
1188	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I don't know why I bought this tablet, just only one day using it and I stored it in a place where it continues stored... I don't like the screen... it reflects light from many sources (sun, bulbs, etc) despite the type of technology used in the screen...the size is no convenient, I think a bigger one good be better... well, this is my opinion about this product...

7584	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent

Definitely an improvement on an already superb phone especially if your wife is a shutterbug. 32 gb will do approximately 8000 high resolution pictures.

Easy to root, if that is something you would do.
7641	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Still works, but I'll be sure to update it.  :)
9053	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cleans your heads like no body else. does a great job
1146	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This tablet is amazing for running apps at home or using it as an e-reader. I was a little skeptical, considering the price, but it is a solid tablet. I originally bought it with the intent of rooting it, but even on the default Android OS, I am able to run everything i need from the google play store. Obviously gps, led, and camera functions don't work, but of course it was never designed for that. The kindle app works good which makes me wonder why anyone would get a different Android-based e-reader.




Changing a page is a pain with the controls.  There is a way to use a finger swipe that some people have difficulty with.
7849	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item as described good shipping.
3689	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this after the purchase of a camcorder that required it and would not work with a 16gig. Got the smaller card at local store because of price and wanted to compare Amazon first. Haft the price of buying it local so was worth the wait. Was in my hands a few days after ordering and would recommend that one at least look here before paying the box store price.
3072	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I did not know this could happen but a batch of bad blank CDs ruined TWO CD/DVD drives before I realized what was going on. Thanks Geek Squad for the heads up about that one! So the CD/DVD drive on my laptop no longer works and neither does the $60 external one I bought at Staples. I needed a drive. I found this one and decided to risk buying it because the price was right and so were the features. I have used it several times to burn music CDs from iTunes and it has worked perfectly each time. I honestly have not tried to burn a DVD so I cannot attest to that. But for the price, this is worth it. It saved my computing experience because I can now, once again, read and write CDs.
8909	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
  RI(9) was not connected

Anyways I give 5 stars cause I love the cover.
After just a few days the  camera accompanied us to Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia and Seoul, S. Korea, while  we nervously left our Canon SLR at home.  The camera performed marvelously.  We found the optional 16MB flash memory card more than adequate for our  needs, as we easily downloaded photos each day into our laptop.
7718	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It worked great
1998	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Unless you have a photographic memory (no pun intended) and can remember every option and setting on the complicated D300, a small "cheat sheet" is an absolute necessity when traveling. It has saved me from some stupid mistakes (wrong focus or metering settings), and most of all it provides a quick reference when you want to utilize one of the more esoteric functions of the camera.  If you can remember all the options more power to you; for me, the small price (and small size) of this reference guide is invaluable. It beats ending up with lousy photos.
5382	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This emphatically does not work in slot drives.  I used it in both my Apple Superdrive and the built-in DVD player on my television and both just spit it right back out moments after I inserted it.  After several attempts I simply gave up.
It is a GREAT buy!
109	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Perfect and arrived in a timely manner.





8373	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Son started playing digital piano but still practicing and needed one for him so our neighbor won't be bothered. It just arrived and he used it right away. And yes its for digital piano. I have a photo to compare the plugs... the gray is for smart phones and the black is the yamaha
9869	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great for my new Brothers P-Touch Label Maker. I will probably buy the two pack next time.  Once you start labeling stuff, you can become addicted!
7903	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have these all over in my house!  They work great!  I had one for many years that I paid over $50 for but I got my money's worth for sure!  So when I was able to see these on Amazon for less money, I was happy!  They work well, they allow you to plug up many things and move freely.  The cord from the power strip is average length but it does the job!  I would recommend.
I've looked at the newest generation Nook, which has just recently become available, and I'm glad I got my Nook when I did; I like it so much better than ANY ereader I've looked at.  I can drop my nook in my purse, and anytime I'm stuck somewhere and want to read, I've got a whole library right there with me.  The Nook is awesome!!!
As usual for digital books, spell check doesn't count as an editor.
- lost tabs when doing internet searches several times -- lost content of what I was searching
2536	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Something didn't contact right at first, so i took it apart and re-assembled it and it works great now! yay
1179	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GREAT!!!!
8168	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Belkin 7 foot Cat 5e Cable works just as advertised. I use it as part of my power line home network and it delivers the data quickly. One of the best features of this cable is the jacks themselves. I'm used to the crappy connecters that have a tendency to break, this is not an issue with the robust plastic sleeves on this cable. I highly recommend this product.
9423	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This tape, when used in the Brothers label maker is superb. The letters are easy to read. Unlike other labels I've used, the backing is easy to peal off. I even labelled the breakers in my electrical panel. I'm glad they have a QWERTY keyboard and not an A-Z dial, makes typing labels a breeze. I recommend typing labels in batches, with a few spaces between each, then print the entire batch, and cut apart with sissors, that minimizes wasted tape.
6545	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great.  I'd recommend this to a friend.
248	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When I looked at the cover art, I decided this book was going to be a sweet little romance about a sweet young woman. What I got was a fantastic read filled with suspense that at times had my heart in my throat. I just couldn't put this book down!
But you cannot "hear" the instructions because everything sounds like" Donald Duck' when the lens is dirty.
1111	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product arrived on time, as described.
I was initially concerned about the quality based on the price it is been offered and also was worried that the extra length (10 Ft) would be an issue when it comes to signal degradation etc; But as the cable is of good quality I did not notice any sync issues or signal degradation.
***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
4720	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	worthless.
- 32gb + SD slot
3739	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!
6544	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very fast service. exactly what I ordered..I am never disappointed with Belkin products.
6162	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Piece of crap. What else is there to say.
1097	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Received on time. Great RAM, Got them to be used with SuperMicro Server  SYS-5015A-EHF-D525. Work perfect. Recommended.
1896	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Originally 30.00. Super pleased with this.
2466	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It worked
4778	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Seemed to have work beautifully to fix my for my in-dash OEM CD player for my 12 year old vehicle. The CDs always kept skipping when playing any CD, it was quite annoying. I'm glad however that the CD player had a dirty or oily lens which was resolved rather easily and quickly than something larger. I have a 6 disc changer and tried it on each one just to be on the safe side. The instructions were easy to follow and it was quick and simple. Use it several times to ensure the lens grime, dust or oil is removed completely. May not work on the first try, but it does work very well. Keep at it!
- love the fact that it is color
1219	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love reading, and in a lot of cases I found myself leaving a book at home because I didn't want to carry any heavy things. This is great! I put in a small 512MB card and now it holds ~50 books! I gave it 4 stars only because the dictionary function isn't very good. I think it has a literal copy of a dictionary, which means it doesn't explain the word fully but still doesn't allow you to search for the meaning of a work in the translation window...
Since I can access the Micro SDXC card via the Ausdom USB I have not needed to use the SD adapter. While I expect it works just fine I can't say for sure. Not a whole lot more to say except that this micro SDXC card packs a lot of storage in a small space with access speeds that work great for demanding driving HD.
1819	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wow!  This heartwarming love story kept getting better every chapter I read. The author is wonderfully talented. I would have rated this 5 stars except for the cuss words. It's beyond disgusting when authors take God's name in vain.
I really enjoyed the book.  It's very well written and has a great message without being too preachy.  The characters are very interesting.  There are times when the stories within the stories can get a little confusing as we have a father reading a bedtime story to his children about their grandfather's adventures which include him as a child.  The book also felt a little long to me for a kind of light hearted story.  And, while a shorter version might be appropriate for children, there were a couple of passages that got pretty intense and I'm not sure I'd want my younger daughter (10) to read.

-The connection turns to be loose and does not fit correctly. Especially after couple of time using...even using it gently...I am a keeper!
Each TV will be different.  My guess is this was designed for an old model TV that was thicker than today's sets.
7861	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great hi Speed cable at a great price that i buy in advance for when i need them.  Works as expected. good shipping
947	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	item as expected and seems to be as advertised.
Email.  The Tablet has email capabilities and works really well with GMAIL accounts.  However, security is appalling.  Once your enter your account and password you are never prompted for it again.  This means if someone picks up your Tablet they can read your email.  The settings can be changed to require a password to compose email, but it does not appear to work.  Enabling the 4 number passcode on the Tablet is the only security you have.  Because of this, I have not tried connecting to my work MS Exchange server and probably never will.  Verdict: FAIL
7176	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great, easy way to cook pasta. No fuss, no muss.
4212	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Nintendo DSi and can't believe how cheap it is! I love buying Kingston memory cards since they've proven to be fast, reliable, and a fantastic value. This card is nothing less and I'm very happy with it.
It works like an ethernet cable should

7040	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Sometimes you might wonder, "you know, the USB cable that came with this cell phone/controller/hard drive/other things is not long enough; I could something to extend its reach."  I know where you are coming from, and I figured you would consider something like this.  Here, I bought one; here's my take on things.
3820	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
6950	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works as a good extender. I've had no problems with it and it is fully functional. If you need an extension cable this one works well
While it may lack some features, its picture quality is surprisingly good.  If you are thinking that a waterproof disposable camera has the same advantages that I listed above (i.e., waterproof with worry-free portability), be advised there is a big difference in the quality of the prints.  I've used both and you get much better pictures from this camera. It may not do everything that a fancier camera can do (zoom, macro, etc.), but what it can do it does exceptionally well.  This camera has taken some of my favorite vacation snapshots and family pictures, if for no other reason than it was there with me when the picture opportunity presented itself while my "good" camera sat safely (and uselessly) packed away and protected.
Pro's
I would buy this product again.
4016	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price - Ultra speedy Prime shipping - Works as it should
K: 139 with wifi(or 189 with wifi and free 3G)
8731	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have owned an Olympus 340 for two years and I've been very happy with it...but I recently upgrade to the Olympus 3040 because the 340 just couldn't give me the print-quality I was looking for!  Frame a photo from the 340 and you can tell it is a digital photo.  Frame a photo from the 3040 and you would never know it was digital!  So, I love this camera and it was a great camera for me to learn about digital photography and to see if I liked a digital camera more than my old 35mm.  But, two years later, I've found the need to upgrade.  However, due to the significant price jump, the comparisons to the 3040 are not totally fair!  So I still give the 340 a rating of 5 stars because for the price I think it is a great option!
I ended up borrowing my mom's charger and charging my Nook HD+.  I then wiped the device and will put the Nook app on a generic Samsung tablet.  My Nook HD+ still works, but given all of the new Android exploits, lack of third party chargers that can last as long as the original, and the fact Barnes and Noble no longer supports it I cannot see keeping it any longer when newer tablets are faster.

8320	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The speakers that came bundled with my PC sounded so bad that I thought the sound card was defective -- but the sound card is on the motherboard, so I decided to try these speakers instead.  The difference is simply amazing!  Not being a 'gamer, I did not want a 3-speaker system.  The sound quality from the Altec-Lansing's are as good as my boom box -- for general PC sound use, you can't go wrong with these...
458	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Highly recommend.  I liked the ease of installation and the sturdiness I bought a second one for our other tv.....  (hung a 50" LG LCD)
5697	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These wraps are great, I bought these's to try out and I'm going to buy more, they work good.  I was using rubber bands, but they kept breaking.  The shipping took a few days
The economies of scale make it difficult to market a left-handed version of a product.  The market is 90% right-handed (generally).  Manufacturers have to decide whether or not the cost of producing a variant of the product will be offset by additional sales.  Many times, a left-handed person adapts to the right-handed product.
I always recommend buying Ethernet cords (or 90% of products) online. The deals are too good to pass up!
6354	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Maxell is a well trusted brand that has quality products. Bought these because I still use a video recorder. Have never had any problems with them and am sorry to see them go.
2870	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	DIsappointed.  Have to plug and replug multiple times to get it to work.  Often it "drops" the connection to the CD rom drive in the middle of processing.  I wouldn't buy again.



There IS a little learning curve at first and expect to need a household pc to talk to it via a usb micro (not MINI) data cable WITH DATA capability (some usb cables are just charge-only) and if you get a used deal on one without a usb micro data+power ability, you are looking at up to $20.00 (unless you get one cheaper taking a risk on a crappier cable).
Barnes and Noble has horrible customer service, so if you are used to Amazon's amazing service stay away from this company. It is (or was) my favorite bookstore and I used to visit and purchase items weekly (it smells wonderful in there!). I should have frequented Borders more, so they wouldn't have gone out of business here in the South. (Yes, I'm saying I have the purchasing power to save a whole franchise. Just joking :-) It's no wonder Barnes and Nobles are closing all around me, shouldn't you try to please the customer and not call them a liar, so they'll come back? (RIP, I'll still miss them even though I'm upset right now. I just really love bookstores and books).
7688	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Purchased two of these hunting for a good quality tape that would last for repeated taping. Seems to be good quality in comparison to previously using RCA, Maxell and Magnavox brands. Unfortunately, after purchasing these, I found the same tapes in a store for a little less, but no big deal.
6998	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	.... When I dropped them a day after getting them home, the right earpiece shattered, revealing the inside of a very cheap product. .... The description doesn't tell you that you have to tune the transmitter, then tune the headset until the signals coincide. That takes a little doing to get it right, and I find that the two parts lose each others' signal several times over the course of a couple of hours. I have to re-tune the base and the headset each time they lose each other. It also has an annoying whine most of the time also. Since last XMas, it seems like this is the only wireless headphone product in the retail stores, which is a shame because it is so bad.

4261	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I aint never going to buy another cable at walmark or radio shack. amazon has the best price, quality n selection bar none. only a beta male wuld disagree.
I am very disappointed in the lifespan of these headphones and will not be buying from this company again.  If not for the poor design these would have been great headphones for the price.
7054	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This set of bands are just what I needed for my daily workout. I love the colors and the feel of the material. It looks and feels expensive and durable.
Amazon's got a great price, too. $10 cheaper than anyone else. Ironic, considering the Nook is their direct competitor.

* the covering on the cable wasn't cracked anywhere

746	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	What is with all the 4 and 5 star reviews? This mount is atrocious!
164	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this so I could use the Xfinity app from my Nook HD+ running CM11 and it works ok it does not fill the screen 100% but it is still worth it.
Overall, I'm very pleased with my purchase and would recommend it to others.
6274	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The tapes are excellent. No trouble with them at all.  I use T-160 so that I can record 2 full hours using SP.
1070	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I came across this 'Lightening Deal' by accident and i am so happy i did. This is great for anyone who needs more memory on their digital camera, smartphone, or tablet. Most Android tablets only accept up to 32GB, but this is not the case. In actuality, this card is usuable on all android devices. The only thing is, it must be formatted first. It will not work right out of the box. Good thing i had an old Samsung Vibrant phone lying around the house. It was running Android 2.2 and it gave me the option to format this card, as soon as i popped it in. It only took 2 seconds to format and now works in all my Android devices. I popped this into my Android 3.0 tablet and it would NOT format the card, so i feel very fortunate to have my Samsung Vibrant handy. I really needed this extra memory for my HTC View tablet, so that i can add more movies on it. The tablet came with 32GB installed and now has over 90GB thanks to this little Sandisk guy. Apple is so stingy with memory and now my tablet has more memory than the most expensive iPad that's available. This card also functions great for turning a smartphone into an iPod Touch replacement. It was on sale for fifty bucks and so worth it. I don't recommend buying this if it cost more. SD cards can get extremely pricey. I only wish this came in 120GB.
7895	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works.
4162	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my LG 800g phone, and right when i put it in, the phone automatically recognized it. The adapter it comes with also makes it easy to plug into a computer and transfer files to the phone. All in all, i definitely recommend this product, it does exactly what it says, and for the price, its a win-win situation
6200	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	High quality product.
2833	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice charger!  50 watts so each port is 2A which is what a lot of devices require.  It's simple and sleek.  Best thing is that there is no wall wart!  This thing has an internal power supply so it has a regular plug on the end.  Would definitely buy more.  Only way to make it better is more ports!  How about a 10 port 100 watt?!?!?!
616	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great was pretty easy to put up and does the trick. it is my sons room and really works great.

7992	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Ya, this thing is pretty cool. I bought it to connect one electronic thing to another and to my surprise, it worked! Data is being transmitted as I type this thanks to this cord.
I've gotten items needing to be assembled before with all the hardware in one bag -- not so with this product!!  I'm impressed! Every nut, bolt, screw, washer, etc. is clearly packaged (individually by size and labeled!)

6097	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works as advertised and tunes your entire system. This is the only one to get.
1243	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was pretty doubtful about whether an ebook reader was worth it, but this nook surpassed my expectations. I love the simplicity, and the small size makes it perfect for travelling. The material its made of makes it stay in your hand well, and the features it has is just right for me - not to fancy, but not lacking either. My only complaint is the fact that you can't use the dictionary on pdf books, but I remedied that easily by using software on my computer to convert my pdfs into epub before putting them on the nook. All in all, this is the best purchase I've made in a while - definitely worth it!
3026	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have to say this is my first investment in an external drive - the best!!
2567	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I had a larger car charger, both sides rated at 1.0 amp, that I used for a couple of years to charge my phone while powering my GPS.  I bought this to keep the profile low and still be able to pull it out, but lthe GPS kept re-starting because it kept sensing that it lost power.  I went back to my larger charger wjhile I order the BoxWave Charger which my niece uses and I have testred.
CONCLUSION:  All in all It's not a bad unit.. ESPECIALLY for the price.  Yes I would have liked to see a sturdier unit, but when you take into account the <$30 price tag, it's an excellent bargain.  I don't think I'll have any issue with a static mounting of my TV in the corner of the bedroom *BUT* if you are considering installing this unit for a television that will see a lot of traffic, constant repositioning, etc... then you might want to spend more money on something sturdier.
9306	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A good product never failed to peal off backing though it can be a bit difficult at times. Use in my labeler always gets a good print.  Hard to remove once put on a smooth surface.  Very difficult to wash off of jars if you use it on them.
2302	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very beautiful pendant, as described, and with a working USB flash drive in the back. She loved it! Would definitely recommend it.
Bottom line, this product is inexpensive and it works to perfection.  I have had it 4 years and it is still going strong.  I highly recommend this product.  Finally, something that actually does what it says it does.

Thank you Amazon,
4401	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my needs.
  The nook's battery you can change at home. It also accepts a memory card, which allows you to expand your book collection.
1554	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have had three replacements!!!  You have to drag your fingers across the screen to turn the device on.

-sturdy, good quality plastic, kind of like Lego
7242	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm obsessed with these suddenly. Use them as a dinner mat, use as a cutting board, use as a hot tray... these things are so handy. I got 2 of them in the bright green. I was thinking they'd be like any other silicone mat but these are even better!  Once you place them on your counter you have to peel them if you want them off. Which is a good thing, because they won't slip around. And they do t leave any residue behind as they are simply silicone.
4200	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a class 4, GB microSD card. What is there really to say about it? It stores information as it should, and the transfer rate for it, while moving MP3s is rather decent in my opinion. Works perfectly in my Asus Eee PC 701 4G. Good product for the money.
-dB
It was our household's first e-reader.
This one, identical in every way, is assembled in Korea. Seems to be better made.
7596	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just what i needed
One does not need to employ the top  setting to produce extremely good pictures, maximizing the number of photos  on a single compact flash card.
2-Stars - it works(?) but is obsolete and a waste of money.
5) Rich base, sweet high-ends, and earth shaking volume for you hard rockers or gamers
6164	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work with my Sidewinder Precision Pro

4975	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Maxell VP-200 VHS Wet Cleaner far exceeded my expections and I will be ordering more of them from you soon. I highly recommend this seller and this product.
7723	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product is as described.
775	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As described.
6711	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this item because my new PC dint have a DB25 game port, if you are running windows XP it will not recongcide the divice, so it will be worthless.
20 year old tapes I've tested still have my dictation dialogue on them due to the great design of the original cassette format. Old 5.25 inch floppy disks from my DOS computer went bad in 5 years!
2. TV band (tornado tracking is sophisticated enough to get down to street-level tracking on TV. NWS hasn't caught up yet)
1185	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Hated this, I returned it. Slow transition between screens and it flickered, became motion sick with watching the screen.
cheap. ( I got them for 5.99 + SH in a deal )

5163	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Maxell 8mm tapes are hard to find for me in my area these days. Glad I was able to make my purchase and got them within three days which was perfect for what I needed them for. Overall very happy with the results.
product info is not correct. I bought this for an older Sidewinder Pro 2 I had. This adapter does not work with it, even with drivers installed. A big waste of time. Meanwhile a logitec adapter my brother had fired right up. Don't waste your money or time.

Cover to Cover is just that! Think of an electronic copy complete with inserts, as it existed when published. The quality is never less than a VERY GOOD quality print edition and most are EXCELLENT quality. I have never been unable to read something or found a bad picture.
1250	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I choose this product because it's capable of support diferent formats, I convert my pdf files in EPUB whit free programs (calibre and sigil) and mi readings are now easy and the graphics are visualized correctly.

1047	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this to use in an Android media player, and so far it has worked great! The player's specs claim to support cards only up to 32G, but this one worked fine after I formatted it in the tablet, and it seems fast.

**EDIT**  In 2010, this radio is now known as the RCA Superadio III.  Model numbers include RCA 7-2887 and RCA RP7887.  I am listening to the original, reviewed item right now, and I'm glad to see the line is still being produced even if it is under the throwback RCA brand.
6535	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love itttt, i hate the puny wires you get with your phone this thing is greaaaattt
Now, the GE 7-2887 Superadio III takes its place among such prescient products.  Your humble communications technician, seeking to hear another human voice  while on the job in a computer room, found the Superadio III remarkably  well suited to the computer room environment.
2651	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. The blue led light is a nice touch in the car. We charge a Samsung and Iphone using this outlet. Nice low profile too.
3191	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This device was purchased for use with an HP USB laser printer and a workgroup of MacBook Pros running OS-X Mavericks.  It's not working well.  Works for a while... Then stops and reports the printer is busy.  Will not print until power cycle the device.  It's already running the latest firmware available.  Been in touch with tech support.  They did not have any suggestions.  It may work OK with a PC... But if you own a Mac... Look elsewhere.
6922	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not much to say here except to take up room. Well shielded, and works exactly like a USB cable should.
8923	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I ordered both the Belkin 25 ft CAT 5e and the Belkin 50 ft. CAT 5e cables since I was not sure if the 25 ft cable would be long enough --- as it turned out the 25 ft cable was just what I needed so I did not use the 50 ft. cable.  The 25 ft cable comes in Belkin packaging and markings but (like other reviewers stated) the 50 ft. cable comes in a plastic bag that says made in China and there is no indication that the cable is a Belkin.
6250	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great buy.
7577	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!
6048	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
1755	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the Size.

Interestingly, they also have a secondary use.  Because they don't need a computer to work at all, they can be plugged directly into any stereo system that has the ability to output its sound (that is, one which has an AUDIO OUT jack).  They can thus give resonant stereo sound--even to lowly portables.  You'll think twice about whether you really need to upgrade to a whole new system after hearing these speakers.  (Before buying for this purpose, however, I'd recommend you go to altec-lansing.com and grab the manual for this product, just to make sure that it's compatible with your stereo.)
2700	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding pictures...
2455	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	don't buy it. It is not working.
5351	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is my misfortune to live in a "fringe" FM reception area;  the station I regularly listen to is 75 miles away.  I have tried various combination shortwave/AM/FM radios  over the past few years and none had better than "so-so" sound on FM.  I'd read about this radio for many years and when I saw it on Amazon , figured it was worth a try.  I have been very pleasantly surprised!  The radio is very large, but has very large speakers that, combined with separate bass and treble controls, produce a very good quality sound.  The tuner section is highly sensitive, even on FM. After I loaded the six D cells into it, I have never even plugged it into the wall and it has been used daily for several hours for many months now. The build quality is a little cheesy, but if it weren't it would weigh as much as an anchor.  If you want good quality audio and reception at a very reasonable price and don't mind a large portable, this is a winner.
Parallel Port drives have their drive letter(s) assigned after the hard drive. Another Parallel Port unit can be connected to the first ("daisy chaining"). This changes the drive letter(s) assigned to CD-roms. A USB drive has its drive letter assigned after the CD-rom drive letter(s). Both units have been proven useful over time. Will the data on a disk survive for over a decade? Not with some floppy disks. Few hard drives survive 10 years of daily use. All your important data files should be copied from a hard drive to ZIP drives or other media. ZIP drives, like floppies, should not be exposed to magnetic fields or high heat. CDs can be damaged by high heat. ZIP disks are reusable, replacing data does not decrease the size. A CD disk consumes space when a file is replaced. Both can have labels. Some say ZIP drives are obsolete, but not as long as it works for you. A ZIP disk has no compatibility problems between different systems and computers. A CD written on one system may not be updated by a different system.
7332	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As the author of the Jefferson Airplane book "Take Me To A Circus Tent" as well as an avid music collector, and a former radio disc-jockey, I am often asked to write about and or discuss various recording tapes.
2301	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	i bought this as a small part of a birthday present for my girlfriend who loves disney. Appearances is fantastic, though with the way it is made I'm sure long term it will fade some and lose a few gems. But for the price I feel that is expected. It is a full 8 gigs which is awesome for what I needed. I tested it and it seems to hold data fine without corruption. I am putting Disney movies on it to make it a really unique gift. The USB is hidden on the back, it slides out which I knew would be somewhat problematic before I even got to the computer. I found that it was easiest to hold my finger underneath to prevent the USB from sliding back because it doesn't stay in place perfectly without a little help. I would recommend this as a gift or as a nice size novelty drive for your self. It comes on a chain that I would say would leaves green marks on your neck.  I'll be putting it around a stuffed animal to finish this part of my gift.
3854	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great, no issues. I didn't realize it was 10' wanted a 6' but that was my fault.
6154	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product works as advertised, I use it to connect my Apple time capsule to a Nother component and it did just fine
1644	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Jack Nightingale used to be a negotiator.  He was very good at his job, convincing jumpers not to jump and kidnappers to let go of hostages.  But one day, he couldn't convince a nine-year-old girl not to jump and the reason why she jumped caused Jack to flip out.  It cost him his badge, but he has no regrets.
6637	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Pro:
Now for the one downside...Unfortunately I was expecting a lot more out of these as to their sound for the price...Many people here are calling them a good value, but at the current $49 price I can't agree with that.  I was actually quite taken back at how these sounded compared to not only what I expected, but also compared to others I have of the same style, price range.  These are not noise cancelling phones, which in my experience provides a superior experience.  But I have other phones in this price range that frankly have it all over these.  The bass is at best acceptable, and the highs are nothing at all brag worthy as to their clarity or definition.  This is all just my opinion of course, and, not one popularly shared among others here.  But it is one that comes with several other headphones compared to it of various brands. Despite all this, I still give these phones a 4 star rating.  Only because my experience, which goes back a long ways, has shown Yamaha to be one of the most reliable brands ever made.  For most things they have their name on, not just headphones.  I actually have a pair of Yamaha phones that are better than 30 years old and still going strong.  These will take a beating and keep on ticking as the saying goes.  They may not be up to par with others I have, (especially the noise cancelling ones), as far as their sound quality, but they aren't terrible either. And, they are some of the best made phones at any price...Even with their mediocre sound, they are still recommended for their quality and reputation.  And you never know, you may love the sound as many others here do...
4646	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Item did not work. When placed into the VCR, it would not play (or rewind).

The software for this drive took down Win 8, and I had to do a reset to get it to restart Windows.  Major flaw.
Ed Williams, Colorado Springs, CO
2796	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This monitor stay away from the thing just died over night had it about 8 months buyer beware cheap isn't always better and there is no warranty being it comes from outta the country
1824	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I really liked this story........the country star falling in love with the cook was really a good storyline.  The only thing I didn't really like and the reason for the 4 star was the lyrics from a made up country singer and the recipes from a made up cook after every chapter.  It really wasn't necessary and didn't add to the story.

Multiple users printing at once works perfectly, but there is no option for separator page(s) between documents.  This saves paper, but makes finding the break between multiple documents a little more difficult.  Only a real issue if used in an office.
  If I had to do it over again, I would still buy the Belkin 50 footers. I don't want to have a 500 foot roll of ethernet cable hanging around.
Works perfectly for the area of the room I am using it in which allows me to rearrange the room without the need to move the TV.
1912	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Holds the Nook securely, with a nice texture and color is a lot deeper than in the image. It looks less pink and more burgundy, and has ample space around the Nook to lay the charging cable. Good quality, I would recommend.
  With all the nice features, the Nook would be a great piece of technology, were it not for the stinking little virus waiting for you out there in Cyber land.
I do recommend the nook. It would be nice if they would lessen DRM restrictions so I could buy books from Amazon or any other place for that matter.
1892	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Clean, simple, sleek cover but nothing out of the ordinary. I can fold it back so its out of the way when I'm reading and my nook clips in well, but I wouldn't grab a flap and start waving it about because I'm pretty sure that would mean the end of my nook. Much prefer the tweed and leather javo edge cover I had for my nook first edition. Also, I have a little bit of difficulty waking up my nook using the"button" on the back, but I haven't yet figured out if its because of the case, or because my nook is a piece of crap.
Several years ago a movie came out called "Sixth Sense".  Millions of people watched this movie before I did, but out of millions of reviews not one person gave away the spoiler.  That fascinated me.  It was definitely "different".  And millions of people kept that secret religiously.  There were minor clues along the way, but so intricately weaved into the story that you missed them.
2435	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
My only complaint is that the joints are a little on the stiff side. It takes quite a bit of force to move the TV from one position to another. It's a little hard for my wife to do-- especially with the TV mounted about 6ft up on the wall. It may be possible to loosen these pivot points, but I have not tried. I'm a little nervous about making it less stable if I do.
6362	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Solid!
6911	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We needed some more lenth on a few of our peripherals and this suited the bill.  a commodity item for sure but it is working just fine.  Good value for the money spent.
Oddly enough, my favorite characters were the cows from the trampoline scene.  I don't know why, but that image just stuck with me.
8369	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are easily as clear as the BOSE headphones we have that were $300. The sound for both the highs and lows is fantastic. Music comes through clear and rich. We used them with classical and the capture was very good. The headphones  are very comfortable to wear, extremely light My teenager keeps absconding with them and is defiantly  putting them through their paces. If they survive Sam, they will survive anything

3780	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Mini cable has a head in standard size.  Good cable but not for Nikon P600.
6259	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	arrived with water damage...had to return
5060	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice little radio.  It has good sound quality & it's easy to tune and to set up the clock and the station presets.  The timer function is useful since it does run on batteries.  My only issue is that I wish an AC adapter was included so that I didn't always have to run it on batteries.
5588	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing fancy, but this cleaning disc worked great for the CD player in my wife's car.  The stereo was no longer playing audio CDs and I had begun looking at replacement head units as I assumed that the unit was defective.  For less than $8, I am glad I took the chance.  After using the cleaning disc one time, the stereo is now playing CDs properly again.

9046	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Helps.
5486	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good product.
  RTS(7) to CTS(8),
8129	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Shipped immediately to me, this patch cable is worth way more than I paid. Very good quality.  Excellent customer service as well. Excellent Value and Product




1082	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This thing cost alot but i now have over 200 Cd's at my finger tips with my galaxy so im happy the only thing is it's kind of hard to get out of the adapter maybe its me i don't know but i love this card. P.s. Only Around 58 to 60 useable space on it.
Of course you need a standard HDMI cable to plug into it.
86	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Since B&N no longer carry the Nook Color, or the cases... this one is actually better and cheaper than what I had originally bought from B&N.
2558	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Comes on but clicks off - won't charge my iPhone 4S. Spend the money and get a better quality one.

1291	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It is surly a shame that I have to write this sad review. Why? Because I like the Nook, very much, however do not call Barnes and Noble support for anything.  I am on the phone now as I type this.  I have been on the phone with customer support for 35 minutes. Twenty minutes on hold right now.
All that said, Moleskine made a mistake with their design.  While they include directions on how to flip the unit around to use it for leftys, when you do so, the "cover" becomes the back, and vice versa... and on your new cover, you now have an embossed Moleskine Logo--UPSIDE DOWN!

1907	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this case it fits my Nook perfectly.  I also love how inexpensive it is.  Very happy I found this case and recommend it for all who have the same Nook.
1366	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Arrived promptly and in sealed box. Has a lot of nice features. Nice screen with ample adjustments. One drawback is that yahoo mail apps will not work on this system. The charging system only works with wall plugin will not charge thru USB port will have to buy car charger.  All kinds of apps available in google play. It streams movies well and volume is good.
4582	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Worked fine and packaged well.
5489	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	High quality product.  Happy I made this choice.
6778	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This simple usb extension cable seems to be very well made.  It has heavy molded connectors and a flexible insulation on the cable.  Extended my tablet charging cable and works just as it is supposed to do.
4030	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly!
4451	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great
1027	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Format the card in the device (look up how to format on your individual device) and voila - 64GB of whole grain silicon goodness.
If your using your laptop to just surf the web and check your email then this little guy is perfect.
1325	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have a Kindle and I am very happy with it, but I also wanted the Nook. Just as I don't see the need to choose between PC and Mac and just keep one of each around, I don't see that this is a fight that is necessary. There are a handful of books for Nook that I can't get on Kindle, and a bit more than a handful of books on Kindle I can't get on the Nook.
195	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect cover for the nook HD+. Fits well, does its job, stays out of the way. Two distinctively different angles to prop up the tablet, and both are very right for different uses of the tablet.
Now, if only I had NOT wasted $5 on that stupid fake-leather black cover, that completely RUINED the casing on my Nook... :(
5096	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The sound quality is pretty good and the radio reception is very good.  Previous shower radios we had were far worse in both areas.  I especially like the programable buttons since we each like different stations.  Even though the screen fogs the LCD is still readbale.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I think the price is a bit high for a shower radio.
4165	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have 5 of these I got during a sale. Have used for 2+ years in DS, DSi, DSi XL, Epic 4G, Nook Color, and PCs. Zero failures.
and I am happy with it.
410	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works well for my 32'' TV
2592	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't last very long. Worked great when it worked but it is a cheap piece of plastic crap so I shouldn't have expected it to last.
2662	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Yup. This thing is crap. It doesn't have enough output to charge my phone. This is like one of those "chain letter" scams. They're selling a cheap product, knowing that no one's gonna go through the hassle of getting a refund for a few bucks. Touch!
2238	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I don't have too much exciting to say about the cable.  I'm not a videophile by any means, but the cable works, I don't see any problems with it, and it is a bunch cheaper than I could get from Best Buy...
6614	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	don't seem to help much.  I often borrow CD's from the library and don't know what the previous person did with them- left them under the car during an oil change?  They are often dirty, skip, or don't play at all.  I hoped these woud help me clean them, but not really helpful.


785	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	it really slow..can't save 4K on it..
7787	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Power strip is designed well and functions properly.  It has an angled plug which fit my needs well.
Cons:
- My main gripe is the cord
1283	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	What's good: The B&W screen is easy to read, with wide viewing angle. I like the form factor, too - comfortable size, weight, and feel in the hand. I can't complain about capacity, either, not once I've added a few gig of drop-in flash.
8018	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yes it is stunning.  It actually looks better in person than in the picture.  The shipping is excellent.  It came very well protected.  I did however change the bulbs for two CFLs.  You won't regret buying it.
424	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have bought two of these videos ecru tv mounts and both have worked great. I used one for 42 inch and one for 32 inch. I like the tilt because one is up high and like pulling it in and out to move towards different directions. It feels secure and holds the tv well. One of mine is even a older flat screen and more heavy than newer ones.
5383	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	TRIED IT ON TWO DVD DECKS THAT WERE NOISY OR SPOTTY.  FIRST OFF THE CLEANER DISK MADE STRANGE MECHANICAL NOISES IN BOTH DRIVES TRIED.
5045	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The radio seems good at first but they don't hold up to long-term use in the shower. I've had two of these which have died after several months of use, and am trying a different brand instead.
I got my phone connected to a couple of Philips ShoqBox bluetooth speakers and now it's officially MOVIE TIME!
6537	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If there's one thing I dislike about Ethernet cords it's the price that some companies try to charge for them. I have, unfortunately, shelled out $20 for a 20 foot Ethernet in the past thinking it was the price I had to pay. Either this price is outrageous or the sellers online are crazy.

7467	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I decided to take the plunge into Minidisc by buying this unit - the price was right and the features on this guy were impressive.

3644	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Basic 32g disk. Using it with my GoPro Hero3+. Works well, no speed issues.
So if you are looking for a tape adapto for your iPod, you should get this one! :)
So all things said and done, how did it do against the interference?  Now basically I'm stuck in an area which is nothing short of several high tower power poles.  The improvement was marginal.  BUT to my surprise there are additional AM/FM jacks on the back that you can add an additional antenna or signal amplifiers to <G>  I grabbed a power cord, wrapped it around the AM port, and between the improvement in tuning, signal grabbing, and the extra antennae, I'm getting very decent reception with only a small bit of hissing.
1194	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Very disappointed in purchasing 2 of these, one for my wife and one for myself. We learned a couple months after purchasing different books on both devices that we could only loan the book out to the other device one time only for a 14 day period. Both of us typically read over lunch breaks and it takes longer than that to finish a book. Yes I do realize that we can just trade nooks back and forth though for the price of a ebook and the actual book I would rather purchase a hard copy of the book.
Minidiscs have  several really big advantages...they virtually never skip. I've even  dropped mine on the ground and it didn't miss a beat. Well-built too...it  didn't break even though I've dropped it several times. The ability to add  track numbers is great. I often choreograph routines to music and the  minidisk player is great for this, I just take the song and split it into a  bunch of tracks so I can easily work on one section at a time.
44	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Saved a bundle buying this from Amazon and not the cable company.  Works great!
782	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good value
Great purchase -  I've already had other musicians ask where I got it.
 1. Echo canceling is working perfectry.
6197	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	what I expected
-Comes with all of the hardware you'll need
5146	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	GREAT QUICK DELIVERY NEEDED FAST FOR MY SONS BASEBALL. IF YOU MUST USE THESE THEN PURCHASE ASAP NEVER KNOW HOW LONG THESE WILL BE AROUND FOR WITH TECHNOLOGY CHANGES
  But, by golly, it does have absolutely terrific AM reception. Right away, all the
1958	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really adore this light!  It's bright enough to have beside my exercise bike - so when I'm there at night - gives me just the right amount of light and saves me the full electrical bill that my normal light fixture would require.


3289	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product, fast transaction.
1376	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The nook tablet is great. I have used it to check e-mail,browse and look at books,and also transferred one from my p.c. I like the way it will sync with the direction its rotated,and I love the touch screen. Thanks Amazon!
5418	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked great with my meter.

9186	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I think that this is one of the most used toys I own.  Great for taking in  my car to have a fresh sound every week. Great for taking for a jog or  working out in the gym (no skipping).  I only wish they included a ac  adapter plug. Plays music smooth and loud, great mp3 player!
6528	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I still use videotapes for easy, uncomplicated recording of things I don't plan on keeping indefinitely.  I've used two tapes from the pack I bought and they are just fine.  No problems so far.  Am rating 4 rather than 5 only because I haven't been using them long, and I haven't done much re-recording, which is something else I do.  I may buy more before it becomes impossible to buy them!

Would not recommend this product at all.
9195	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I definately agree that the 550 is the best for the money. One small problem that I didn't notice too many people wrote about. I cannot play audio CD's that I have burned. They play in my car's CD player, they play  in a regular CD player, in a portable sony disc man, even in a crappy, old  RCA DVD player with DIVX but not in this expensive sony? Why is that? Is it  an oversight by sony or do they want us to go out and buy one of their cd  players? I figure I already have the fiber optics hooked up to the dvd  player, why not use that> Also, I disagree with others about regular  (non-CD-R) audio cd's. I think the 550 does a great job playing them. All  in all, I would definately recommend this player to anyone in the market,  unless you like mp3's off the net and you want to make your own cd's. I  would look for a DVD player that also reads CD-R's. They're out there. If  you know of a solution or have any questions or comments, please feel free  to write me at sbaschn@yahoo.com

Issue #2: App prices and quantity

Fast-forward to this Black Friday. The FIRST Black Friday when I actually HAVE some money to spend! And I am looking for a really good e-reader! I did come across the Nook on Amazon, and saw the new Nook Simple Touch, which intrigued me, because I wanted to stick with the e-ink display, and not have a full-size touch screen battery killer. Finally, I realized my love for the original Nook had never died, and it still had everything I could ever want in an e-book reader. I was even able to buy one from a vendor here on Amazon, who lived less than half an hour away from me, and it only cost me $50!!! I was SOOOOO excited!!

Miner points that affected my buying decision
5827	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job!
9508	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product. Exactly as described. Would recommend. Would buy again.
4856	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	CD tracks were not advancing on an under-counter Sony CD player we have in our kitchen.  We have had it a long time and probably never cleaned it in any way.  This lens cleaner was very easy to use and worked like a charm after the first try.  I would have to say it exceeded my expectations.

So yeah, seems like I have more negatives than positives, but I can't stress how happy I am with them.  Hope they last.
record on it again. tdk , a leader in vhs tapes and much , much more stood
7432	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Don't be mislead by the pictures. This case is made of cheap-looking black plastic, and part of the outside has a thin layer of grainy (not smooth) aluminum. If you're looking for class look elsewhere. The cover that comes  with the Palm V looks better.
2. With this brand, the second track is only one you need to play if you just want to clean your lens.
4569	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is hard to find a video cleaner. This was cheap and now I can watch my VHS movies again. The only thing is that I wish that the included wet solution was bigger.

6215	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I thought my expensive old Sony CD player was finished - it skipped and sound was not as good.  Allsop restored the player to original good quality.  I highly recommend this product.
4920	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The "wet" solution was dried up, but easily replaced with rubbing alcohol. Works as expected and delivered on time.

2937	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well as described.  No problems.  I am not doing a lot with it, but have burned a few CDs and DVDs without problem.
2603	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	You get what you pay for.  Stay away.  Very, very cheaply made and maybe worked twice, barely.  Cheap enough for me to take a flyer but you're throwing the few bucks away.
9678	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these tapes in my Brother PT-65 for many years to label file folders, boxes, keys, just about anything.  Very handy.

3340	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed
1653	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The book moved at a fast pace throughout and  managed to avoid the over-the-top hero who can do anything clich that seems so prevalent  these days.  Not exactly a "can't put down" but definitely a "couldn't wait to get back to".
This light has only 2 LED's and it is the brightest light I have ever found.  I can maneuver it just right to the side of my laptop and the light shines across the whole keyboard without interfering with the screen.  The gooseneck is of a very good length and I am able to plug it into the cooling pad/USB hub that my laptop sits on and that frees up USB hubs on my laptop.  I can even use the light with my laptop off because I have the cooling pad plugged into it's own power supply.
2718	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Mine came wired as a straight-through connection - not a null-modem! Since its M to F, it's basically a useless, pretty little nub to add into your serial connection. YMMV, but I ended up ordering a null-modem adapter from a more reputable brand.
You won't be disappointed with the content and will become comfortable and productive on your Mac.
8279	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thank you Amazon for quick delivery!!! Great and powerfull product! Now, I clearly see into my hot neighbors bedroom when she don't pull them curtains shut!!! Thank you again Amazon!
4858	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i use this brand because they last me for years. i use them weekly and they have good video and audio qualities.
7515	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Excellent product with a very long cord, blends into any environment and accommodates variety of cables

The product was double-boxed.  The included level was broken. I would prefer to use my own level and have good hardware instead of junk on both counts.  One of the pivots on the arm was so badly rusted out of the box it seemed to compromise the whole system.  Despite 6 huge lag screws and strong arms, the joints are not strong enough to keep the mount level as it extends and articulates.  Each time I moved it it had to be re-adjusted to be level.  The hardware had to be tightened so much to keep it from wobbling, it made moving it very difficult.  I used a 26" tv.
8978	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am amazed with this tripod , it's light and east to set up . the bag is nice too. I can't believe it's so good for such a low price !!


1840	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this , as well as 'Lego Mindstorms NXT; One-Kit Wonders',. He seems to like both books.
4912	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just as described.

4773	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yes i have ancient tech. I have 2 dvd-vhs players (stop laughing). they no longer make VHS tapes i believe. So get these while they last. they work well and are easy to use.
1150	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great so far, daughter loves it

I sent another FLAME subject line, REPLACE OR REFUND, and this time got a human response, who took down all my sales information, my sales invoice, model, serial number, credit card and address ... then never sent the RIN!!!


I have unintentionally dropped my Palm from considerable heights on a variety of surfaces (brick, hard wood floor, etc.), and both the case and, more importantly, the Palm itself have come out completely unscathed.
4354	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works just like my shorter cables only with more optional length.  A good price for adding distance flexibility for camera to TV hookup when viewing pictures.

i recommend it
408	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love the flexbility of my tv viewing angle.
This product never disappointed me for labeling folders and some asset lists i label them.
2004	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Learning how to use my camera wasn't the easiest thing in the world. I read, underlined, and made notes and tabs in my manual. This, however, I carry in my bag and it reminds me what I'm supposed to be doing. Some simple things, I learned from this card rather than searching it out in the manual. It made learning my camera so much easier, and it's just a fold-up card I stick in the pocket of my camera bag and refer to when I need it.
The "User's Manual" warns against using the Operating System to copy a disk. Use the Iomega "Copy Machine" program. Right click on the ZIP drive to select the Iomega "Format" function. Use "Short Format" to delete all data on an Iomega disk. The "Long Format" repairs a drive with errors, converts from another format, or removes all passwords. "Write Protection" protects against writing over data, a password can protect against both reading and writing files. You can also flag the ZIP drive as "non-removable" so it appears like a hard drive. The manual has the details.
If my old Fuji was a nifty PT  Boat, then my Nikon Coolpix 950 is an aircraft carrier.  The high 1600x1200  resolution mode is stunning to view on my PC.  I find myself wondering if  my HP color printer is now the weak link in producing the best quality  shots.
 Battery lasts an average of 7-8 days
  With all the included  features taken into consideration,  I'd say the Sharp 722 is the biggest  value in portable audio out there today. Compare it with many of Sony's  units, and you'll find it's more feature packed, more user friendly, more  durable, and much more economical. I would highly recommend this unit for  anyone looking for a high quality music solution.
The only con is that I wish the USB plug was smaller and didn't take up so much space.  All in all I love it and it is just what I have been looking for for a long time.
9217	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The Mavica MVC-73 is a good low end camera.  If I want to blow up my pictures to 16X20, I use my 35mm SLR.  Megapixel cameras do take better pictures but they require EXPENSIVE memory cards.  The camera takes great shots for web sites and email.  If you shop around, floppies cost almost nothing.  With a rebate, I bought 100 floppies.  I put 10 of them in a bag and I took over 200 photos. (It would have cost me hundreds of dollars to save that many pictures on memory cards.) They used up less room than two rolls of film.  The recharable battery lasts forever and I can go out and take hundreds of photos without having to dump the memory card.  Achiving the photos uses little disk space on my hard drive.  The camera is very easy to use and in the long run pays for itself on the savings on film development, batteries or extra memory.  I give copies of disks right on the spot and the camera is very reliable. If you are looking for a good "snapshot" camera, this is a good one.  The other reviews mention the good and bad points of the camera so there is no need to mention them again.  This is a great camera for real estate or onsite documentation and great for the 100000000 pictures of the baby or the family picnic.  It's a fun, simple and easy to use camera. How many pictures do you wind up enlarging?  I run my favorites on my screensaver and they look great.
5255	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	GOT THESE FOR MY WIFE IN SCHOOL . WELL I JUST GOT A LESON IN THAT IF ITS A CHEAP PRICE ON AMAZON ITS JUNK.
In my opinion, it doesn't matter how excellently a story is written if we are led down dead end paths which do not include the protagonist. In crafting a believable story, the writer should understand that the reader feels cheated and bewildered when we don't know where we're going, there isn't any light at the end of the tunnel, and we're in the company of a character we do not know.
8906	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it works, buy it
Great customer service
6130	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This seller is bad, the cable works sometimes and sometimes it DOES NOT work.
While it's designed for a large round conference table or a suitable classroom, I have this hanging on my wall for my many electronics. (There are two wall mounts built in the base) A Green light in the middle lets me know this is powered up.  The round design provides for more space between outlets EXCEPT for plugs that are required to be placed inward rather than outward.

2771	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As a longtime Moleskine user, I was very excited when I learned they made a Kindle case.  I have not been disapointed.  It's a sturdy case that looks great and performs well.  It's the first Kindle case I've owned that seems to be a "permanent living space" for my Kindle, if you know what I mean.
536	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nothing fancy, just decent quality and simple installation.  As may have been mentioned, one must discard the provided Phillips screws that the manufacturer provides to affix the bracket to the wall stud.  Use your own.  The TV I mounted with it is an older flat-panel, so it's a little heavier than the news ones.  This thing isn't fazed, and stays where I put it.
3966	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good
Would have been nice if it was mentioned in the Head Title that this device needs battery to function....
No maps.
4667	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I use these type of adapters in my car because my cars are old.  I think they work much better than the radio type.  This one works well.
6744	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Hey it is an extension cable. Works good



If you just want to look like a policeman when using your radio you shouldn't have a problem.
On top of those problems, consider the very concept of the electronic book.  While you will pay close to the same price you'd pay for a real book on sale, you won't own the book - you'll have a license to use it.  When you're finished with the book, maybe you'd like to be able to loan it to a relative or friend, but you can only do that if they have a Nook and you can loan it for two weeks only.  I suppose when the two weeks is up, the borrower sees the book disappear, finished or not.
855	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	POS. keeps losing signal to whatever I attach it to

1744	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works

1639	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	An interesting read, apparently the first of a series, I'm guessing it gets more entrenched in the supernatural as each volume goes on - this one dances about it, getting somewhat deeper into it towards the end.
1494	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sorry Kindle, but the Nook is my book. I studied the various ereaders and tablets trying to decide what to spend my money on. Loved the idea of an iPad, but $600 is ridiculous for books, and it's size prohibits simple everyday usage. Android tablets seem too fickle and the technology is changing daily, without being upgradeable.
8327	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the best pointing device you can get.  It might look like an alien, but it performs exceptionally well, even though it may have been designed for a right hand a bit smaller than mine.
8172	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm not sure there's a whole lot you can say about network leads, but I'll try anyway:
7977	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works as designed.
3718	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my 7D MK II..
5113	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had this radio for a year now.  I use it most mornings for 20 - 30 minutes, and I'm still on the original batteries.  I have it hanging on the shower wall where it occasionally gets splashed.  I haven't had any trouble at all with it not being waterproof.  I think the sound is good quality, and the digital tuner and pre-set buttons are easy to use.  I like the one touch on/off button as well.  I would highly recommend it, and would like one for our second bathroom as well.  For the price, it's a real bargain!
4519	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does its job. Old VCR clear again.

3223	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	they seemto work fine
3264	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this on March 4th, 2014. Suddenly even thought the Storage in settings showed the card with used and free space, no app could find any files on it. Had to dismount, remove it and reinsert it for it to work, BUT it is erratic! While in the middle of playing mp3s on it, all the files disappeared.. This is happening over and over. Very disappointing!
I don't want to give too much of the story away, just know that I found Nightingales journey of discovery to be fascinating and the philosophical elements interesting and provocative. It's not just a story about self-discovery, but a journey into the unknown and uncertain. It's also a story that is at times heart-wrenching. Regardless, I look forward to the second book.
1395	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It's been said in countless reviews on Amazon - the NOOK Tablet really is worthless, unless you are willing to "root" it. This allows the user to take advantage of the NOOK's android operating system, which brings a lot of android/google apps into play. Otherwise, you will be handcuffed by B&N and the extremely limited add-ons that they offer. Bottom line - if you are looking for an eReader with tablet capabilities, stay away from the NOOK.
4357	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These work great to charge my Samsung Galaxy S4.  I needed a few extra cables so i didn't always have to carry one around between home and office to charge my phone.  i ordered 2 and they are great.
7867	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good Buy at this price.
5469	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for marking cables that sit in my cable box.  Red I use for regular USB, yellow for mini-USB, blue for speaker-to-mp3, so on.  Then I can just grab the tie and drag it out of the box rather than having to check each cable end.
2320	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Not a true 2.1A charger. If you are going on an 8 hour trip it might charge your ipad but don't expect to be able to listen to it at the same time.
1121	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Need to clean the screen when the touchscreen stops responding - otherwise perfect.
4192	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You can never have too many Micro SD Cards laying around... Cell phones, AceKards and Cameras rejoice!
7401	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered micro cassettes and got these, I was angered by the miscommunication and went with another seller, got exactly what I wanted so I am happy. I did not try these out. I don't have a standard cassette recorder.
3147	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Finally got my old fax/printer unit to work with all my computers! The unit is tiny, has a mounting slot on back if you need it, and a decent owners manual. First install had to delete printer and follow directions exactly (except for the typo on the label said ip 192.168.0.10, should be X.X.1.10)
4605	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The primary reason that I decided to rate this item, is the fact that I have had it for a couple years now and it is used daily to interface in the car with my iPod into a cassette deck. It has worked flawlessly for all of this time so it is primarily a testament to a well built or well executed product. You will not regret the small investment which will return big dividends in satisfaction.
While it costs the same as the Kindle, the nook is loaded with extra features: WiFi, color LCD, removable battery, expandable memory, more open book formats.  You can customize your nook with your own photos to create personal screen savers and lend between nook, iPhone, a PC and a Mac.
Recording over used tapes means 1) forfeiting the memories you have previously captured and 2) risking a poor taping of
206	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cute! Bought 2 for my daughter. I thought it was for instant camera photos because it was on the "suggested items" where I bought a instant camera case.  Oh well, she likes it so I'm ok with that.  They are nice.

8637	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	a necessary accessory for working in the field
Sideloading my pdf ebooks onto my nook was an easy experience. However, you can't categorize your documents; you can only sort them by title or author.
btw, if you have an ereader, you should also get the free cross-platform ebook app, calibre - it is an *essential* ereader companion, and can be used to convert DRM-free ebooks to nearly any format for nearly all ereaders, include the new Nook Simple Touch!

This light blue cord is exactly what I needed and is listed at an exceptional $2.75. With Amazon Prime this is like spending the quarters you find in your couch cushions.
6890	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted a radio to listen to NPR for a few minutes in the morning without putting on the stereo.  I did not want a CD or tape player.  This is a good little basic radio and I am pleased with it.
2059	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great little light
5454	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A regular long ethernet cord that shows no signs of wear. However, it does not catch in ethernet slots (it sometimes slips out).
4091	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This cable felt "hollow"... it felt like they forgot to include any shielding in it, like it only contained a few thinly insulated wires.  I couldn't get higher than 720p resolution to work, and I tried it with multiple displays and multiple sources.  When a signal would come through, it was very "noisy" as you would see with a display using DVI with a loose connection.
Here are the pros and cons - hope this helps.
7293	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	and it's screw handles are ribbed and very easy to grasp.

I give it four stars instead of five for three reasons:
3513	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Some problem being used " by " my S4 but could just be me.  One 32 gig card was bad though.

Most of all, I think I enjoyed the book because it touches on the topic of ministerial burn-out. It is something that happens in church often but no one really seems to offer any solutions. The book, even thought it's a fictional account, shows a pretty realistic picture of how ministers get trapped in doing the Lord's work but not hearing from Him. I found myself going from rooting for Alistair to turn things around to being angry that he couldn't see how far he'd gone from what God intending.
2887	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	good
Will certainly purchase Kensington surges again.
I would highly recommend.
5083	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Reception is outstanding.  Easy to set up stations.  Timed on/off is automatic. Easy to read display. Great sound for a mono speaker.  Battery life is amazing.  Worth the price.  I would happily repeat the purchase if I manage to wreck this radio.
So...as much as I can, I add to my SD card & voila! no more warnings...even after all that I have in there, I still have between 28-29GB of room open...I don't think I will EVER be able to use it all up lol.
9906	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best value anywhere online.  Suits my needs perfectly.  Quality product and excellent price.  Hard to beat that combination anywhere else (online or retail).
At this writing, there is still some back stock out there, but you'd better move quickly, because when that's gone, there probably won't be any more Nook HD+ models.

DHP
1128	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was going to deploy to my third deployment to Iraq in 2011 and I wanted some way to read all my books. As you may know, space is precious when you're talking about military gear. We were very strict on what we could or could not bring on the deployment. Also I need something that could go a long time on a single charge. None of the full tablets were going to cut it and than I discovered the paper white. It claims that you can go several weeks on a single charge (or was it months) I can't remember since it's been son long. There were times on my last deployments where we went almost a month without any electricity. After a successful deployment I can defiantly say that this nook proved it was up to the task. I don't think I charged it more than twice and the second charge was just because I had the time and means. The tablet was also very well built. As you may know, Iraq has lots of sand. There were even a few times where I dropped the tablet in the sand. The device kept on trucking and did not give up.

ENDS FOR PRINTER AND COMPUTER DIFFERENT The USB end that is for the printer if you look in the photo, is the small end to the left.  It is only about 3/16" wide and shorter than that.  The USB end for the computer is the big end to the right in the picture(about 3/8" wide and shorter than that).
8570	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I had this delivered with an Amazon Fresh order to extend the connection between my desktop and monitor. I hooked it up and experienced shadow/ghosted video. I tried moving the cable around, avoiding other cables, etc. but noting improved the display. The ghosting is so bad that it gives me a headache to read text on the screen for several minutes. Judging by other reviews, it must be hit and miss on the quality for these cables. If I could rate this a zero, I would have.  This will be going in the garbage.
2091	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect little clip on light.  Not that bright but does not cause eye strain either.  Stays put once clipped.
2926	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	So my drive seemed to work one time, but in reality it did nothing, it was unable to write to a disk, and it could not read a disk that was readable everywhere else.  After trying different blank media, as well as disks with data, I found it did not really work at all, it id's all disks as blank.
If you are tired of carrying a wallet and a phone case taking up valuable pocket space, this is what you need.
3620	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my entry level GoPro hero
5562	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good Product and different colors come in handy for using a certain color for a specific device, they are priced right so like me I bought 5 packs that way I have 5 ties of the same color.
Got double, price was outstanding, they aren't making them much anymore and hard to fine since most of us use CS' or download on iPads, phones.

1716	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Irrefutable kept me reading all the way. Dale Roberts knows how to tell a story and he makes it hard to put down. I liked the characters and the twists and turns along the way. Good job, I hope we see more from this author.
Run cleaner with fresh fluid twice to get maximum benefit.
5545	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can one say about an ethernet cable? This is well made and works properly when plugged in. Reasonable value and I will order Belkin cables again
6702	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great extension cable.  Nice and think not flimsy and an excellent length.  Does the job.
8844	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I don't think the little pockets can hold anything but little reminder notes. The case is functional and, for the price, is a good buy. When closed, it will protect your device against most falls.
7591	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really like this power strip. It came 15 ft. long, exactly what I needed.
Jack considers it all hocus pocus.  Who would believe that the devil is coming to collect Jack's soul when he turns thirty-three, just a mere two weeks away? Not Jack, that's for sure, until friends of his begin winding up dead.
1- The touch screen is sluggish, you need to use it slower than using other touch devices, this is either buggy hardware or CPU is too slow.
7711	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
5208	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The one i got was used but it work good and look brand new. Had easy time with set up. The sound was good and recorded sound was good.
1. Get three sets of NiMH rechargeable AA batteries--this thing eats batteries for breakfast.  2. Get a bigger CF memory card, at least 48MB.  3. Get a USB/PC card reader for the CF card--the serial connection is _painfully_ slow.  4. Download the .PDF file from Nikon's site which goes into a little more detail what the controls do.  5. Get this book! :)...

8059	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Gets the job done! I haven't had any issues with connectivity and the cable is a good length. Even better it was an add on for just a couple bucks.

1441	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My son likes it means it's a good buy.
2025	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This light works well with the Kindle Touch. It isn't too heavy or bulky. It has one light brightness setting (on/off). The battery required is a single AAA. This doesn't last as long as I would have liked. There is no optional AC adapter. The larger Mighty Bright has two light settings and an AC adapter option, I own that as well to use with hard cover books. The Mighty Bright has a snug fit and doesn't fall off or shift position unexpectedly. If the battery didn't have to be replaced so often, I would have given it 5 stars.
5975	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality, Great price
1450	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Update 2-Sep-13:
9068	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great cleaner
2713	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a null modem adapter.  Build looks fine.
3446	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This charger looks and works exactly like the original one that came with my Nexus 7. Perfectly fine product overall.

3556	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Mine started to give problems from day one, but I kept it to give it the benefit of the doubt, and 6 months later it went bad.
5306	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I got these headphones in June. By August the sound in one ear was cutting out. I could move the wire and get it back temporarily. Fine, if you don't move your head. Now it's October and the sound in that ear is gone for good. That good price for noise cancelling headphones, isn't so great for only 5 months. Guess they are meant to be disposable.
EDIT:  Added one more picture to clarify which pins I had to shunt together.
The unit comes with a number of parts. Included in the box is the radio, the little antenna that connects to the radio, two battery boxes, the car adapter, a charger, and the instruction booklet.
3177	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Buyer beware - this thing is a pain to setup, and I say this as a 15yr tech professional with two CS degrees.  I don't have a Windows machine in my house which further complicated things.  Documentation is shoddy, there are no good software tools to ease setup - its not for the faint of heart.
3865	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	its awsoooooooooome , i connect it with samsung LED and the picture is craaaaazy `mashallah` , i`m very happy becouse this produce
All payments and transactions go directly thru Amazon. We are unable to do anything with the order. If you have any questions regarding this issue, you will have to contact Amazon directly.

9349	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got my wife the Brother P-Touch labeler (PT-1200 I think) to use in organizing things; primarily the 50 or so 18-gallon plastic tote bins we use to store things in the basement and garage.
8486	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I expected more from this microphone after reading the reviews. After-all this is only a mic; there is no headset which might make it worth the purchase. The mic boom is flimsy and can not even stay in position without scotch tape. I could not test the mute feature since the amazon dealer did not send that part. And as for the mic quality I could careless because it is unwearable. This makes the product useless for me. I hope others have a better experience.
4024	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Garmin Nuvi (can't remember the model number) with lifetime map updates, a 5 inch screen, and live traffic updates.  It works great to update the US & Canada Maps because you need about 1.6GB to update those!
-Love that it has a notebook, unfortunately it's not a standard size which makes this a minus as well.
The character, writing his "Book of Tom", has an acerbic wit and is right out of the Little Rascals. Some of his childhood antics are funny.  He can be obnoxious at times but that is all part of why the story works.
The OK
3429	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. I only wish that Samsung actually has a program built in, that could help transfer files into the device without me having to search frantically for one in the Play Store. If they're gonna have an option for external devices, you'd think they'd actually have a program built into the phone to control it.
2484	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works with my samsung galaxy s3.

-  Play mpeg videos
  There's is a somewhat peculiar skill involved in learning how to wrap these things around a bundle of cables and getting them tight, but once you figure it out, it's very simple and you can get them very tight if you want.  I've never had one come lose on its own, so they're also very reliable.  Basically I'd recommend this type of cable tie to anyone, and this particular product from Belkin has worked well for me.
8628	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Not enough protection.
Perfect b'day gift for my mom in Denver, she loves hers.  So now I am shopping for a new one for my self, this one I am keeping!  40 dollars is a great price offered here at Amazon. You can't go wrong.

7842	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice cord.
Cons:  Price
8925	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great quality cable, I wouldn't buy anything of a lesser quality and it has the stubs on the end to protect the connector that often breaks off....
9107	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	keeps dvr clean and we use it often.  it helps because the dvd's can get stuck if not used all the time.
Later note, September 2015 (6 months after purchase):
Because Barnes and Noble has removed features I value from the newer Glowlight, we will keep trying until we get two of these Simple Touch with Glowlights that work without tears.  It seems to be a defect which appears in some of the Simple Touch with Glowlights, but not others.  For us, it is worth the hassle of going through a few until we get good ones.  I have so many books which are not Barnes and Noble that I would immediately fill the .5G allowed for non-Barnes and Noble content on the new Glowlight.  I could live without the page turn buttons (though I would miss them), but I will not buy a Nook without the expandable memory unless I have absolutely no other option.  As long as these are on Amazon - and I can get a warranty - I have an option.
3503	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice, did all the work
Wire Coil is heavily coated with a strong audio connector
 Here is where it can get interesting. The binoculars come with a pleather carrying case, a really cheap neck strap that looks like a plastic shoelace, and a cheap cleaning cloth that is way too abrasive to be used everyday. I suggest replacing both the neck strap and cleaning cloth as soon as you can. The soft, microfiber cloths they sell in eyeglass stores works great. Plus, pick up some of the eyeglass cleaner (spray directly onto cloth, not lens) as it really gets the lens clean and protects any coating on the glass.
7189	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this for my mother who thew away the box. I would be sending this product back because it does not work! It doesn't even have a range of 6 feet! At 5 feet it has so much noise on the modem it would not work. We then payed to put in a phone line instead, that works!
3897	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome still using the same sd card since I ordered it.. thanks
9498	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised!
4303	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Very poor quality product. none of them worked. I also ordered the amazon cables...they work great. This product is a waste of money.
6327	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It fit the need.  Good quality wiring.
> Nice swiveling connector.  With a key-type clip or "caribiner" (not included) can easily attach to beltloops, etc.  Alternatively, an easy way to carry the player is from a short light neckcord.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/COSMOS-5-pcs-Black-Neck-Strap-Band-Lanyard-For-Camera-Cell-phone-mp3-mp4-and-other-Lightweight-Electronic-Devices/dp/B005F77Z9C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">COSMOS 5 pcs Black Neck Strap Band Lanyard For Camera, Cell phone, mp3, mp4 and other Lightweight Electronic Devices</a>
I plugged one of these into the Ethernet of my router and then directly into the wall (do not plug it into anything but the wall, apparently surge protectors and the likes slow these things down or just don't work at all). The other one was plugged into my bedroom was and then the ethernet was run to my computer. They sync'd on their own and began working, no work on my part at all.
In reading this story, I found that the storyline so engaging, many a time, I found it easy to forget I was reading a novel instead watching movie playing out in my mind. And there is no doubt, if someone was looking for a novel that's extremely hard to set down once you've started, this is the one to get!
If my review did not answer any questions, leave a comment below and I will try my best to answer your question.
Cole's explanation for why he did not call Jake "Dad", or something similar, was bothersome to me. The story did not really explain why or when Cole switched to calling his father by his name. I figured that he must have called him `Daddy' when a baby as the adults would have ensured this. His brother, Sean, calls Jake, "Dad." So, the explanation Cole gives his sons seemed like something contrived by an adult to earn points with his kids, rather than something based in reality, especially given the story he reads to them with his father's part in it.



689	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well worth the money would buy again and suggest item built as good as the ones in the stores for double the money
2924	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this and it works great!
(1) Lip synch problems. The audio and video streams will unpredictably go out of synch from time to time, requiring you to stop the dics and restart to get the streams back in synch.
2925	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	VERY GOOD
Now, the glowlight is essential if you want to read in bed with a wife or partner and not wake them up with a nightstand lamp...this is PERFECT for that.

6875	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	as expected it works - big surprise huh? I suppose there is USB cable out there that doesn't work but shopping carefully and a little bit of luck usually amounts to customer satisfaction
Sound quality:  They have dirty-over emphasized mids.  Basically if you boost the treble and bass significantly, you might not notice how bad they sound.  On a side note, they actually appear to have a soundstage.  Weird right?  They might actually use angled drivers, I don't know, and I can't open them to find out.  The earpads are glue/taped to the sides.
Update: Its been a few months, the server works 100%.  Have not had to reset it, or lost a single line of print.  Generally it sees about 2 or 3 pages of print daily, but yesterday it printed 50 pages of flyers with no problem.  You just can't ask for more.

7460	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great item.  I tried three different 'soft' cases and always had a problem with the Palm coming on and beeping while it was in my pocket.  Give this baby FIVE STARS!

9999	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with this radio.
477	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased 4 of these for various sized TV's from a 37" to a 55".  A couple of things to be cognizant of:  First, make sure you center the mount on the wall in a closed position and look where the TV will actually be when hung and second, make sure you have a helper!
3860	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The card, the seller, and Amazon were great in this transaction.  A word of caution, though.  Many, MANY devices will not recognize a 4 gB SD card; the format really has an upper size limit of 2 gB.  Be sure your device will read/write/recognize this size SD / micro SD before purchasing.
Fortunately, a 4gb microSD card cost me a measly $5. Even better, memory card integration is seamless.
849	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works very well!
8508	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
9334	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
Overall:

7046	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Inexpensive compared to cables at Best Buy.
3592	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect my son loved it
6219	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this thinking it had a circuit that would convert a DB15 legacy analog joystick/gamepad to a USB HID Joystick, but it turns out that the USB circuitry is already in the Microsoft Sidewinder Precision Pro joystick (and some of the early models didn't have USB). This contains no circuitry and is only a wire pass-through connection -- that's why it won't work with other joysticks. To make matters worse, it lacks a critical connection that puts the joystick into USB mode. You have to tie pins 2 and 7 together, so in order to get it to work, you *must* mod the connector or the controller itself. Had I know this, I would've just cut off the DB-15 connector (the interfaces for this aren't supported anymore anyway) and soldered on a USB connector per these instructions: http://www.wikihow.com/Transform-Your-15-Pin-(Gameport)-Microsoft-Sidewinder-Precision-Pro-Into-a-USB-Joystick
2981	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I am using it with a laptop with no DVD/CD and it works well but is a little slow as might be expected. A real help since no CD/DVD in my laptop. Have downloaded a number of programs without difficulty. Have had for two months.

2- First device I got was defective, not a good sign, hopefully the second one is better.
8810	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good quality, good audio and made by Motorola. Was going for a ear cover design but this is way sleeker.
4722	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you still have  a old VCR--this is what you need --works well--just follow instructions
The bag is not too bulky, rather compact with padding.  The zippers function very well.  The pockets designed such that I don't have to worry about things falling out.  Overall, a very good bag to take along with the camera and recharging supplies.


The interference rejection however is better in the Sony because of  the Sony's synch detector, if interference of strong stations is a  consideration, or if ``selective fading,'' common on shortwave or twilight  AM broadcasting, where the carrier fades below the sidebands causing  distortion, is a problem.  This is also solved by synch detection.
1869	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	very pleased with the quality, especially that you can use the on/off button without fiddling with the cover :)
1216	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product shipped quickly, and arrived slightly ahead of schedule, even from the other side of out country.
1292	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I already own a Wi-Fi + 3G Kindle and had compared reviews between the Nook and Kindle extensively, before buying the Kindle.  But because the Nook allows you to borrow books from the local library for free, and my wife was hogging the Kindle, I decided to try a Nook, at a reduced price.  While the Kindle is clearly a superior product, (lighter, faster, easier to use and much longer battery life), I found the Nook okay at the price I paid.
5853	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The real deal. Fast and friendly. I will continue to purchase products from this retailer. At times, I worry about making a purchase online, site unseen. I don't want to open my box, only to find a knockoff or an inferior product. I'm happy to write to other prospective patrons reading this review, that I received only the original brand with the expected materials. Only the best at the best price. Thank you so very much. Best.

Not happenin'.
3809	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as escribed. Shiiping container damaged but no harm to the charger. I use it to charge my Garminwhen I use it at home.
1236	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Nook simple touch had made me a fan of reading. I used to be on and off before but never consistent. The fact that it comes with a 2G hard drive and then a micro SD slot makes it easy to start a large library. The weight of it is real light and very easy to use and navigate through. Nothing fancy it just read books and if you got Wifi you can go to the store and look at the endless collection B&N has.
There is very slight seam, which is to be expected when buying "cheap"" crystal. The way it is positioned, along with the pattern on the glass, makes it barely noticeable. You will only see it if you really search for it. I am picky and I usually never buy any type of crystal or glass that has a seam - this was the first time and it was only because it isn't noticeable and the price was too good to pass up.
The hunt for his missing daughter takes place over five action-packed days, pitting him against a cardboard crew of "snakeheads" (human traffickers) who bring Chinese into England illegally, and keep them trapped in a life of indentured servitude/slavery. A secondary storyline follows one of these smuggled-in workers as his naive faith in his new life slowly unravels as he in separated from his wife and set to manual labor. He happens to speak some English, which sets him apart from the other Fujian laborers he's placed with, and through a series of misadventures, ends up as the cop's hostage/sidekick. They make a very fun odd couple as they race around the countryside trying to locate the snakeheads. Lewis does a great job presenting their Chinese point-of-view, which has to feel authentic for the book to work. Unfortunately, he also employs an awkward framework that switches between three different narrative viewpoints and several different timelines, making for some confusing reading at times. Other flaws include the villains, who have virtually no depth to them at all, and a plot twist toward the end that pretty much every reader will see coming a mile away.

I do have a problem with this bag and that is that it seems like the accessories on there are really stuffed onces your camera is placed inside it. Because the camera comes with the USB Cable and the tv connection cable and it's hard to  pack all of them in here with the camera without stuffing them in.....
4940	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Been having trouble with both my PC DVD drive and video recorder in getting a good clean start and/or play/record. Put this in today and followed instructions and after just 30-45 seconds, removed the cleaner disc and tried some prerecorded discs that have given me trouble in the past. No problems now!!! everything I tried out started up lickety split and played perfectly. Probably saved me from ordering a new DVD drive for the PC. Should have had one of these discs months or years ago. Highly recommended.
8153	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	still doin' it's job just fine - what more can you axe for out of a cable?  I think the price was good too
6370	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's a piece of cat5 with snagless ends.  It is blue in color and approximately three feet in length.  Good for making short patch connections.  Nothing wrong with it at all I would purchase more if needed.
1404	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have the original Nook and I had to use a night light when I read at night. This one has a light to read by. I bought this Nook because the author Jude Devereaux does v-books and you have to have a Nook color or HD to buy the book.
2211	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived today, very well packaged. I really lights up the book, when used at night. Very light and compact, would recommend this to everyone.

5144	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Can not find the tapes in the stores anymore. Took a chance and ordered eight of them. Very pleased with price and delivery. Could not ask for a better deal on this product. Thank You!
4123	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Piece of junk. Cannot get signals at the other end at all. Even adding a hdmi booster has no help.
This is another biggy for most ebook people, with the Nook you can change the battery out should you A) want extended reading times without charge, or B) if the original battery dies for some reason.  Many of the other readers on the market do not allow this, which means they are bricked if the battery dies and will either have to be repaired or replaced.
4537	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Once I got into the mp3 thing, I needed to find a way to play this stuff in my car.  The Radio Crap cassette adapter ($20) failed miserably, as in my car (BMW) the auto-reverse mechanism would kick in, I would get a "tape error" message, and the unit would shut down.
2. Wifi Connectivity:
337	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as described, even fully extended.

1032	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my EVO 4G LTE.  It gave my phone more storage space than the iPhone (including the non-removable storage on my phone).

4262	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well
7267	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Neat little addition to my car.
- It's actually an HDMI cable! lol
6240	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it is suppose to do.
348	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The mount is very sturdy and installation was a breeze.  However, I do have a few gripes:
But the sound is huge and there is much less AM buzzing (pretty much none!)than I've experienced with the half-dozen other radios I've tried in my house over the years.
1827	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Loved, loved, loved this book!  After reading, "Country Heaven", I became an instant Ava Miles fan.  I haven't found an author's books I enjoyed reading since Kathleen E. Woodiwiss.
Charger plug is very tight on both of my models. Perhaps it will loosen up over time. Never had a tablet exhibit this in the past.
394	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice wall mount for flat screen televisions small to larges. The swivel mounts are very durable.
2862	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	its ok
4151	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is great. It came on time and ive had it for quite a while now. It holds a lot of music and photos and ive never had a problem with getting my songs on it or any problems at all. I use the adapter in my stereo as well
5361	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Got what I ordered, couldn't be better than that.


9907	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The tape arrived prior to the date and worked as advertised...no problem, ever though it was used in a used PT-80 bought on Amazon.com.
144	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought a cheaper model from eBay which did not work.  This unit works just great...

3060	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product offers 2usb for older computers mine only needed the small usb a to b cable, built well for 20ish use with win 8 tablet synced right up
901	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	San Disk always has good products.  This one is no exception and the price was right.  Highly recommend them
With one arm I held the TV (heavy!). The other arm was trying to attach some small screws connecting the TV to the mount. It took quite an effort to hold the TV for that long. Certainly having two people installing this would be waaaay easier :-)
Other than a couple unbelievable scenarios, due to the characters as presented to us (such as, this character would not do THIS), I did truly like it and will read other books by this author.
4644	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this several years ago so my daughter could listen to her iPod through the family car radio which does not have an AUX input.
They're heavy - but that's what I expected, so no complaints there.
- Looks and feels like a Moleskine
Cons:
4990	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a good wet cleaner. Works great and cleans the tape head so you no longer see static. Simple to use and can be used many times.
6409	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What more can you ask for but a high quality low cost ethernet cable.  They work and I am happy.
680	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm using this with my 32" tv and I love it. The price is significantly lower than what you can find for monitor wall mounts in the retail stores (walmart, best buy).
I would not recommend the nook to anyone trying to use it for school where .pdf's are the only format available.  The problem is not nook/Kindle, but the way .pdf's are created.  They don't have the necessary information encoded to be able to convert them to other e-reader formats and retain their .pdf look.  If you are going to save any documents for conversion to .epub format, don't use .pdf.  I have found saving as .HTML renders a perfectly acceptable .epub file when converted, including diagrams and charts when archiving web pages, for example.

Notes:
6686	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	its a great cable and the 3.0 is good for the 4.0 panda wireless
** EDIT 2015/10/09 **
7029	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i use it to extend the usb link wireless to my wireless router from my camper, the usb 2.0 link needs to be out side the camper, it gets 48-54 & on a n link 120 but the usb2.0 to ide drive drivers messed with that links working, the net gear link, when it got hot in my house trailer & ac wasn't working right, because of roof was old type of roofing the new type reflects heat helped in cooling, the camper was cooler, i stayed there wireless link was to week to run stuff now i can do any thing i want as i was inside, on cabled line! yes it works fine thanks gregg
- It would have been better if the clip swiveled on the back of the mic as everyone doesn't like to clip the mic on their shoulder lapel or collar. I prefer the mic in front of me and being able to swivel the clip would have been a major plus.
1604	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bad Traffic is a kind of modern-day noir thriller:  instead of set in 1950s Los Angeles, though, it's set in present-day Britain.  Instead of featuring hard-boiled private eyes and gangster dames, it features a tough Chinese police officer who comes to Britain to investigate his daughter's disappearance.  He's thrust into a world of illegal immigrants, Chinese gangsters and the restaurant industry, where he doesn't speak the language, is running out of money, and can't figure out what has really happened to his daughter.  Inspector Jian ends up with an illegal immigrant named Ding Ming as his hapless sidekick; Ding Ming speaks English and serves as translator and mapreader while Jian follows the trail left by his daughter.
7258	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As described and got if quickly.  Well made and looks great at my front entrance.  A like pricy but could not find anything like this in my area.
Google is selling those for way too much, they will not get my money for such overpriced item.
3980	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good sd card
7708	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We have SO many things to plug in these days, and I needed a source that was near the couch in my living room. This looked like just the thing! It arrived very quickly, and I put it to good use immediately. Aside from being colorful and attractive, it is exactly what I needed. It reduced my stress level simply by allowing me to charge my phone, while having it nearby. It is tucked underneath my end-table and fits nicely. My cords are not all tangled, and I feel secure, since our electricity has a tendency to go in and out quite frequently. I am very happy with this product.
1676	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Dont diss this book. It was a heart warming story that gave a real perspective of a terrifying war. I know what searching for someone that you know deep down won't return feels like. My best friend died an I am still searching as young Connie and lovable Charlie-mouse did for Malcolm

5166	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like the business attitude of these folks....Great and genuine concern for their customers satisfaction....I will do businees again with them...Keep up the great work!
No skipping and great image quality.
The Mac system has become so elaborate and capable over the years so that I'm not on top of many parts of the system as I used to be.  Thus, for many aspects of the system, it was good to see this book's first steps for how to use a feature, or turn a capability on or off, that I haven't yet dealt with myself.  However, content does not go beyond the first steps, so an experienced Mac user may want a different, more thorough, Mac OS book.  This book is ideal for new-to-the-Mac users.
9318	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as promised. If you have a labeler that this is for, why are you reading this? Just buy it already. lol.
5864	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cleaned car audio player very good, crisp sounds
3478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a cable.  It allows power to be transfered from and outside source to my Nexus 7.  It functions exactly as advertised.
859	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Functional.

6311	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	functions as expected

9674	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
 regarding this product is based on my personal experience with the product.
5507	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Of all the Cables Ties we've used, tried to use and thrown away, these are the best for keeping Cables manageable for Meetings on the Go! Whether coiling LAN Cables, Mic or HDMI Cables - Really helps in overall organization of Meeting A/V Gear! A few lose their sewn on black tabs but only when a heavy handed User gets carried away. Otherwise, these will last and last unless they get misplaced. Too short for Electrical Extension cords.

Still, it's a heck of a radio for remote areas, for camping trips, or if you want to know how well a radio can work if somebody at the company gives a darn.
5636	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You can never have enough Velcro cable ties.  I use them for everything.  I also have plenty around. Never know when you need one.
5655	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	thanks alot
The Superadio has a plug coiled out of the way in the battery compartment, so you have it if you need it. And since this is no Walkman, you may find yourself able to plug it in more often than you might expect.
Wanted to get the Kindle Fire but it only has 8gb of on tab memory.
4828	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product works fine. Unfortunately my problem was with my CD player and not the disks.
850	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I trust and recommend SanDisk, they are usually the brand I look for first. I use this for my GoPro and have had no issues with it at all.


6829	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used this to extend the USB port off the back of a TV so we wouldn't have to get up anytime it was used.
At 66 and having grown up listening to World War II tales of Burma from my father, I found this book particularly captivating. My father talked about the elephants, the native Kachin, Chindit, Naga, and Burmese peoples, the Imperial Forces, native built bashas, and the jungle and its wildlife. At 90, Dad also found the book quite riveting.
I believe Linda's grandmother and my grandmother were best friends, for she has captured the sights, sounds and smells of my girlhood between the pages of this book regarding the grandmother character.

I highly recommend the Nook. With BN updates coming as quick as they are, I think this device is proving to be THE superior ereader.
Bottom line: The GE superadio is low cost with no extras and big and bulky. The CCradio plus is expensive, has every extra you could want (except a decent handle), more sensitive but does nto sound as good as the GE for music.
4487	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Yes, it's working properly. My VCR began working after 10 years didn't in use.

But speaking for the device itself - I loved it.  The music played cleanly, without interruption, regardless of how much I shook the device.  The buttons on the front are well placed, well labeled, and nicely inset just enough so they still provide easy access, but you don't have to worry about them protruding.  It has all the features you might want including random and repeat.  The display let's me know how much memory I have, what track number is playing, and the time of the song.  There are also various other indicators that are helpfull (battery, etc.).
4190	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This card works fine in my Garmin Nuvi gps as a full size SD card and works just as well in my Sprint phone as a micro SD card. It also works in my wifes Canon camera flawlessly. What more can I say? It works as promised and arrived earlier than promised. That is why I keep coming back to Amazon.com. Did I mention that it was at least $4.00 cheaper than local sources?
6631	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	BE WARNED . . . .
4119	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I used this memory for my phone. It was nice that an adapter was included so that I could use it in my desktop computer. The speed is reasonable and quick enough for my device.
1265	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the Kindle (Wi-Fi) and the original Nook (the B&W one) and tried them out during the return period. While there were things about the Kindle I really liked (features that other reviewers on the Kindle site had written), the one thing that made me choose the Nook was the ability to borrow and read ebooks from my local library. Haven't been back to the library since!
 9-28-06: Still going strong. WX alert is a life saver....
9507	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	this is not a self pealing tape.
3546	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	EXCELLENT PRODUCT
The cover is spooky - I'm not sure about the spider web unless it's meant to signify the abandoned city of Pittsburgh.  The red cats eyes...well you'll read about him in the book.  This would make a kick-ass movie!
3396	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fast shipping and authentic product, really fast loading for games i use i on a R4 chip for my DS Lite works Awesomely, worth the money.
So lps it is for me, but I wanted to hear them in my car, so began this whole trek to get the tapes to sound right. High bias is much more difficult to get right than normal bias, which if you listen through a good stereo, reveals all the definition of a rough sketch on paper. The high bias is pretty accurate, though someday I would wish to maybe improve the class of cassette player I have and see if I can't do even better? Oh well, right now I have a system and it works pretty well.
I have an Epson ET-2550 printer. This printer has a WiFi interface, but it does not support wired network printing. Because of my network configuration I wanted to use wired network printing. The TP-LINK has allowed me to do this.
3604	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are SanDisk chips, do I need to say anything else?  They have served me will for years with no faults.
5626	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As someone with far to many computers anything that helps me tame the mess of wires is welcome.  this fit the bill well and I like the tab that makes them easy to remove.
3298	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great as advertised!
4136	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	not needing to have the monitor or tv so close to the mixing board is awesome, once the uncontrollable crowd hangs around the monitor, instead of the mixing board and computer area, or else your in for a lot of over the shoulder audience, instead let them bother the karaoke star

4952	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These wet cleaners are getting more difficult to find locally, so I bought two when I ordered one for a friend who doesn't have internet access.  Reasonably good quality, complete with cleaning fluid, its a several minute long fiber 'tape' to clean VHS video recording heads and tape path.  I was able to get two of these with shipping for less than the cost of one locally.
The one problem I had with the book is that, despite the thoroughness of the index, some of the topics that PC migrants might look for are missing.  For example, the index has no entry for "screen saver" settings, which I guess are covered under "sleep mode" and energy saving settings.  Hardly a fatal flaw.
4909	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This product does not work!! The voice tells you to go to track 3. well I do that and it just sits there, no voice and no music.
3344	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Always useful, this one for camera use.
291	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my chrome, but it is very different from windows
6413	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Im very happy with these cables, I used them for connecting my home theatre to the net via a switch I installed in my entertainment center. The wires are made of high quality materials and seem to be working great so far.
7918	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work fine.
7134	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's ironic that this came with a warning about the length of USB cables which basically meant to say "Don't use this product" It should be atleast a foot shorter to avoid exceeding the 10 foot maximum described in their warning tag, since all usb devices come with atleast a foot of cable built in (that this extension plugs into) but no matter, I've used it for over a month on a USB webcam with a 6 foot cable built into it which I plugged into this cord and haven't had any problems yet.
9133	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My Samsung DVD Player has started to skip and so I thought I'd give this a try. It's easy to use, just turn on your TV and DVD Player and then insert the disk. It will show you a menu and I just selected the "Clean" function. After about ten seconds, it's done and you can eject the disk. Only time will tell if this really works. The DVD recommends cleaning every ten hours of use. I'll test it out on a few DVD's and report back.
9790	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like its supposed to. Good price makes having a p touch worth the $20

1092	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is great!!  Works perfectly on the DROID Bionic!  After putting it in the phone for the first time I had to reformat the card.  The phone told me the card was damaged before reformatting.  Don't panic if you see that.  Just go in to your phone's settings, storage, SD Card, Unmount SD, and reformat that baby.  Now my phone has 80GB of total storage.  Less than that after formatting, but it's still a ton of space to put all of my music and movies.  Time to convert and load more movies now that I have 27GB left.
7673	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	they seem to work fine ... only tried one but it works without issue  (I ordered one or two extra just to have around so i wouldn't have to re-order and wait for a package)

7690	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	i recently purchased this tape ( 12 pkg. bundle ) because i recently purchased a new dvd/vhs combo and didn't want any old tapes going into it.
6410	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You can feel that this cable is made to last. It ahs durabel tips and they feel strong. This works well with all our needs.
6796	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Unfortunately, this cable is too long to carry a power charge sufficient for a usb-powered external hard drive or to use as an extension to a car charger for a phone or iPod.  It also will not be compatible with a powered usb hub either - I haven't tried it with an unpowered one. However, it's useful for peripherals such as mice and keyboards at least.
7074	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Keep up the good work bringning items one can really afford. Specially on days economy troubles....Love it love it
These headphones helped to stop that.

Im not an audiophile so I cant give you stats & freq #s but I enjoy my music, books on tape & movies more using these headphones.
598	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product is user friendly and versatile.
2323	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	item as described fast shipping
842	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
7255	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very strong and substantial and well-made.  Exactly what I needed and expected.
1239	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased 2 of these in November of 2011. We had a baby on the way and I anticipated lots of reading time. They were so inexpensive I got one for me & one for my wife.
2845	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As quick as i got this, I had it hooked up and was using it to download music onto my computer. Easy hook up , easy use, I had the music downloaded in no time, and this old gal is a happy camper. Came with the wires too, which made it even easier, thanks so much for coming up with an external DVD/Cd drive for computers such as mine that has none.  and I have missed watching DVDs on my computer, so I will be doing that too all too soon. and again thanks.
What you are paying for here, though, is the reception, which is excellent.  The Superadio III is not a tank.
8237	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A bit pricy (supply and demand at work) - but an easy gadget to recover old Zips before its too late.

8005	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's Cat 5 cable with an RJ-45 on each end.  What else is there to say?  It's portable and works.
7457	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The Palm Hard Case will keep your Palm V protected, without adding much to it's size or weight.  Since I have the Slim Leather Case, and tried the RhinoSkin case, I'll try to address some of the complaints others have  posted.
5118	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you want a point and shoot camera that you can carry in your bag or throw in a shirt pocket so that its always available, then this may be the best camera for you.  While its not deep on features, it has the ones that are most important for convenience: a decent flash, 3x zoom (better for wide angle shots than telephoto closeups), and APS film.
8405	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Poor audio quality. Surprised why Yamaha would put their label on it!
17	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cool

5183	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This device did not work for me. They use the electrical wiring in your home to send and receive the sound signal. That electrical wiring can also carry a lot of noise from electrical appliances and even from light dimmers. In an apartment the noise is increased by all the electrical devices used by the neighbours, so in my case it was very noisy making this adapters a total waist of money. I found a similar device that uses 2.4GHz and it works great for me. But the device called DualJack could potentially interfere with other 2.4GHz signals like a computer wireless land or even wireless phones, so far I have not had any interference. You have to try them and see what works for you. Joaquin Arosemena
Also-this vendor appears to be a fine one.
5104	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The sound is great, it's very attractive, a perfect size, easy to read and the batteries last a very long time. However one thing that isn't good, and I don't know if anyone else has had this - a few of the tops of the push buttons have peeled off. Right now the off button has no top, so there's a hole with the mechanics of that button showing. Prior to today, in order to turn it off, I would push inside the button. However, now that has ceased to work and the only way to turn it off is to remove the batteries. Someone had mentioned to me that the tops should be glossed with colorless nail polish but this suggestion was made to me AFTER the tops came off. I don't think that I was overly harsh with this - just normal use so I really don't understand why this should have happened.  This is more of a cosmetic problem than performance.  I will say that even with this, I intend to buy the radio again because of any small radio I've had, this is by far so superior in looks and sound and design. Maybe Sony has made improvements to this - I can't believe I'm the only one to whom this has happened. It's lasted a very long time - maybe 10 years or so. Although I'd rather not have to spend money for another radio, all in all, it's really worth it. We don't keep it in the shower, but on a shelf away from water. Maybe that's why it's lasted so long.  Next one I get I think I'll try the nail polish trick and see if that helps.
8007	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you are a board game enthusiast, I think you will really enjoy British Rails.  Using the system originated by Mayfair Games Empire Builder, this game consists of a map of England, Wales and Scotland.  You pick up and deliver cargos to various cities to earn money.  You use this money (you are given some money to start the game) to build rail lines from city to city by drawing lines with crayons/markers.  There is a deck of over 100 cards, most of which have three cargos on them.  Since the cards are drawn randomly, the possibilities are virtually infinite, so each game is different.  By the way, this is shown as a toy, but it's not - it's a board game.
2008	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Do yourself a favor and put this reference in your camera case today.  While the camera is laid out to be easy to use, there are still a great deal of features and it's easy to lose track of where things are and how to use it.  This card is really concise.
My advice, if you have these tapes, is to run them a bit before you record to them. Pop 'em in your deck and fast forward the entire tape, then rewind fully. Maybe a few times. With one tape, after recording one side just fine it was stopping every 3 seconds no matter where I started from on the opposite side, until I performed the above. YMMV. Recorded audio sounds fine.

9571	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
- Feels like it needs another slit at the base to keep the journal from getting loose
8553	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	and it seems to work fine. I use it so I can distance my laptop from my projector during presentations. It works fine!
4392	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	you can not beat the price for a 50 foot wire anywhere works awesome and shipped fast
622	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased for my sister to hang her TV on a wall and she and her boyfriend reported back to me that mount works great with the 42" Vizio TV she got for Christmas and was up securely in no time.  I looked around in the retail stores and found that this mount was of similar quality at a much lower price.  What can I say, it does what it is supposed to do, was easy to setup, and is of good value.
9647	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	none
Also, the camera is fairly  lightweight and compact and easy to use, like a good point and shoot camera  should be.
7851	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With a new HP touchscreen computer, I also needed a minimal footprint surge protector - this really answered my need on a modestly sized desk top.  Thank you Kensington.


I read this entire series in about a week.  So interesting, creepy, mysterious, and well written!  As an American, I did have trouble with some of the British words, but it wasn't nearly as bad as some other authors I've read.  The Kindle was helpful probably 70% of the time in figuring out what the words meant.
My nook is dead after only three days.  I wish I could return it.  I don't have the original packaging either, so that even if I got a new replacement, I cannot sell it on eBay to get my money back.  I'm not sure what I'll do.  I will be calling B&N tomorrow to see about a replacement, and begging for a store credit instead so I can buy an iPad instead.
279	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I would describe myself as a very basic Macbook user.  It is primarily used for word processing and surfing the web.  This book provided valuable information and it was intuitive to use and find the topics you need help with.  I keep my copy right by by computer.

5395	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cable works as advertised
AM signals are directional.  You need to find the location of the transmitting tower for the station you want to listen to, and then point the radio toward the tower.  That's what I did and I can listen to radio in a place where nobody else can.
9233	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have owned this camera for over 9 months now and I really like it. The image quality is stunning and I didn't find it all that hard to figure out how to use it. The controls are generally well thought out and positioned  ergonomically.
9813	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We have just moved into a new home and this is great for labeling all the many unfamiliar switch plates.  We just love this little machine and the changeable colors of tape.


3458	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Cheap, ends break off easily.
- After initially fully charging the unit, my Nook has lasted going-on 4 days now. Those who complain it doesn't last 10-12 days, while they are justified at being angry with B&N for "false" advertising, I still see no problem. I never read their claim for this sort of durability, thus, I'm not upset with having to charge my unit every 2-3 days. I see it the same as I see my cell phone or Ipod. And hopefully in the near future Powermat will come out with a Nook adapter...
Bottom line - this model is now USB 2.0 compatible and is built to last. In other words, you cannot go wrong.

9144	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't do much to help us with cleaner recording
1859	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Took it out of the package. Clipped it to a book. The lamp fell off. Unclipped it from the book. The clip broke. Threw it in the trash. I guess I should have sent it back but I didn't want them to resell it to some other poor soul.

Today I made the mistake of replacing him with a $60 Vornado because I love Vornado floor standing fans. Even on the lowest setting, the Vornado is way too powerful for desktop use.
202	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ended up using this as a birthday gift for one of my granddaughters. Just the right size for putting in some old photos--her mother when her mother was growing up. Pics of the granddaughter when she was a baby. Added a few such photos and then invited her to come over and look through old photos to see if she wants any others.
This is the best buy I found.

worth it. use it for kindle with battery pack and for laptop
Love it as muchm
Other velcro cable ties are much better quality. I do not recommend these at all.
Filled with nearly 300 pages and 15 chapters of LEGO love, this guide is absolutely a ball to read through and build from!  You'll learn all the ins and outs of MINDSTORMS creation and its the kind of book that should come with the box!
7185	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say since it's just a USB cable.  I ordered it, it arrived, and it works.  I plugged one end into my computer and the other end into my printer and lo & behold I can now print things from my computer, just as you might expect.  It does what it's supposed to do with no problems, so five stars.  Too bad everything can't be that simple.
or klipsch. sennheiser 201 are good for the
8560	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product.  It's affordable and working as advertised.  I don't notice any degradation in picture quality neither.  Very happy with the purchase.
save yourself headaches and don't waste time with refilled or cheap toners
3585	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cheap and worked as expected
Solid, and works great.
3385	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	OK, it works and it is fine, but slower than a similar Samsung EVO that I also got.
Cassette tapes and tape decks are becoming more and more a thing of the past.  If you still have use for them, then I highly recommend these Maxell tapes.
3187	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.  Obviously an update of my legacy iogear server.  Unfortunately, instead of just releasing a Win7 driver for the old hardware -- which I gladly would have purchaased --  TP-Link made me buy brand new hardware and recycle the old server, which still worked.  Truly wasteful!
8280	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I tried these Mule Deer hunting in Colorado last year and bagged a 4x4 Buck.
The sound is great, the reception is great, the price (was) great; the durability is great and the battery usage is great.  It's all great.
9237	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I use this camera with a usb sans disk flashcard reader, which I find incredibly convenient. I email pictures to family regularly.  The quality is matchless, but I have to ramp down the resolution and size or some files  can be over 1 meg.
9323	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	working as advertised
629	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am very glad for buying it.  It is heavy duty and good quality for the price.  It was very easy to install.
Cons:
7403	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We have used this type tape for many years to record our church service,  Used as master tape to male duplicates from.
I truly hope that I don't have the reliability problems that others have reported after 1 year, but for now I *love* it...
1157	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very good and portable reader, easy to see with different fonts to choose from and very easy to hold especially when placed in protective cover
1220	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great e-reader!
I don't know if anyone manufactures new Hi-Bias tapes... if anyone knows, please comment... Anyway, this is very discouraging. A home made tape was a labor of love and a sound you cannot get from digital. I still am a die hard analog DIY recorder, and I use an 8 channel analog Tascam 4track, one of the best models of 4 tracks made, using Shure studio mics, and I often master to a CD burner, not a PC (depending on what I'm working with). The tracks only become mp3s when I rip the master CD into the computer. It has become increasingly harder to do this because of this. Now I use my 4track mostly to record solo recordings but I have used it to record full band demos and have been able to produce near professional quality recordings! Sublime's "Robbin' in the Hood" was recorded entirely on an analog 4track, as have others.

1172	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's okay even tho I don't have it. It just looks really weird

Overall, a great product for the price. I would possibly recommend looking at spending a little more to get some better optics, but really for this money it's a great way to get this much magnification.
Can recommend it as something to try before going to Apple Store, especially if one doesn't have a warranty anymore. Worst case scenario - one can use the disk for other CD and DVD players. No loss.
Cons


4452	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Needed this for the tape deck in my car to play my iPod. Item came fast and worked just fine. Only thing was the product looked as though it has been sitting in a warehouse for years....which whatever cause it IS something that isn't made anymore. It seemed as though since it was old some of the cleaner fluid may have dried up a bit, it was sealed when I got it, but there were only a few drops in it. I used it once, it served its purpose, and I just figured I'd buy more when I needed it, but that's a bummer at the price for one or two uses. I still rated it at 4 stars cause I would've had no tape deck if it wasn't for them. I did keep the tape cause you could always try a few drops of water...that was a trick we used as kids.
4113	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was happy with the arrival time. It seems to work great in the GPS giving me the extra space I needed for up dates.
4641	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was really surprised at how good the sound quality is with this unit.  My old adapter distorted if turned up to loud at the source, but not this one.
5500	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice product, worked as expected



9126	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
4288	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works good!
great with customer service and refunded my purchase. I will buy from them again. It's not their fault the product is mediocre.

974	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I put this in my Samsung Galaxy S5, it's the largest that will work with it, GREAT!  it also works with my ASUS Tablet...  LOVE IT!!
7393	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very satisfied products

1. Ahhh, nine are enough. Just buy the thing.
1937	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've purchased this before, it is a great litte reading light for home or car.
7579	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Well designed with intelligent information about how much surge protection you are actually receiving, but the amount of attached wiring is insane, requiring you to literally bundle it up if you are keeping the protector in the same room as the outlet. They need to shorten it with future iterations.

5705	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Actually worked. Surprised me.
-It presents itself as premium despite the affordable price. And it also gets the job of protecting my phone done.
8608	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	hjbjhbgvgcgfc
2241	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The price was right and I cannot discern a difference between this cable and a higher priced cable I have in my possession. Maybe I'll see a difference when I upgrade to 4K products.
My one single gripe about this product is that Belkin only provided very short 4-foot long Ethernet cables with the adapters.  The supplied 4-foot long Ethernet cables have sufficient reach for me, but Belkin really should have instead supplied 10-foot or 12-foot cable lengths that would provide much more flexibility of placement, especially for connecting the adapter to the Internet-enabled device since many peoples' Internet-enabled players will be farther than 4 feet from a wall outlet.  If you need a longer reach than 4 feet from the plugged-in adapter to your Internet-ready device, you will have to provide your own longer Ethernet cable.
The only thing I don't like about the Nook and the Kindle is that neither one of them has a back-lit screen so, at night or in the dark, you have to have alternative ample light. So I either turn on a lamp or use the small, clip-on light I bought at the local RiteAid for about $10. It works just fine.
No spoilers here, but one suspects that Book Two will be more
The binoculars come with lens caps on. I haven't figure out if they intend you to use them all the time to protect the lenses, or if they're just for show in the box. The large caps are fine, but the small ones do not stay attached, so don't rely on them to protect.
2841	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excelente
5076	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect - received what I ordered at a fair price and on time as promised.
5278	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this radio in the early nineties to be my night companion. It's showing signs of wear now, doesn't tune like it used to, and the antenna doesn't stand up anymore (keeps flopping over), but the SuperRadio has been more than worth the money, although I don't remember buying it for as much as they want for it here!
Plusses:
6271	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Can still use my devices while charging.
1028	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased 3 of these. They all work fine, use them everyday and am getting ready to buy another one. Fast shipping and couldn't be happier.
7539	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	long cord on here is what I needed to get power across the room when no outlets were available.  excellent fit for what i needed
2088	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great!
> When you turn it on, a tiny message "starting" appears which is hard to see.
5830	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	excellent tool for dvd machine maintence
4134	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because my ex was coming in from Mexico and his phone wouldn't work.  I purchased a phone for him, but it didn't have much internal memory - and I knew he would want to take a lot of photos.
Package came exactly as described. They are much thinner than I thought, but work great. It's a little hard to take out just one. But they are very easy to use, and do a great job of removing dust and smudges without making the problem worse.
9642	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Great price
4336	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works flawlessly to connect my new Canon camera to all the HD TVs that I have hooked it to.  Great pics and vids and sound.
So now I'm about to shell out some more  money for the AT&T headset and I figured I'd share my new found wisdom  with everyone else.
I wasn't home for Christmas, but I did have my work laptop which has music on it.  I copied some over and began to use the music player....
1173	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I could not be happier with the Nook Simple Touch. The e-ink is refreshing, considering I live and work with backlit computer screens - it is nice to turn this ln and read before bed and give my eyes a break. Known issues aside, this is a great product!
6193	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great i tape old western movies
3) Requiring me to keep I credit card on file should be an invasion of my privacy.
7994	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I really like the 'snagless' feature on this one. I've broken off so many of the little clips on other ethernet cables. I think this will be much better protected. The length is good. I can sit in an easy chair near my desk with the laptop, and the cord reaches, but it's not so long to be cumbersome when I'm working on the desk.
Good resolution
It was worth the price and the time invested in reading.
Another issue is that, without a US credit card billing address, B&N will not let you use your account so I have had to store by own epubs in the machine and find them elsewhere.
Right out of the box the Nook, made me happy and gave me confirmation of my long desire to own the Nook. My husband knew that I wanted it, but I waited trying to justify why I needed an e reader and to see if anyone of them would go beyond my expectations. The Nook did exactly that! For me the Nook was worth the money and time it took to decide on which one to purchase... Here is why I love the Nook, I can lend books to other, I can download from my library which is so awesome! I can surf the net for FREE!!!!!! no monthly fees like the i pad, It fits in my computer bag, purse, which makes it so easy to take with me, It has my favorite games, Chess and Sukodu! It was easy for me to download a ebook that I already have, but have been unable to read due to me not wanting to tote my lap top around, the book loaded right from my lap top to the Nook in no time... The amount of free books that are available to the Nook, and the daily free treats from Barnes And Nobles! Which will more than pay for the Nook over time. Being able to call Barnes and Nobles and talk to a live person over the phone and being able to walk in the store and get face to face customer service.
6364	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The price was right and the quality is what you'd expect on a vhs. I am using these to record mini-dv films and would recommend

Used this to split the SATA power cable. Both drives work fine, one is an SSD and the other a 1TB Hybrid Seagate.
Thansk
718	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As long as you know how to use a level, a stud finder, a drill, and a wrench you can easily install this mount.  After shopping around at a whole bunch of stores I realized that you couldn't find one for this cheap, so I picked it up and was amazed with how well it was constructed.  Just a note, having 2 people help a lot just to making lining up parts easier.
Additionally, you will be able to learn a lot about your Macbook if you can get to the Apple Store and take one of their free intro to Mac classes offered at all stores.  I have taken it, and learned lots!
3009	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My laptop did not come with a cd drive and this is the perfect solution. Plays dvd and cds. Great inexpensive option for anyone needing something like this. Had mine for over a month now and have used it a dozen or more times watching movies.

3430	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This Ultra SanDisk 32 GB Micro was ordered for the Ellipsis 7 that died after 2 days of use. We returned the Ellipsis 7 and replaced it with an Ellipsis 8. This disk fits well on the Ellipsis 8 and was recognized after inserting on the disk slot. It came with an adaptor which I have not used it. Am writing this review to help you decide to increase the storage if you only have a 16GB on your Ellipsis 8.
I borrowed the original VGA adapter from my friend and am using it now and there has no problem.

509	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We bought this for a 55" Vizio and it worked perfectly. I would buy it again and recommend it. Good quality.

The writing style of Mr. Marlowe had a wonderful flow to it that kept me enthralled throughout. The descriptions were vivid, bringing the dream world to life.



7890	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Looks cool and works great.

page turns: nook - slightly faster.
It's small, light-weight and compact, so it's great for travel too.
6309	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these a while ago just to bump up my overall purchase to the $25 (at the time) minimum to receive free shipping.  Not an exciting purchase, but functional as I bring up more devices between my patch panel and main switch.
7026	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	got this with a workout bag from the same seller. bands are really strong and great for my workout. love it! each has a different resistance, so I can use the one i need by how tired I am... ;P
3661	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good deal on a good card.
9604	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
4187	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This sd card has a great price and it works great on my HTC Touch Pro on Sprint.  I would recommend this card as long as your sure that your phone will be compatible with it.
2378	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Worked for maybe 3 days.
I have the first generation Nook too, and in general I preferred Nook due to the epub support. I integrated with Callibre and used embedded fonts for non-Latin epub books.

For the money, you cannot beat the quality or functionality of this Articulating Arm.
3) WHATS IN THE BOX - Normally I would not comment on what an item comes with but in this case I was so impressed I felt it was worth mentioning. It comes w/ everything you need in neatly sealed and labeled plastic sleeves. It comes w/ lag bolts that everyone will use to mount to the wall stud. (mounting to a wall stud is required unless you are mounting to concrete) Then it has 9 different screw sets to mount the plate to the back of your TV. It has 2 washer sets for the mounting plate (based on if your TV has a flat or curved back). Then it has a spanner wrench for tightening the screw of the mounting plate. Then it also has 2 plastic anchors for mounting to a concrete wall. Last but not least are the VESA adaptors (which I did not need)
2036	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There are literally hundreds of brands of this usb gooseneck-type light. This has an on/off hi/low switch, is inexpensive and the light covers my entire keyboard whether tablet or laptop. And even better...low setting on the light is wonderful for late night-bleary-eyed web surfing. High setting is just right for early evening activities. Amazingly, neither setting is too bright, rather its a well diffused and pure white light...just right. I also plugged it into a usb wall charger for a tremendous travel night /reading light. I love this little thing...and to think I ordered it solely based upon the Mighty-Bright name. The ONLY one I had ever heard of previously. Its a great light and I intend to order more!
5598	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed some wire wraps (instead of wire ties) to keep my bass guitar amp power cord and equipment cord(s) in place while not in use. I tried some other brands and was more of a "pain" than help. Seen this at Amazon and it couldn't work better. Easy to put on and easy to remove and keeps the cables nicely tied when needed. Get price too even if it is an "Add-On Item". Thanks : )
I went on some blogs and someone suggested trying to clean it first.
2909	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Bought this to use with a USB powered hub connected to my surface pro 3. The DVD player comes with a power cord, but it stated that using a USB-powered hub should provide it with enough power. Well, it didn't. When I inserted a DVD/CD into the player, it started up for 2 seconds and then nothing.
TIP2: Ways I use brother tapes:
4840	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised worth buying if you to optimize your listening experience.
4273	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Actually worked not only as a data cable but also as a charging cable...good length!
2296	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought these batteries and when I received them I charged them up according to instructions. When battery was inserted into my DSC-HX9V the battery indicator for both batteries showed only one bar. Also remaining minutes was being shown and it is not supposed to do that. One battery said 160 min and the other said 35 min.
7960	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent cables
6557	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cables showed up exactly like I expected them.  Packaged neatly and correctly.  I honestly don't know what else to say, they are exactly as advertised.
worked well
9623	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works are expected. Print seems as the original Brother brand.
-May end up with faded lines across screen that you can't get rid of
Now that all the TV's are mounted I'm grateful the task is done and glad I purchased them... but that's not what I was saying when I was mounting them.  It was a challenge to see who would win at times but well worth the savings.

1029	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This memory device comes formatted with extFAT Formating, but you can reformat it to NTFS if need be. the 30 MB/s speed is not terribly fast, but for the price it will do.
9918	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my brother p-touch and this is the normal refill for it. It works just as well as the last one and even holds up in the fridge and the freezer.
Sound is good(not super)(only has one small speaker)
6523	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Excellent product and easy to set up. I saved myself some money by obtaining this product via Warehouse Deals and it functions as though it's brand new.  Very happy with it.
Also, the powder coating near one of the bolts had come off and I could see some rust already forming.
3831	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	10' length, well made, no surprises great value. I'm always leary of cheap products but this met my expectations. Great value.
1872	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Had no problems, looks stylish. If you have an original Nook Glowlight ya ought to get this for your device.

1856	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I would usually give 4 stars to a book that so desperately needs color like 'The LEGO MINDSTORMS NXT 2.0 Discovery Book: A Beginner's Guide to Building and Programming Robots' but this is so well-written and enjoyable to peruse that I have to give this *****
7775	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this because of the sixteen foot cord.  So versatile in where you can use it.  Highly recommend to anyone!
* Buttons make loud clicking sound when you press them.
4595	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It has been a while since i have used audio tapes and i was surprised that my recording came out so well.
9525	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great no problem.
I contacted the nice couple again. This time I got the guy. He had a macho tone of voice. I told him I got cut off. [crackle, crackle] He took my credit card number and address again, then just as he was giving me the RIN, the line went dead.
3674	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works.
1371	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It was hard to find a reasonably priced tablet and reader with these specs.  Everything was original as described and has worked without a problem since purchase.  I am pleased with the price, quality of viewing and speed of this device.
3316	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I can't wait to get it.  I have several smaller capacity SanDisk cards. And the price was right.
1063	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Firstly I'm giving this only 2 stars because of the seller.  I put the order in on Thursday and paid for expedited shipping.  The other item I ordered came the next day and I was expecting the same from this one, no later than Saturday.  When tracking I saw that it could have been delivered on Saturday however since they marked it for Monday thats when I received it.  I am not to pleased with that.  If I would've known that I may not have payed extra to get it here sooner.  I digress, thus far this product works as expected.  I got it to go with my media player, Cowon J3, in order to get more songs in FLAC format.  The player only recognizes up to 16gb however I have heard a few getting up to 32gb.  I tried my luck with this one and when I received it I formatted it in FAT32, put some of my music on there, and popped it in.  It was able to read it no problems and there has been no lag from what I can tell.  I'm seeing around 7-10 for the transfer rate and I don't think thats bad at all.  Lastly playing videos seems seamless.  I am happy with this purchase and would refer the product to someone else, maybe not the seller.
4408	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Why waste money at Best Buy this works.
210	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cute


9112	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	cleans the dvd  player very well.

294	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like this book. I appreciate the easy to read charts. The use of color. The chapter divisions & clear explanations.
1469	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have seen the Kindle and wish I would have gotten it.  The kindle was out of stock and I got the Nook.  The battery life is not good at all I can only get 100 pages at a time if I'm lucky and on airplane mode.  The Kindle apparently will get you 10 times that!  If I had to do it again the Kindle would be the way to go, but Amazon lost a sale and was out of stock...
1727	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	required for school, nice because it doesnt display your answer so no one can cheat off of you.
This is one of the longest extendable wall mounts I was able to find anywhere. I can extend this 180 degrees for a full viewing experience of my TV from my bed which is positioned parrall to the mount.
4084	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the card that is needed to fit the rest of the maps and traffic updates onto the Garmin nuvi 1450. Works great.
8202	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Simply put, the Netgear FA310TX works. It is an extremely simple card, but not much is required in a ethernet card. Those of you needing WOL support (why?!) should not purchase this card, as it does not support it. The speed and throughput is consistant with more expensive cards, my LAN does not require speeds up to 100Mbps anyway, but it is good to know it is there. The cards are good priced, so it will not cost much to outfit a small network with these cards, I have one in every desktop in our LAN. They work, what more could you ask?
2685	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works good works with i phone and works with otter box cause u can switch up the cables. blue indicator light works good stays in the plug dosen't try to fall out
2) If I buy a reader for one of my kids, they could download books and I wouldn't know until I got a bill (gift cards do not qualify as an active credit card) and B & N has a strict no refund policy on ebooks.

4637	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Easy to use, cleaned the CD player - but the CDs still skip.


compatible.
90	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the original case that would have been sold at the time of the product being offered in the store.  The case package was heavier than the nook itself...well made case, well made box, awesome.  And for the price, you cannot go wrong.
3219	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A quality molded item
8751	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	DVD's work just fine in this player.
6079	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well as a cable. I use this as an extension from my basement to my TV in the living room
5801	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great product and fast shipping
525	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used 4  Wall  mount mechanism already and and help friends to install one, this is the best I've seen.
- attractive price for the quality you get.
8416	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Okay, it doesn't use batteries, it doesn't light up, and it doesn't cost a lot. But this headset/boom mic is an essential accessory for the TalkAbouts for this simple reason: TalkAbouts have voice-operated control (VOX) when  used with a plugin headset/mic. We have also evaluated the earbud/mic combo  for bike riders and found it almost unworkable (it picks up road noise and,  to me, the earbud causes excruciating pain after a day of use). The headset  is a much better solution. The band actually fits OVER a safety helmet, and  the closed-foam-cell rubber pad grips the plastic shell securely. The boom  mic rejects most road noise, and soon becomes forgotten in the course of  routine use. (It quickly comes back to the foreground when I try to sip  from my water bottle!) If you purchase one of the TalkAbouts, consider this  as your second accessory purchase -- your first should be a carrying  holster or case. Now, if Motorola would only agree on a partnership with  JABRA Technologies to produce a JABRA Earset for the TalkAbouts, my  happiness would be complete ...

2130	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This light is hands down brighter than the other 3 I've purchased and I really like that it uses simple AAA batteries as opposed to hard to find 'button' batteries.
4713	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My 2002 Pontiac Montana's CD player started acting up a few months ago. Almost every time I put a CD in, the player would spit it back out and the display would say "CHECK CD." After 3 or 4 tries, the player would finally accept the CD. But it sure was frustrating. So I stopped at the dealership and inquired about this problem. The first thing the service advisor suggested was to try a CD lens cleaner. I had never used one of these in my life. And I've had CD players since 1984. But when I went to my brother-in-law's house for Thanksgiving, he had just purchased this same identical CD lens cleaner at the local Meijer store. I asked him if I could try it out in my car's CD player and he gladly obliged. Well, after one cleaning, so far the CD player hasn't rejected any of my CDs. And we drove back home after Thanksgiving...almost 300 miles...and played many CDs. So, for now at least, I'm convinced. I came right home and ordered this Maxell CD lens cleaner for myself. I don't know if I'd feel comfortable enough to try it in my Mac desktop or PowerBook...but I think I'd feel safe using it in my Sony CD player or PlayStation. In fact, the PS2 will be the first device to get cleaned when this arrives. It's been rejecting discs, too. Maybe the lens is just gunked up with dust. Anyways...it fixed my car CD player trouble and saved me a lot of money that the dealership would've charged me to service the darn thing. I'd recommend it highly.
As a final note, this is not an officially licensed product so when a look-alike is manufactured, something about the original design is changed to try to avoid copyright infringement. In this case, the face looks just like Hello Kitty, so you'll notice that the ear tip is made pink, like the bow. Obviously Hello Kitty doesn't really have a pink left ear, but that's what you're going to get. <3
-Works well to charge my iPhone in the top slot and the bottom slot works with most Android phones, except the very high end ones.
990	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had absolutely no problems whatsoever.  I loaded a bunch of movies on here and plan to take it with me for viewing on my table whenever the mood strikes me....I plan on ordering more :)
4054	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great buy
675	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good item; I am happy wit it, and delivery time was excellent!!  I recomended; is a good support for your LED TV. It is easy to install, and it have extra screws for different sizes TV.


5979	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Hard to find items great buy
...Once that's in place, all you have to do is plug your nook up to the computer, log into the library, download their e-book, drag it to the nook and read ! Our library's check out time can be anywhere from 3 to 7 days and as long as no one got in behind you to reserve your book, you can just re-check it out.
2370	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Handy.

9949	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works perfectly. What can I say other than that? The inexpensive Brother PT-80 Personal Labeler (Navy Blue/Green) that this goes with is awesome, so I pay the price for the refills gladly.

33	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great

1999	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	THIS GUIDE WILL SERVE ME WELL ON POINTERS ON MY BRAND NEW NIKON D300 WHEN I GO ON MY CRUISE VACATION..........THE FEATURES OF THE D300 ARE SO NUMEROUS.........THAT THIS IS A WONDERFUL ITEM TO HAVE AS A QUICK REFERENCE POINT.........WHEN I WILL BE OUT AND ABOUT SHOOTING....
8745	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The "lip-synch" problem has shown up on my 550D model once while watching over 30 movies.
Goodness #4: Good if U Root it, for $250

When the machine works, it is great.  But it has broken too many times for my tastes.
3386	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Working perfect with the phone, and excellent price.
3562	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Holds a lot of music & photos just be careful adding videos it will take up most of the memory.
6322	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you're not used to working with wires and lengths, I'd suggest measuring something and testing it out on your setup. Even at 3 feet it seemed shorter than I thought it would be. Luckily my computer sits right next to my router so I didn't have issues there. It was great to move away from my previous wireless connection to a wired connect. Also makes it easier to troubleshoot the network when it's acting buggy.
2665	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've used this charger on a few trips and it works as advertised so far.  One problem I have is that sometimes the charger would not make a connection with the car socket so there would be no power.  The blue light would go off when that happen, so I just replug it.

4628	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great service and price.

9981	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This trasceiver is very useful to keep contact with trailer drivers and stations along the road. It works on the Citizen Band and you don't have to pay for this service. This radio also has the ability to receive 10 weather channel  transmissions from NOAA centers to keep storms or tornados monitored.

3829	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
Updated 02/08/2010
1349	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had this virtually indestructible tank for around 3 years. I have had to replace the charging cord only once (used generic.) Also, the charging cord for my Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 works with my old Nook Tab (16gb.) My almost 4 year old and 20th month old use my Nook Tab now. I initially purchased it after seeing that the tab can survive being dropped and this has proven to be true:
7827	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Used it for 2 months to plug in my gadgets and a TV. One day it started to spark and smoke up so I through it out. Looks stylish but dangerous
6708	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	They work as described and lint free
6687	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thank you from Vast Array Corporation!
1945	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the second light I bought b/c I really liked the first.  I bought for my daughter as a reading light.  I don't have to worry about it getting too hot.  It clips just about anywhere.  Very flexible.  Definitely recommend.
I have been told the sound is crisp and clear. The headset is lightweight and comfortable and is very good quality.
6564	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
7226	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Fits my laptop snuggly, wish there were more compartments.
4223	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	one thing i'm glad for is this product works rite out of the box, not only it works but it also do a great job: HC? yes, fast? yes, but not that fast cuz it's only class 4, but hey, beware of your own electronic that can handle up to a certain of classes.  Kingston brand is alrite, i have couple products of it and they last for a quite a while, well it lasted longer than PNY and Sandisk.  bottom line: good product to own.
4049	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Did what I needed it too and costed less than anywhere else. Very pleased.
6074	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	solved wiring problems.
CAVEAT EMPTOR!

748	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This wall mount does everything it's supposed to do.  The piece that attaches to the wall isn't overly long, which made it easier to mount the arm in the tight space I needed to mount it in.  The only issues I saw was that the joints were VERY tight initially and as we moved the arm around to install it, the joints loosened up to the point where I had to take the included allen wrench and tighten them up again.

5115	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Picked this one up based on the reviews of this site.  Absolutely worth it.  Great sound and ease of use.
7143	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We thought we were strong enough for the black band.  Ha! Had to go back and order the red one.  Right now red is perfect for both my husband and myself and the black one gives us a goal to work towards.  These things are great

The six D-cell batteries last for several months and are a boon for snow storms, power outages, and to tune in far-off stations without electrical interference.  The power supply is well shielded from noisy power sources.
It's for line tracing.
643	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this for mounting a tv on the wall in my home office. Price was good and it worked. The adjustments on it work well, and it has a gizmo to hold the cables in place. Don't hesitate to buy. I think I am using this with a 38" tv.

295	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nicely laid out, colorful, and beginner-friendly book about the Google Chromebook. 5 stars for that!
2735	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	needed it and love it
----
The red indicator LEDs are helpful to know that it's working, but they are fairly bright, so if bright LEDs in a small hotel room are a distraction from sleeping, plan ahead to cover them up with something.
4547	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This adapter works without any noise so far. I tried it today, right after it arrived. There is no hum or ticking noises yet. As we all know, these adapters have unmeasurable operating time limits! Will re-post if it does start having issues.
4763	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It didn't do anything for my dvd player except get windows video player to quit.
Great buy.


4907	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Gave extra life back to a failing HHB CD Recorder.  10 seconds saved hundreds of dollars.
1357	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	She loves it!! Every time I see her she is reading. Nothing beats making someone happy. I would buy it again.
My dad had a brand new sharp 32 inch LCD which weighed in around 24 lbs or so. Couldn't even imagine a bigger tv being extended with this. If you're going to keep the tv flat agaibst the wall this should be ok, but I wouldn't cheap out again. Spend another $18 and get an excellent mount from Sams Club, as this one just isn't up to the task.
1438	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I could not be more pleased with - or impressed by - the Nook Tablet! I know that Amazon is "enemy territory", but the NT does a much better job of meeting my needs than would a Kindle Fire.

7713	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good deal, and Belkin cables have always worked well for me.
battery life... 11 hours+ with wifi off, 8+ with it on, I tried it out and watched lots of movies and did some reading on it without it coming close to dying on me.
3628	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its memory,  Very small memory. What could be wrong with that...

I put in a request to return these to the seller (HandHelditems).  And they did NOT honor it because I bought it a few months back, but the kids' trips were not until the past few weeks.  I guess I should have tried them out after we first got them.
I blame Brother & myself (hindsight, I should have investigated the product more) The description
3774	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Doesn't look like its 10 ft long, but its definitely longer than the cable that came stock with my Mark 3 & works great!

the challenge i gave it. brand name , quality and price was the reason for this purchase. note: keep your tapes in vhs plastic containers , buy
8488	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have been using it on my PC for 2 years now. This made-in-China product proved to be very reliable.  It sounds great with games and CD audio.  It sounds A LOT better than those mini 2 speakers. For just $40, I don't see why we should use the cheapy mini speakers.  My only complain is the volume distortion.  If I push the volume higher than 5 using the build-in volume control, the speakers starts to have some background noise.

8004	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Connects my PC, and my xbox to the internet. I cant think of anything negative to wright works well for what it is.

Yes I wish it was Silver or White or some color that would permit its buttons to be more easily read but its thinner in hand than the ATLAS OCAP 5-Device Cable Remote Control 1056B03 so its the best thing I can find for a Samsung DVR with Samsung TV on the TWC system in NY.
I am disappointed in some of the ommisions from the book store though. EVE: The Empyrean Age and the JPS Student's Tanakh were two things that I have on my Kindle that I read often that are no where to be found on the Nook. In fact there are no Tanakhs at all for the Nook, but a good bakers dozen Christian Bibles. If I were more paranoid I'd probably be offended by that.
9245	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works
3436	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great price
The design put years back on the life of my wrist and saved me from certain carpal tunnel issues.
299	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking into purchasing a Chromebook you will find it worth your while to read this ($15) book first. It is a well balanced review of the Chromebook's strengths and weaknesses and will either save you a few hundred dollars or convince you of the wisdom of the purchase. There is also a GREAT review under the "Samsung Chromebook" product by Lance Haun that will help you (as it has over 2,000 other folks). Good reading and NOT too technical.
5260	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	product is great, will order more when needed.  durable and great price.  especially for a child that tends to lose things and we need to replace.  great product for price.
My lastest life hack is property stenciling - make a label with your driver's license number, put the label somewhere inconspicuous and then use an etching tool to engrave the number - destroying the label in the process - works like a charm
2042	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Pros of this light:
510	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very secure, we did have to use concrete bolts thought since we were putting it on an outside wall made of lath and plaster with concrete brick on the outside.  One of the best features is there is one piece that attaches to the tv and another that attaches to the wall.  the piece on the tv actually hooks onto the piece on the wall.  I am really happy with this purchase.
Bought this for my cell phone. Works as expected.
This thing kicks ASS and is a great bargain compared to the other name-brand junk out there that is either over-priced or over-priced AND doesn't have USB power.
7008	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this cable is very good i recommend it

The large 'subwoofer' only  gets frequencies that your brain's spatial localization system (mediated by  the lateral lemniscus -> superior olivary nucleus pathways, if there are  any neuroscientists reading this) isn't equipped to deal with.  So set it  under your desk, put the little 2 inch cubes on your desk (or hang em from  something with the included 2-sided tape, each weighs about an oz.) and get  ready for great sound at a great price!  I originally bought a set for my  computer but went ahead and bought extra sets for every room in my home,  including the bathroom, so I can have 24-hour music now if I want.  The  price is right to do that!
On the ends of power cords (like the type that comes with typical wireless router).  By labeling them it make it easy to relocate cords or pack up and move or if a power pack gets separated from what it belongs to it is easy to match up.
4053	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good purchase. Goes along with the Garmin GPS!
This one uses smaller flakes of charcoal, as opposed to other manufactures who may use larger pieces. I have yet to really tell a difference between the two, but I would think the smaller pieces have more surface area to collect scents.

After comparing the instructions on this unit to others I have installed I still must say that the pictures should have a lot more detail. Some complain that the back plate was too big for the TV they used but it's fits perfect on the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/LG-32LK450-32-Inch-1080p-60Hz-LCD-HDTV/dp/B004OVEUQQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">LG 32LK450 32-Inch 1080p 60Hz LCD HDTV</a>&nbsp;I am using it on.
8012	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	What can go wrong with a cable, except the connectors at each end.  In this case, they were a little clunky.  Didn't slide into the socket smoothly, or click nicely into place.  In fact, at one end I had a bad connection because the plug hadn't seated properly, even though it felt secure.  Likewise, the connectors don't release easily.
1717	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It's rare that I encounter grammar so bad that I stop reading for that reason alone. However,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/IRREFUTABLE/dp/B0052GFSIG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">IRREFUTABLE</a>&nbsp;joined that small group. I agree with the review by "man ely". I'd add "by who" and spurious, commas, to, the list of gramatical mistakes. I found the mistakes a major block to enjoyable reading.
Do a search on nook itself for free and you won't find free books, you will find books with "free" in the title or crippled editions with two chapters free.  There is no menu selection for find free books.  If you do find a free book it will be after wading through page after page of the same title--it would take days to find even a few interesting free books.  With the Kindle, at least you get to choose a few best sellers are part of your purchase price.  The B&N give you nothing for free but garbage.  They want to frustrated enough to pay them more money for overpriced books.  Personally I can't see paying the same price for an electronic book as I do a paper bound book that I can resell or give as a gift.  Electronic books cost nothing to produce and distribute--why do they cost so much?  It is gouging, IMHO.
4092	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	did the job
939	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can you say about a micro SD. It works!
193	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	A decent case, but still a little bulky.

2725	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked great for what  I needed it for, and was small too

6269	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfect

Thanks to all who commented about the ability to still root the nook.  it is more complicated now but doable.  I'm debating about giving it a try.  Updated 1/22/12
5380	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's an Ethernet cable. It works.
9879	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use these labels and the associated base-model Brother label machine to tag plastic shoe boxes used to sort electronic and mechanical components.  They stick perfectly and stay for a long time (several years now and counting) without peeling up at the corners.  The print is high contrast and retains its color.  All told, a great quality label.

First problem is the fact that it is advertised for a specific use and actually more expensive by about 5 dollars than the "regular" card. There is nothing special about this card vs the "regular" SanDisk 64GB card. It is just a sensationalist title to attempt to get people to pay more for their product.
7525	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! I'm very happy with that purchase!
3888	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great buy - works great.
2)  Battery life is acceptable, but definitely not exceptional.  I usually plug in the AC adaptor because of this.

7574	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for a dorm which prohibits extension cords but allow surge protectors with up to 6 ft cords. Plenty of outlets for today's electronic needs. Is large, but easy to shove/ hide under the desk. Also worked well laying on its side to reduce its footprint.


6114	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This cleaner didn't work for me. Tried it in the car and 2 home stereos and the tracks still skip.

5464	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this for my wife to use when she speaks to a certain someone each night and puts the phone on the speaker system.  The only probem is that my wife wears one of these all day and was not happy to wear this at home.  I used it a few time when I work on my computer and need help.  Sound quality is fine.  If I had to do over, I might have looked into a wireless. Don't get me wrong, it works fine. It's that I don't really need it with my speaker phones.
3533	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well
4801	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed this
No choice but to buy the Epson USB Adapter Kit.
2611	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good material, fits perfectly and the price is very good! I recomend! it is exactly as the specification says.
Design & Feel (4/5):
6212	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect
6986	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Just ordered three of these cables.  Their appearance is slightly different than the Belkin product, and there is no labeling or package.  Tried all 3 on two different PCs.  They get a "USB device is not recognized" message.  I have to assume these are knock-off products.  Beware!
Getting into style, his prose is perfunctory and consistent. Lewis doesn't bog things down with chunks of back-story or description. Instead, character and setting flow along with the story. He is careful to limit narrative commentary or character thoughts. Nevertheless, the story teaches along the way, integrating Chinese and British culture directly into the action and dialogue.
5239	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The RCA Superadio is a very sensitive, great sounding AM-FM radio.  It pulls in stations from out of town and out of state, which will expand your listening choices.  (And is just darn interesting to boot.)
This Barnes & Noble Nook Simple Touch was advertised by BlueProton at Amazon as having been marked down from $249.99 to $68.99, so it certainly seemed like a great deal. It now seems like fraudulent advertising because I've since read that the MSRP is $79.99
7486	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality - I ordered 3!!
9734	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great little label maker.  I have used several other models of label makers by Brothers and this is as good as it gets !
Thanks for your understanding.

Bottomline:
So I would recommend you buy this if you want an affordable mini-HDMI to HDMI cable that works and is long.
Be Well!,
CPU: Good.  Uses about the same as other good webcams I've tried --- about 20% of a PIII 900 MHz to capture 320x240 at 15 fps.
6472	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Please w/the product - delivered on schedule

9565	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	gift
8603	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work. Bought 2 of these for our motorola talkabout walkie talkies. We would push the button to talk and have to count to 5 before talking so that it would actually go through. If you didn't wait it wouldn't transmit. We ended up returning for a refund...
9290	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This color combo is one of my favorites (the other being Black on Metallic Blue). I've used this type of tape printer for years and love it.
213	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It is cute.. But I was expecting a little more from what the picture shows. Bummer.
6367	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good tapes that can be recorded many times and are easy to remove from box. If you still use tapes, use these!!!

401	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fairly easy installation and it works great.
7427	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The group I co-lead, "One Lap Around New England," is an annual youth bicycling tour through the six New England states. We now own five TalkAbouts, and just purchased 2 of the 250's this fall for evaluation. I  find that this model is an incremental enhancement from the TalkAbout +.  The range seems a little better (though the cases are identical); Motorola  yanked the absolutely useless voice synthesizer out of the Plus and  replaced it with a useful scanning and lock function. Another reader whined  about "not being able to scan subcodes" -- apparently thinking  codes are channels. They are just used for squelching other conversations  -- pushing the monitor button lets you hear everything on the channel. We  chose these over Cobra's FRS products because they stand up to the abuse  and needs of cyclists (especially CHANGING BATTERIES!). A great inexpensive  solution that has saved our necks several times.
7418	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So I acutally bought these tapes for an art project and I am not going to be "using" these at all.  I don't even have a tape player anymore.

The free comedic articles in the Daily section are quite funny and the intersting things that pop up when you take it into a Barnes and Noble store are quite fun.
5056	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Worked well, but after about one year it died.  I'm guessing water got into it.  My daughter used it in her shower, and I'm thinking she allowed it to be directly exposed to the shower.
Gotta love the way it shoots non-Iomega zip disks half way across the room, too!
The security cable kits I bought didn't have good glue pads on the anchors, so I ordered more anchors and used the super-glue instead, with much better results.
9934	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my Brother Labeler. Came in really fast even though i didn't pay extra for the fast shipping. It fitted perfectly, I am really happy with this product.


The C D is a great help also I gives you time to repeat words you may have gotten in correct.
7937	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good work
Until now, I have had mainly happy experiences with it. It has apps for children, one of them has many Smithsonian videos that my small children love the most. My college age child also use it to check email at home because it responds in second to wake up, and we do not have to turn it off for many days before it runs slow. After you turn it off and restart it (hold the power button for seconds for on and off), it become fast again.

Is someone u want to know and befriend. The whole side story with him and "God"  is a surprisingly funny,  thought provoking ongoing conversation,  that I hope continues.  Great read!!
285	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	If you are new to the Mac operating system or just not as familiar with it as you would like, this book is worth checking out.  The format of this book is non-threatening and friendly; if you can call a book that, in the way that it is not a big, boring book of foreign data.  The pages are designed with lots of color to keep your eyes interested.  So if you or someone you care about needs to unlock the power of the Macbook, the information is in here.

8862	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this ethernet cord for my home network and it has worked flawlessly. Not much else I can say...it works as you would expect it to, and the price is great.
4666	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We got this player because another brand would not work in my husband's Taurus. It kept giving us an error message and he could not use it with his Ipod. This one does not have the same problems. It works every time. We are very happy.
that said, you may run into problems and may be forced to reset these devices in the event of a power outage - you can at least expect a delay following brown-outs or surges - the fact that you cannot use these with a surge protector may be problematic (i have not looked at the device's circuit design - dunno if it's even available, and Belkin says nothing about internal protections)
8016	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This amp pushes two 12" subs just perfect. any more would be too much but I am no longer the BASSHEAD I used to be!!!
4252	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Not a Data Cable only charges.
5783	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	same as my 25ft review
5421	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A must have if moving tables. Saves you time and trouble. Can be use with only one person.
224	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is just the right size for putting my photos in for gift giving.
1543	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	and she was a very happy lady when she opened this for Mothers Day. These are an amazing examples of modern technology ( I have one myself.......to me. I'm 64 years young and things like this still amaze me. Purchase a book over the internet, turn this device on, carry it anywhere within range of a WiFi signal and the book is automatically downloaded into it. Nothing more to do. Just read your new book. Oh....did I mention that I live in Panama?
6337	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This cord works great and the length is just right for me. My only complaint is that the orange isn't quite as festive in person. I thought it would be more neon, but it's actually the dingy orange that you sometimes see on really long extension cords. Orange is my favorite color, so I paid a little extra for it, but I wish I had just gotten one of the cheaper ones.
6967	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described, very good product & works great, super fast delivery received 2 days after ordering. Would definitely buy from them again. Remember you must read the description this is not a regular USB cord, it is a USB extension cord, meaning you can make your usb cord longer.
9911	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The price on these was excellent. I had shopped around and of course the office supply stores that had them wanted an arm and a leg for one refill. My wife and I love organizing with these little labels.
8970	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I own this DVD player.  I just bought it in late March 2000.  It is the first DVD player I've ever owned.  The sound and picture are great with my dad's home theater.  I am seriously thinking about getting one for my bedroom.  I just bought a 32-inch Toshiba tv for my bedroom.
5543	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product  Delivered quickly
9781	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Price, arrived on time.  My&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Brother-P-Touch/dp/B002M7W9GW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Brother P Touch</a>&nbsp;has held up well for 5 years of consistent use.  It is an invaluable tool.  I wish it was a little easier to peal the labels but you get used to it.
5184	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this product to provide phone connection to my DSS receiver. I do not have a phone line in that area and this seemed like a nice solution to the problem. This is a low data rate application and voice quality is clearly not of concern. The product was easy to install and worked perfectly for this application.
The only thing I miss (but she won't) is the lack of ability to have the text read.  I hear Amazon is in the process of producing a lighted Kindle.  But, my mom needed something sooner rather than later.

- change fonts, font sizes on the fly
9156	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Did exactly as it is advertised. Be aware, however, that there is only one (tiny) brush on the disk. Other brands have a few, or many (if that matters to you). I've always had good luck with Maxell.
Go figure.
2487	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Killed my Epson Artisan 700/800 series.  Don't buy the cheap ink, you get what you pay for in the long run.
8079	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a shorter version of the 14 foot cable. It too seems to be a great cable for the money and works great.
> The player is unnecessarily large and bulky (compared to the Creative Zen Nano [no longer available] which also ran on a single AAA battery).
5865	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time & product as described.
2nd Finally able to color match some of your cables so they actually add to the look of your rig or ambiance
For some reason, the browser plugin will not work with the Chrome browser that is supplied on the Nook HD+.  After you install Firefox and the browser plugin and select a video to play it will first ask you if you want to use Chrome or Firefox.  You must select Firefox.  Then a gray screen will come up with a single icon in the middle with the usual "Play" icon.  Underneath it says to select that icon to activate the plugin browser.  Videos then play nicely.  Volume is less that when playing Netflix (which does not use the browser plugin but does require the Netflix app), but adequate.
I find the picture quality to be as good as that using the standard size HDMI connectors (no visible degradation).
3500	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good
9497	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This was not the product advertised. I received a generic P-Tape that works, however is more rigid than the brother tape. I just received it and can not say if this will hold up over time.
Along with this saving us water, the shower head itself is superb.  I honestly didn't expect it to be made as well as it is for the price!  This is a solid shower head!
8368	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My husband is a musician by hobby. Our house is covered in instruments and it is often loud when I'm trying to work or watch a movie with our kids. Recently we have branched out into an electric drum set and a keyboard so that headphones could be used. However, finding a compatible pair that has the quality needed has been a nightmare, These headphones are excellent so far. They plug directly into our instruments and block out most of the noise from the kids for my husband. More importantly, I don't hear the drums going while he is playing! He has also used these while recording into Garage Band and other recording apps to be able to hear clearly during that time. We are very happy with these.
5869	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I cleaned my Blueray player and my wifes car CD player and it works much better. Her CD player would lock up and we would wait for it to reset. I cleaned it and no more problems, good product so far.
NOTES
I listen to just two AM stations, so tuning has not been a problem for me.
2264	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Even though they took a while to arrive it was worth it because they're truly nice & worth the $6! The colors are vibrant and my kids adored them on sight. The fact that they are foldable is even better because my kids can break almost anything! The only thing I didn't like was the awkward red wire, I wish it would've been black if they couldn't match it to the color of the headphones.... Other than that, 2 thumbs!
Pros:
Sin embargo, Posterguillo logra captar una historia tan &eacute;pica y envolvente qu&eacute; provoca ese s&iacute;ndrome de "un cap&iacute;tulo m&aacute;s" cuando es ya pasada hora de dormir.


Unfortunately, the thing this product won't do is eliminate age from cranky car CD players. I've owned a couple GM models where the player had to be replaced and the player in my 2006 Chevy Malibu is becoming increasingly wearisome. It has a habit of failing to play disks that are thicker than the norm. You'd think there would be a standard in the digital industry but there is not. Sometime spinning my maxell CD-340 arrests this behavior but typically it does not. I usually have to burn myself a homemade disk on a maxell CD-R blank disk&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Maxell-32x-CD-R-For-Music-30-Spindle/dp/B000JHWGDI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Maxell 32x CD-R For Music - 30 Spindle</a>&nbsp;to get the recalcitrant player to spin the music.
For the price, I think this is worth it.
578	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This mount is just what I needed.  It is strong and sturdy.  It folds almost flat to enable the television to sit square and flat against the wall if desired and extends and rotates for angle turns.  A perfect fit as long as you match the correct visa pattern for your television.
3149	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a rather unusual setup and needed to replace my 15 year old WPS54G Linksys print server that died on me. I have two routers, one is a netgear and is the primary router for the internet. The other, I use as a switch for two laserjet printers  one color with a built in NIC card. The other is an older B&W USB printer again about 15 years old (HP1160le) which was attached to the Linksys print server that died. The TL-PS110U setup was quick and the printer seems to work fine, like before. Three computers access this print server  Win 7 (x64 bit) and Windows 8.1.
7001	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much you can really add to such a device as an extension cable. They either work or they don't and these two do.....so I'm happy. If you need to extend your usb device then these is a great purchase.
1522	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I ordered a used BNRV350 that had 3-tiny cracks on the screen and 1 medium length on the screen. I paid a measly $26 +s/h for a grand total of $36. I also have a new BNRV350 coming my way in a couple of days and I may update the review. In my technology arsenal I have/had/used a BNRV300 (no glowlight version), Ipad 2, Galaxy Note 2, Galaxy Notepro 12.2 and Galaxy Note 8 tablet.
---
And it's a Belkin, probably the best in the market.
2808	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Like the design
Yes, it works without any problems.
1921	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good, I use it often
I can't recommend this book enough to people who are new to either a Macbook, Macbook Pro or MacBook Air! Buy This Book!
Wi-fi
4286	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is fine. It does what it is supposed to

I felt that having Jake write his book from a first person perspective, but relate in detail events he was not personally privy to, gave the story an unrealistic feel. Yes, the tale is a fantasy and, therefore, not realistic at all. However, this aspect leant a fictional quality that is negated later in the work.
7454	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	First, let me correct an earlier entry. The III+ does come with an external antenna. One can remove and replace this with an active antenna if they'd like. A good active antenna that is optimized for gain and low power  consumption (remember - without a 12v cigarette lighter adapter, you're at  the mercy of 4 AA alkalines!)will cost around $55.00 - not $100!  This is  my second Garmin, my first was a III model. I upgraded to the III+ as the  base map is more detailed. For example, on major highways, it'll tell you  what services are available, if any, at the exits. These  "services" can be further defined: another screen will tell you  the names of the places! And this is standard equipment! Various CD's are  available that allow one to  upload more detailed street-level maps of most  of the cities and/or towns in the US.  CD World Atlas and Topographical  maps are available as well. I've used the unit in the car and on aircraft  and have always found it to be incredibly accurate. Battery life is good,  even with the active antenna attached. The only improvement I'd desire  would be a rechargeable NiCad battery pack!
9834	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to help label the kids school supplies.  It works great with my p-touch.  I will continue to purchase in the future.

Just wish it had a lo/high setting.
6480	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like to tape a lot on my vcr and this is a quite reliable product.  I will continue to purchase these.
8917	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I needed an extension that was not wireless so that I could reduce the buffering in downloading and watching movies and this does the job adequately.
641	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have this wall mount installed outside. I have a 32" hanging on it in my backyard. Easy to install and have had no problems what so ever..
5571	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i love it  great product
945	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Excellent storage a bit slower than the Samsung micro SD card.
9659	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good to know I can still get it. Satisfied all around.
3093	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	won't buy it again!


3675	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I took a trip to Turks and Caicos last week and had a new SanDisk Ultra 32 GB card give me an error message and lost one hour of underwater images that I will never get back because they never got recorded to the card. Lesson learned always check a new card before you trust it and don't buy SanDisk. I talked to another photographer on my vacation and he had the same experience with a SanDisk card.
49	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work. I'm sure the seller knew this before he shipped it. Out dated and cannot be used at all. Those are words from the manufacturer.
2298	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Why pay 3x the amount for an original equipment Sony battery when this one works just as well.  Great product!!

I gave the Nook 5 stars because it really does everything that it claims to do.  It's a great E-book reader and the cost is pretty cheap imho.  I'm very happy with my purchase and I would absolutely recommend this device to anyone who's interested in mono purpose device.
45	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this product not to use in commerical trucking but rather to use when I am traveling with my 5th wheel RV.  So far this product as been very good.  Rand McNally folks seem to be working to continue to improve the software along with prompt updates.  Although designed for the trucking industry it works great for us RV folks as well.  I found for a 2500 HD pickup the unit is a little large for the windshield.  I use the unit with a mount that fits in my cup holder and that has worked out great.  I would recommend this product.
4215	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best quality for the price.  I found someone else that needed a card and purchased together to allow for free shipping.
Thank you
1282	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought a cheap literati at first, when it broke, I opted for the nook 1st generation, its completely useless. For books I previously had for my literati (which was color btw for only $15), it won't let me use their covers, it won't even show the covers of the books unless they came from B&N, then the problem with brightness, I realized that it would be poor, but its soooooo bad that it hurts my eyes to look at it, kinda defeats the purpose of an ebook.. i wanted my books for night time reading without disturbing the husband, this one is useless because I need a flashlight to read it.
5098	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Now I don't have to miss ten or fifteen minutes of my favorite morning talk shows while I get ready for work.  I've got this little jewel sitting on the toilet tank where it can project sound into the entire bathroom!
4046	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very nice, just make sure you have the rite product. Besides that I think you should by it
6469	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great and was cheaper than even the sites own name brand

2014	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I like the idea of not having to buy batteries.  The light is bright.  I dislike how "loose" it seems to be whilst in the USB port.  It you bump the laptop the light ends up unbending and has to be readjusted.  Just re-checked and it seems to fit USB 2.0 ports better than USB 3.0 but I still like the light and will keep it.
Note: The seller should have clean up the mouse before shipping it out. It was dirty as hell. Sellers should be responsible to keep their products nice and clean even for used items.
3727	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Buy! Hooked the cable right up to the camera and tv, hit the source button and it was on. Thanks!
2692	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	First one didn't work, BUT company cheerfully replaced it with one that has a nice blue light to show there is power to it, and it works fine with my iphone.

9573	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well for the label maker.

6976	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As someone that hates checking battery levels, and replacing / recharging batteries when I'm in the middle of something, I really need to have a wired keyboard. Before I got this cable, I had to sit fairly close to my TV set (I have my computer hooked to the TV). Now, I can sit in a nice, comfy chair instead of the hard, cold floor. Life is good. Except when my cat jumps on my keyboard while trying to get on my lap.
4449	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Need to replace all or part of a CD Jewel Case?  Some replacement brands are flimsy.  These Maxell cases are well made and reassemble easily.  They are available here at Amazon for a very fair price.  Recommended.
4696	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Have all ways use these and you cant beat the sound of them, I like to record some of  LPs on them for a different sound and to save the LP also record from XM radio to mix up different music and  improve the sound from the radio.  I also like to raise the Db level a little. I  have a high end ONKYO tape deck to record that can record any tape, I have used UR s normal but I'm going to stick with these from now on the sound is just so much better.
7223	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Shipped early and product was as advertised. Very happy so far no problems.
6538	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered a longer version of this exact cable last year to connect my cable modem to my desktop computer. I was so impressed with the make and quality of it that when I bought a Valet router, I decided the cat 5 cable supplied with it was not up to the standard I expected. I bought the 3 foot one to connect my router to the modem. I really wasn't expecting much as far as improved performance, but I am keeping a full wifi signal on my phone now, while previously only having 2 of 3 bars showing up. Could be the shorter cord, could be better quality, I'm not really one to say since I'm no pro with these things, but it has improved my router's signal. One piece of advice, if you're using more than one get a different color. I wasn't thinking and prefer the blue cord, so I ended up with two blue cords that are going to the same product. Since I do occasionally plug my modem directly into the PC instead of through the router, I ended up having to color a black mark on the one cord so I know which is which. The snagless feature on these works really well and was the biggest concern I had with the cable that came with the router since I could already see the clip starting to wear from unplugging it and plugging. Wouldn't usually write a review for a cord, but this one has enough going for it that I think it deserves all the praise it can get.
The material is firm and rugged, and feels nice to the touch.
So if you're a Mac owner and this printer adapter won't work for you, try getting that USB network hub, it's pretty cool in itself and made me happy to have my laserjet back.
  I know Amazon doesn't print prices in their reviews, but they have the local major chain office supply stores beat hands down. The 50 foot roll was half again as much locally.
  The nook was available to be put through anything I wanted to try. First of all the new Nook in stores has the most recent upgrades. No problem with turning the page at all,touch screen worked great. In the store I downdoaded a book in under 1 minute and have downloaded 3 books at home that are nearly 1000 pages long in under 1 minute.
-  With an easy-to-access switch, Port 1 toggles between station mode and uplink mode.  Unlike some hubs where two jacks are wired together, this design prevents accidentally shorting a station to an uplink.
1787	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Loved it. Great read, great story, well written.  A question of who betrayed the family wasn't answered in the book but it doesn't take away from the story in any way and it's answered in another book. Well enjoyed.
9692	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have the Brother P-Touch "M" series PT-70 label machine and these M231 1/2" tapes work flawlessly in it.  I always buy two tapes at a time so I never run out when I need to make labels.  It still amazes me how many times you need to use a nice label machine to organize your stuff and this is it!  Highly recommended.
I would do this monitor at 2560x1600 vs a 4k monitor for 4 reasons.
6905	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed an extension cord to be able to more widely use my webcam(it came with an unbelievably short cord).  I can now take my webcam around almost my entire room without issues at all.
5856	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cable is well constructed, but the yellow is not really yellow.  It's beige.
The swiveling body on the 900, 950, and 990 allows you to  hold the camera over your head with the lens looking down, or at your knees  with the lens looking up, and still be able to see your composition on the  LCD display, because the LCD is on the other half of the body from the  lens. You just twist to see the LCD regardless of where the lens is  pointing. Other digital cameras don't do this and it's really useful. It's  made possible by the fact that these cameras (especially the 990) are so  good at autofocus, autoexposure, and autowhite balance that for very many  scenes you can use the LCD to compose and frame the shot, not worry about  anything else, and get a great result.
5196	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this product to connect my Directv line. There is 25ft. between sender and receiver. All I get on my phone is static. I have tried SEVERAL locations in the room. I have tried to contact RCA (Thomson Inc.)all you get is a recording, you can't get a live person. You can't even talk to a technical support.

Another downside is that the FX only came with either a serial port or a PS/2 connector.  There are no USB or wireless versions.  And every attempt to utilize a USB adapter results in some functionality being lost.  The serial port has long gone the way of the Dodo bird, and PS/2 ports are non-existent on new model computers.  In another 5 years the FX will be largely obsolete and incompatible.  This has already affected the going price.  Whereas a couple of years ago, even a poor-condition FX commanded a steep price, a mint-condition FX now command less than $100 (I won my minty for only $82 just yesterday as I write this). Yes, there are vendors still listing FX's near $300, but they aren't getting many takers, if any.

7589	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine,
817	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works well, using it for a Raspberry pi build. Very impressed by the transfer speeds for what I am using it for.
* Micro-SD card capable (up to 16GB)
943	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Was well worth the price and works perfectly.
4890	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked. Fixed my truck's skipping CD player.
Still, I have to give this product fewer  stars than it would've deserved two years ago, simply because Iomega has  come out with better stuff in the interim.  For many users, it would be  wiser to buy an internal ZIP-100.  Or, better still, buy an external USB  ZIP-100 for current compatability, and leave the internal bay available for  future installation of a JAZ-2MB.  That way, you'll create a removable  media solution that handles both past and future needs.

Please note that I am NOT a heavy CB user. I mostly use HAM radios. The CB doesn't require a license of course, and you don't have to use a callsign with it. I have used the CB here and there on my commute to work and back, I like to have it around just in case of an emergency or disaster as well. It's useful it on road trips where everybody is using CBs. I went on one road trip with a bunch of people to go off-roading and I used this radio heavily out there, in the bush. It worked great, no issues. In fact, another guy was using the same exact radio as his only vehicle CB radio.
1551	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have three of nooks and they are great.  Two of them are glolite which is great for reading in the dark
9210	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Does not work at all on my brand new PC (98se, usb), very bad software, support is helpless... Advertised Audible format is not actually supported ('yet' they say...) Don't buy now... this is a rushed out (though late)  buggy product...

5948	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Suits its purpose.
2. The Nook has a featured called "LendMe". This is something that the Kindle does not have and I'm sure for competition sake will have in the future. This a great, great, great feature to the Nook! If you have any friends, family or co-workers that have a Nook and have a book on theirs that you would like to read, you can hook up wireless or through the computer and Lend them a copy of it for up to 14 days. If you're a fast reader then you can knock out a 500-600 page book in easily 14 days.
I gave it a 2 star instead of 1, because there is nothing wrong with the adapter or the seller and the shipping.

7852	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my activated Sony TRV43 camcorder, which was lying unused for 6 years. Good for recording VCR quality video. For Hi8 or Digital 8 camcorders.
8875	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect purchase for my needs.  Running ur from wifi router in the living room to my bedroom . Worked immediately. Great color. Unbelievably low price. Rapid delivery and good packing.
6536	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very useful and good quality. Recommended.
5548	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had a freakish year with shower heads, two broke, three others just were awful, with no water pressure, crappy "massage" settings...
Mom and dad bought a 32 inch Seiki TV and needed it angled on the wall for optimum viewing. That is where I the eldest son came into the picture(pun intended).
2543	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great value use it to charge all of my phones and gps systems it great to charge two units at the same time with one plug the charging time is great as well

native .cbz support (main reason I bought it)

7453	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I first used this while vacationing in New Hampshire on Lake Winnipesauke. Since the lake is so big and everything looks the same when you are in the middle, the GPS was invaluable in telling me how to get back home. Plus the maps of the lake all have the coordinates of the buoys -- so you can punch  them in and have an instant navigation aid.
4082	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When I began updating the maps I was confronted with "no memory". I didn't realize my Garmin had a place for a SD card! duhI ordered this one because Kingston is a quality company and the price was right. Perfect. I'm all caught up on my GPS updates and assume this 4GB card will last the life of the GPS and not fill up.

2574	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought two of these, one for each car.  The clear plastic cap that you see is not well anchored to the body.  When you're uplugging a cable it's easy to pull off that cover--and then the whole thing comes apart, and you'll see what a piece of junk it is. That happened to both of them that I bought.  I tried with each to get it back together but it was impossible.
For those that don't know, this is "crack-back" tape. Just fold it lengthwise to split the backing and pull it off. No more worrying the edge to get the backing loose. I work with small(2-3 letters) labels, so this really helps.

3441	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Received the package on time and it is great to have extra storage on my phone. :)
1573	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I feel bad saying I hate this product because when I first received it I absolutely loved it.  The quality of the GlowLight when used was spectacular, the features where easy to use.  Then tiny "cracks / lines" started to appear in the screen / light which made it difficult to use at first; then as more appeared the device became completely unusable.  This device was not abused in anyway. It was kept in a case, not dropped, etc..  After further searching concerning this problem, it is not uncommon.  A significant number of people reported the same problem even though their care of the device was good.  The most disturbing part of all this is that the manufacturer of the product has known about this problem and to date the item is still being sold with the defect.  I was so disappointed because other than this problem I loved my NOOK Simple Touch with GlowLight.  I now have a Kindle Paperwhite, it is similar to the Nook but just enough difference that except for the defect I like the Nook by a slight margin but not enough to invest in a defective product again.  In addition, there is difference between customer service for both devices. The Nook customer service regarding defects / returns / replacements is poor compared to the good reports of customer service with the Kindle.  Wanted to like the NOOK Simple Touch but couldn't risk it.
3454	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Work great on note 3 love it except lost my music
4460	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I've tried this tape on three different makes of VHS decks, and they all reject it.  Check your manual about cleaning before purchasing a cleaning tape.
2830	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	When I originally purchased this monitor, there wasn't any information saying that you had to have a dual-link DVI capable graphics card. $125 later, I had one, which I shouldn't have had to buy. So there went any actual money savings out the window. Bought a GeForce GT640, which ran the monitor just fine.... for a while.
3730	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well made, works as expected.
8097	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These work fine and they are a lot cheaper than you would pay retail, plus it may be hard to find short cables like these in a retail store.
what I get from Amazon in the future.
BASIC OPERATION:
1045	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for use in my new Samsung Galaxy Note II.  Provides lots of storage for my music and photo's.

8080	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing is better than original toners
9704	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
1560	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this device for the last year and a half. I love it. I have had no problems; works like it should. I was surprised to see so many people had received defective devices and wanted to let you know that these are amazing ereaders and you can have a perfectly normal, blah experience like me. It is no better or worse than any other ereader out there. It is my second, so most of my review will be a comparison.
CON: The ear plugs are useless. Will not stay in the ear.
2269	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Very cheap looking as well as damaged. Sound disappear in between.


- Velcro is effective and sturdy
7141	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	package was recieved barely 2 days after i orderd it i am extremely happy  would that all packages arrived asPromptly as this one
7439	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	to get if you need a GPS for hiking and in the car or just to find your way around the downtown.  It is a bit heavy for backpacking but I leave home my flashlight because I GOT to have it.  This unit actually helped us find our way out of the Utah desert after our group leaders got us a bit "off track"  saving us an unnecessary night out with the scorpions.  Highly recommend.
6685	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very thin circles of lint-free wipes that function very well.
4780	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cleaner will me on the computer.
4525	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GOOD
2102	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item was a great choice for me. I am a college student who (obviously) stays up all night reading textbooks and doing homework. I like to read books at night, but I hate having my bedroom light on, because it makes my head hurt. Not to mention the fact that I have to get up in order to turn the bedroom light off when I am done reading. Having this book light makes it simple to read and then go to bed right after. Xtraflex is light but sturdy. The actual light on it is really bright and is large enough to read both pages on a textbook. I have nothing negative to say, besides being upset at the fact that I did not get one sooner. I would definitely recommend this item to people who enjoy reading at night and those (like me) who read and do homework in their bed (like me) at night,
7730	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised to connect my router to my computer.
3102	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This products work for what i was using it for (an old iPod touch). I'm pleased but this is VERY easy to lose.
-Slaughter
9089	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised and promised
I don't know about the expensive noise-cancellation headphones, but I would rather have a better pair of regular headphones for this price.
8587	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These two charcoal packs were the only thing in this order.
We have yet to use the Barnes & Noble book purchase options because we use ours entirely for checking out books from the library and it is awesome because my Wife works and if a book she has checked out is late and runs out, all she has to do is plug it in to the PC, log in to the library, and check it out again.
2034	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this little light for times when I'm using my computer in a low light situation and it works great. Much better than a cheap one I bought. Two levels of brightness and an off switch.
2074	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you want a book light to use when reading in the dark or low-light, I recommend the Mighty Bright TravelFlex Book Light. It is reasonably priced, well-made, light and small, easily positioned over a book page or Kindle display screen, attaches quickly and securely, the light is bright and the battery life is exceptional. And, it comes in several appealing colors. I have four of them - one I keep in my purse, one in my camping and vacation satchel, one in the living room, and one in the bedroom.
9467	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the clear tape, performed as hoped
3. Software
Click yes to run and then Next on wizard, which should find 192.168.0.10 (remember connect the printer server to computer, not printer server to router!)
2929	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.  Nothing special here.  If you need an external CD drive this will do the trick.  Windows 8.1.

385	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked Well.  Definitely would recommend.
If I knew 100% that any of these ridiculously priced trackball FXs on here were brand new, I would actually buy one.

7864	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just the length I needed & works perfectly.


Warts? Power switch seems a little fragile, no light for the slide-rule  dial. Some will miss a tuning LED lamp, and though it will handle headphones, no FM stereo through 'phones.
9810	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Brother M231 1/2-Inch
6324	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This cable is what it is. I needed some extra cabling to attach a computer to my ethernet hub and it works fine.
I'm a Belkin customer for life.
It seemed to work OK for e-publishing, my main interest, and an occasional NetFlix or YouTube streaming movie to unwind.


Very good quality cables. Inexpensive price. To paraphrase Jerry Pournelle on the legendary Byte magazine: "Recommended!". :)
I had used the Maxell Dry VHS Head Cleaner in the past, with its audio/video instructions--an excellent product.  But other reviewers warned that Maxell had altered the product:  no more instructions except on the package, and worked as poorly (similarly) as the Wet Head Cleaner I just tried.
2755	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got this because it was pretty decently priced, honestly though seeing how some of the other video capture devices out there were upwards of $60 I wasn't expecting much.  When I got, I was rather surprised how well it worked.  While it's plug 'n play, I decided to forgo the install CD and just downloaded the drivers directly from the manufacturer's website.  While the video is decent quality, it still retains some grainyness after burning the video to a DVD, the quality of the original played on a VCR is still better quality than what you capture and burn to a DVD.  That being said, it's not all that bad, really.  But since I only needed to copy a few home videos that we made from an old VHS-C camcorder it wasn't really worth it.


2037	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've tried a lot of USB lights and this one seems to be the best. It throws a wide angle light and the neck is stiff enough it stays where you put it. To test durability I set it up as a desk lamp and have had both LEDs on continuously for a little over two months. Both LEDs are still full brightness so it's doing well in that test.
4419	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent cable with no visible signal loss. Perfect for running a line to a rear tv in a RV. You don't have to drill a huge hole to feed the wire like some other brands.
8343	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this mouse 8 years ago. In the last couple months, the right mouse button has been becoming unresponsive, and nothing I do seems to be able to get it back on track again. Now, we're talking 8 years here, I've gotten more than the $70 I paid for it back then out of it in that time.
Note that the product states that using USB extension cables past a certain length may result is problems using your peripherals that aren't designed to be used with very long cables so you use according to your own risks, but as I said before I haven't had any problems.
Third, user replaceable battery and additional memory slot is a plus for me as I intend to use the device overseas at some point. In case of a problem with the battery, international users have to send your Kindles to the United States for battery replacement? Nook replacement battery costs $30.
Another great aspect of owning a nook is that you can check out ebooks from your local libraries (see [...] for a list of libraries near you), sideload books that you have bought from Fictionwise and other ebook stores, and download free ebooks from either the B&N site or Google Books. That's what ultimately sold me on the nook, the versatility and freedom to choose where I want to buy or download free ebooks. The nook is not proprietary, unlike the Kindle and the soon-to-be-released iPad.
But overall, I have to say, they work great!
1697	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I really enjoyed this book.  I agree with some of the other reviewers that an editor can make this a great book, but in all, I thought it well written.
920	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great!  Much more memory in my phone now!
My basement room is wood paneled with 3/4" knotty pine, but there was no stud close to the location I needed the TV. So I attached another 3/4" wood mounting plate to the panelling with 6 construction screws, then attached the mount to that with the included lag bolts. The total thickness is now 1 1/2" and feels very solid. I even was able to attach a Roku box to the mount with a couple of rubber bands which keeps it out of the way, but the IR remote still works.
7150	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like logo. Feel strong. The rubber is thick and well made.
I will NEVER buy these kinds of eBook readers anymore, not even the new Kindle as I heard they will show ads on the screen and the Kindle Fire will just immediately buy stuff from Amazon if I accidently click on some place, IT DOES NOT even show a confirmation screen (too greedy to make money) !!! I don't buy something to read these ads. Amazon and B & N are too greedy trying to push stuff on the users as they feel like, at the users expense.
2675	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Gets the job done and works for a great price. Would recommend for the price but does seem cheaply made with flimsy parts.
*Easy to read for the lay person (not heavy with tech jargon)
If there's anything negative to say about the product, it's that you don't have much choice as to manufacturer.  In a real sense, that doesn't matter:  you're going to be happy with what Belkin has on offer.  But it would be at least psychologically comforting to have more of a choice.
If you listen in an area that gets poor reception, like a basement, you may need a more expensive receiver that can accept an external antenna.

There are so many features of this device it's hard to capture them all in one review. All in all this is one great device, with it's iPod like look and feel, large number of built in features, and industry standard operating system, it's clearly the choice of discerning electronics customers.


8920	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Not very good quality wiring inside sleeve very thin very brittle easy to break . I would not buy again !!
5470	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are good and are as described
R/ KMW
6104	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great for VCR's
4130	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used in a Garmin Oregon GPS and works flawlessly. I was concerned whether to use a higher class chip, like a 10, but this is what was recommended and it works great.
...
3819	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine.
7639	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It does what I had hoped for.
8980	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You can't beat the price for a full size tripod for your camera. Great for taking pictures of low light settings, night shots, etc. since the tripod will keep the camera still and won;t blur the shot. The only bad thing is the shipping on this is more expensive than the tripod itself! Still worth it for about $20.
1564	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	So I really like eInk readers to read on.  We have tablets for pretty much every person in the family in multiple sizes... still, I prefer to read on a eInk reader.  I've owned a Kindle 2, and 3, & a Nook Classic, so this is my fourth eInk reader though I have had a grey scale reader, Libre Pro, which is similar in that it has no backlight but the contrast just doesn't compare.  Still even that is easier on the eyes for long length reading than the tablets.
Enjoy!
7278	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This lamp is very well made (what you'd expect from Kitchler) and is a great addition if you're trying for a whimsical look. The picture is accurate, and, although the glass appears cloudy (you can't see a bulb in it which is a plus), light still shines through very brightly at night.
They're also kind of bulky unless you have a large carry-on to keep them in.  I'm paranoid about putting these in the seat pocket in front of me, since the MDR-NC20's come with a soft bag instead of a rigid clamshell like the Bose headsets.  I haven't had any spills yet, but active travellers may wish to find a case that's more rigid.

9178	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When the Rio 300 first came out, I couldn't believe the freedom that I was buying myself.  After years of relying on cassette tapes and endless times of rewinding to hear a song again or fast-forwarding past a song that I wanted to hear at the time of taping but changed my mind when I was on the road, I would finally have the random access that a CD gives you along with the flexibility to mix artists that a cassette has.  Sure you could burn a CD, but then you're going to wind up with a bunch of CDs every time you want to add a new song to your traveling collection.
7192	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Considering all the over-priced products on the
with barely a reaction.
2834	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic way to organize charging. My Samsung S5, Nexus tablet,  Kindle Paperwhite and iPod touch all sit on my bedside table. The multiple cords plugged into a power strip was a mess.  Using this PowerBear and short cords it's much more organized.  Planing to buy second one for travel!
6004	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This product is crap. I followed the instructions to the tiniest detail (I am a very methodical person) and it didn't remove the scratch that my DVD has and it added several more. I read other reviews of people who had a good experience by twisting the instructions, but I am not willing to do that; the manufacturer should know better how to make this product work. Following the instructions, it ruins your CD or DVD even further. Don't wast you time, money and your CD / DVD and take it somewhere where they can buff it.
1503	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I couldn't wait to upgrade to this product from the Simple Touch that had no light.  It has worked well, with no problems.  Both Nooks get a little glitchy, I've noticed, when the charge starts getting low.  I will also say that it's my impression that downloading from libraries is still relatively new process; haven't tried it yet myself, and not all libraries even offer the service.  I don't object to the ads; they are not intrusive, and I just don't look at them if I'm not up for it.  However, as with all e-readers, realize that e-books are no bargain, most of the time. Most of the books I've read cost about 10 dollars.  I've downloaded free books from Google e-books that would otherwise have cost a small fortune.  It's nice not to have to find a home for a book that I've read but don't want to keep.  With this product, the advantages are that it is lightweight, you can increase/change the font and size, which is a huge advantage if you have vision issues, you don't accumulate physical books that you don't want to keep, and the Glowlight at night is fantastic when you want to read when your partner is ready for lights out.  I had a clip-on light with the original Simple Touch and it was inconvenient as far as placement, glare, etc.  We have a Kindle e-reader as well, and I much prefer the touchscreen on the Nook to the buttons on the Kindle for page turning.
8207	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm moderately comfortable with my PC's innards, but I'm no hardware guru. Therefore, I was extremely pleased when this card installed with the ease the documentation (and other Amazon reviewers) promised. The low price was icing on the cake.
8526	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It did the trick. Sturdy, long and works fine for an older projector I use.

I found a backup camera in a resale shop recently for $5 that is a Cannon like we already had and it works fine too.
3473	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works - I generally go through a lot of cables and the wiring near the end that goes into the phone/tablet generally breaks inside on me, so having a thicker cable than normal is a plus.
3857	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Glad this is available and at a decent price.  So many cables are overpriced just because the seller can get more for it.
9634	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Now that I have learned that you must give the printed tape a quick, hard pull in the built-in slot to separate the tape from the backing, this is a big favorite. Very convenient for making labels in a variety of formats. i use it on TV wires, tool drawers, AC adapters (which goes with what?), and reading-glass cases (1.25 or 2.50?). Also file tabs. You will think of more.

4603	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT
Fourth the buttons are all well placed.
2265	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I actually don't see why there are so many  complaints. These headphones are nothing like what people have said. Yes, they may not fit children correctly. They are good headphones. I compared the quality against 70 dollar headsets and there is not much difference besides the more expensive one block out noise.
Cons
Comes in a convenient cartridge you can swap out rather than having to wind the tape onto a different spool.
I am a retired manufacturer & my old school thinking was to change model designation  when models were not

3235	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's good but could use clips to secure the power splitter to the main one. This could result in a short or loss of power. Hasn't happen yet, seems to hold its place so far. But wouldn't be a bad idea to have clips to hold them together.
4636	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this particular disk cleaner based on the reviews I read. It cost a little more but I know Maxell to be a good brand. The directions are not clear enough for me - they assume you already understand how the thing works. Then, I couldn't get it to work. It was supposed to go in and then start talking. Of the 4 slots I tried it in it only worked in
3607	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice card brand new and delivered quickly. I have bought 2 now.
There were a few times when I got confused by the time jumps, but the story never lets up. I never had time to become bored as each event propelled the action forward. This story is unlike any I have read before. Complex relationships are exposed, and an entirely new, intriguing mythology is revealed that becomes wholly believable in the context of this novel.
5804	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's blue!!!!!! enough said. Okay - it's a network cable. It does what its supposed to do. What else is there to say? Its not going to wash my car for me. Shall I try to come up with something poetic or interesting about network cables and how this synergystically connects my home network to the stars?  Okay, here goes....
- Includes two reporter-style while slimmed-down Moleskines
I tried to buy a generic charger that fit the Nook Color out in town but it had problems charging the unit.  For now, this product is working fine.  If problems persist, it's probably the Nook Color itself that is defective in charging.
7691	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	TDK manufactures excellent six hour blank VHS tapes for all purpose general recording of audio-visual media. As long as you have the right kind of equipment, these tapes record television programs off TV or they can be used to make copies of a non-copyright protected VHS tape. These tapes have six hours worth of blank recording space; and this is useful when recording television shows, for example.
Regards,
Great price on Amazon makes it very easy.

1281	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love it. While it doesn't have the bells and whistles of the other Ebook Readers, it does exactly what it is meant to do. It allows you to read books. I bought this as gateway into ebook technology and I love it. The unit fits into your hands nicely and is not heavy. The buttons on the side are helpful in turning the pages. It charges fast and the battery lasts a decent amount of time.
==========================

6937	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We got a desktop that came with a wired keyboard.  The cord was so short and this cable made it the perfect length.
1379	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love these want to get more. I am tall and usually get mens sleep pants. These are very comfy and i have sensitive skin so a plus.

So don't buy this to create award-winning photography. For all the same reasons, it doesn't produce very good hardcopy photos.
1460	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	JUST WHAT I EXPECTED.  SHIPPER WAS FAST AND EFFICIENT.  PRODUCT ARRIVED ON TIME.  WOULD USE SHIPPER AGAIN.  NO PROBLEMS WHAT SO EVER.
Nonetheless, I feel that a -1 star is justified because Amazon has a problem shipping the correct card to many people who order this item. In principle we should receive the item we have ordered, even if theoretically the 'Ultra' card is a faster card.
944	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very fast Delivery. Product was as described
5257	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just give me a good AM/FM radio that performs.  The Superadio III does exactly that!  The AM is so potent it's like having AM shortwave - so MANY stations can be found - all over the USA.  The first night I ran it through it's capabilities, from NC we were clear receptioned in Chicago, Miss, Cleveland, NY, and other places that didn't identify.  Great trip.  And the FM reception is exceptional too and the sound is clear, rich and full.
Bandscanning is okay if you don't mind the muting every time the frequency changes (some people call this "chuffing").  The automatic seek stops on the noisiest frequency, not just one with a carrier.
When they arrive at Hollinswood, they find Ryes Mother has not relented one bit in her hostility towards Rye.  After all, he refused his place in the family law firm, and chose to embarrass them with his lifestyle.  Thankfully, he had changed his name from Hollins to Crenshaw, his grandfathers name. However, his Father is asking for reconciliation.  He shows Rye that he has all of Ryes CDs and tells Rye that he is very proud of him but ashamed of his own behavior towards Rye.  Ryes Mother lets them out after his talk with his Father.  He is to stay in the guesthouse.  Since this was where his grandfather stayed, Rye is not insulted as his Mother had intended.
Very exciting story.
5169	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Not what I expected

8473	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	20 years ago a radio of this quality would have cost over $1000 dollars. I bought it for a trip through scandanavia. It was my best friend on the trip. The ability to follow European FM spacing (Which is different than ours) makes this radio a must for international travellers. I continue to use it here for stateside. AN external anteanna really does help though, and the included reel out one will show an improvement. Its also not too bad on batteries. Worth it at the price offered.
then top felloff 2 of the 3 I bought and now I get " not recognized.... "
I'm sure I've missed out on something that others would like to know about the product before buying, so if you have any questions please contact me back here on Amazon and I'll try to get to you as quickly as possible.
Logitech doesn't actually make it anymore - they make a wireless version, which I will NEVER used due to a bad experience with a logitech wireless keyboard and mouse dropping keystrokes and movements a mere inches from the wireless receiver.
9829	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's label tape. It fits in my label maker because I was smart enough to make sure I got the right cartridge tape and I didn't buy a generic knockoff. Hard to write a review of some label tape...
2757	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Muy buen libro
4227	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Amazon is my first choice provider these days.
4918	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Started having issues with my in-dash CD player after 12yrs. Kept getting read errors.
7424	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This radio is great for talking at the shopping mall (if you still shop in malls), or for use on the trail when you are hiking.  I use it at the beach when I am boating.

2672	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for charging my phone in the car. I like that each side lights up separately so you know they are working (it is a soft blue light). I haven't had any problems with this product at all. After shopping around in stores for a similar item, I didn't find anything within the $3.00 price of this, so it's a great deal. I purchased my charger from BestDealUSA.
1. My biggest decision maker was Epub. This is the format in which you can take ebooks out of the library, so I needed whatever I got to be Epub friendly.
4847	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It Works!
2974	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I use this for my Mac Air, as it has no disc drive.  It plays the CDs without a problem, but it won't play the DVDs. The problem may be user error or a faulty device, but in any case, it's not really working out for me.
The rest of the computers on the network had some issues with making it work but once I got the settings right, it works perfect. Huge plus, support from the company (through email ) was fast, courteous, and thorough. Perfect solution to my problem!

It's to be compared with the Sony 7600G, in choosing a portable, its chief competitor. You can't go wrong with either one.
Inasmuch as there are drawbacks to the speakers, they are ones you would expect from a product so inexpensive.  As another reviewer has rightly pointed out, there's no volume control on the woofer.  There's also no bass, treble, or speaker-independent volume control.  And the speakers are rated at only 10 watts, with a relatively indelicate frequency response.
800	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	exactly as advertised, I can watch things from my cell on the TV.
So, I would highly recommend this to anyone who uses CF media with a laptop. It is the way to go!
* I liked the grey, it really brought my room together

8996	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We use the computer in our sunroom to load music onto our MP3 players.  Since all of our favorite music was already loaded, I decided that the computer was our best source to use for this Speaker System.  I pluged the jack into the headphone port and set the speaker outside off the pool.  We now have the potential to listen to 760 different songs without interuption.  The sound quality is great and all of our friends want at system like this.  We have enjoyed this product almost everyday since we purchased it.
2289	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good - more rugged than I thought
7422	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm so happy to be able to order these audio tapes through Amazon.  The product is excellent and the price is low.  The only problem is the cost of shipping.  The shipping cost for my order equaled the cost of the product.  Why should it cost twenty dollars to ship a small box of audio tapes?  There must be some way to bring shipping costs down.
TIP: Buy three tapes at a time so I don't run out and it makes the cost easier if you take your lumps in one shot!  If you buy the tapes one at a time you will be reluctant to use them when you need them.
3629	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent ! Recommended Buy !
4116	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product was offered at a very competitive price.  The order was fulfilled promptly, and shipment was fast.  I will use this store again.
634	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I searched around for a TV Wall Mount for my bedroom TV and didn't want to pay the outrageous price I had seen at my local stores. This was a steal compared to what was on the market. Easy instructions and quick installation. I purchased this 6 months ago and it is still holding up and doing fine for my 32 inch Panel TV
2194	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this is a very bright LED in this book light.  This little book light will light up half our bedroom when my wife first turns it on.  After she adjusts the lamp to shine on her kindal touch it's not to bad.  It is a good blend between being a directional light but not to much of a spot light to give you a single really bright spot that makes it hard to read.

5780	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Simple and works.
I'm a loyal sandisk customer, and Sandisk is loyal to their customers who trust them with their data storage needs.
2877	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The DVD player works fine with my computer but one of your reviews indicated it should work in the car but it did not so far.
I also think I would like the "Lend Me" option if any of my friends HAD a nook.
7122	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product
1749	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does the job :) I used it for a whole semester so far, and so far so good. Never had a prob. Very easy to use. Save a few bucks and get this one. Everyone else had these high tech looking ones and they were kind of complaining lol

4551	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!
7191	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Amazon listed this cable as an item you could purchase with a particular pen scanner I have.  I purchased it solely because I lost the USB cable for that scanner.  The USB cable did not fit the scanner.  I'm  sure the cable is of good quality.
1199	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	In my opinion, the Nook Simple Touch is the best e-reader on the market because... well... it's simple. No distractions of email or social media, it lets me immerse myself in a book and I love it!
69	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice mix of mystery and humor.  Good book to read on vacation.  Characters (and they really are) are interestingly developed.
8834	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's not real leather and I'm sure the FTC is going to come down on the current crop of items described as some sort of leather when it isn't. However it's quite nice.  It feels good and looks good.  Most of the buttons and the stylus are easily accessible.  I haven't tried to use the Isis wallet app with the case on so I don't know if the case obstructs this function.  The other annoyance I had was with the fit of the case around the volume rocker.  I have to press the phone further into the case to get complete access to the volume control.  Other than that I am completely satisfied with this case.
9474	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Can't rate something I was unable to try. Machine never worked.....
2343	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought for my boat - now I can charge my phone on the boat! Works great!
6549	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	* The setup is as short and simple as the instructions.
82	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Should of been given to Nook customers who had to replace their cord. This one works great.
4865	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works Great !!!
507	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was needed to mount a 32" LCD that weighs 27 lbs in my bedroom. I looked at another mount by the same company but it did not articulate so I was worried I wouldn't be able to achieve the viewing angles that I needed. So I found this one & went w/ it based on the high reviews. I could not be more pleased.
I am super pleased with it. Should I get a car I would buy one for myself...
6850	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm not a big fan of the exposed connector on the female end, but I can't complain much on a < $5 cable that feels pretty durable.
If  your Palm use is very Palm-oriented this might be ok, but mine is very  desktop-oriented, and that means I have to repeatedly take the case on and  off.
Very small and works well with my asus eee pc 1005ha
1140	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good quality
Does the job perfectly as a lightweight "back-up" tripod.
3167	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product is absolutely fantastic. I work for an IT consulting firm and see a wide range of hardware. I am using two of these to print over a VPN connection, to a terminal server we host in a datacenter across the country. To older Dymo 450 Label printers to boot!  I had an archaic Linksys print server that recently died on us, and I bought two to replace another one that has become increasingly unstable.
4542	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well and better than others especially in auto reverse decks.
2039	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R16J9S7W1S4Y9M" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A1tbOeaKkjS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/812OzrTrhMS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Do you like the Mighty Bright portable book light? If you do, this is the light for you. It has a push button on/off switch with two power settings, and is the best of the 3 laptop lights I reviewed.
6926	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good cable, serve it purpose. I also use it to extend the range on my lightning cable to charge my iphone 5
8349	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got mine yesterday, what a great product!  I don't know if you still wanna a bread CD player. But they are twice expencive than this one. plus I don't think they can be better than this GPX.

1693	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This book sucked me in from the very beginning.  My theory on what was going on changed several times during the reading.  I definitely recommend this book and I will be looking for other books by this author.
Barry
4075	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	RAN THIS CABLE FROM MY KITCHEN TO MY GARAGE & I HAVE NOT HAD ANY ISSUES WITH THE PICTURE QUALITY. WORKS GREAT
7204	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	they seem to be holding  up just as good as the factory batteries
406	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great tv mount! I purchased this to mount my tv outside. It is plenty sturdy and the swivel is really helpful for moving it to the perfect location or getting it out of the way when not using the tv.
5223	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had this radio for almost ten years (purchased right here on Amazon) and I must day it is fantastic.  Before internet streaming was in if you wanted to hear out of town radio you strung wires around the yard and/or put an antenna on the roof.  Or you just picked up a GR Superadio!  I just pulled mine out to show to my 9 year old and he was fascinated with the thought picking radio stations out of the air.  He is part of the ipod  generation who never heard a regular radio (SiriusXM excepted), a cassette or an album (fixed that last year :) .  I was amazed the D batteries in it were Duracells that had a use by date from 2012 and they didn't leak and still worked.  I replaced the batteries and put back on shelf secured that it will be there if god forbid we have a natural disaster and the internet goes bye bye.
4420	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great


5580	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say?? It was a great price on a 50 ft network cable and it works great!! Will buy again if needed.
UPDATE NOV 2012:  After we fell in love with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epson-LabelWorks-LW-400-Label-Maker-C51CB70010/dp/B005J7Y6GS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epson LabelWorks LW-400 Label Maker (C51CB70010)</a>&nbsp;where the tapes were more reasonably priced&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epson-LabelWorks-Standard-Tape-Cartridge-Black-on-White-1-2-Inch-30-Feet-LC-4WBN9/dp/B005S0KE7G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epson LabelWorks Standard Tape Cartridge (Black on White) (~1/2 Inch, ~30 Feet) (LC-4WBN9)</a>&nbsp;(competition is good.. now Brother has the better pricing for tapes! so lesson learned is keep an eye on both... or perhaps the answer is to buy one of each unit so you can always get the least expensive tapes?!) and had a better selection such as the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epson-LabelWorks-Metallic-LC-Tape-Cartridge-3-4-Inch-Black-on-Gold-LC-5KBM9/dp/B005S0KF2U/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epson LabelWorks Metallic LC Tape Cartridge ~3/4-Inch Black on Gold (LC-5KBM9)</a>&nbsp;and the high visibility&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Epson-LabelWorks-Fluorescent-LC-Tape-Cartridge-3-4-Inch-Black-on-Yellow-LC-5YBF9/dp/B005S0KFTS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Epson LabelWorks Fluorescent LC Tape Cartridge ~3/4-Inch Black on Yellow (LC-5YBF9)</a>&nbsp;we've been hooked on our Epson and it's tapes.
If you are looking for a great ereader, you cannot go wrong with this Nook or the Kindle latest generation, in my book they are both on the top shelf.  Now if we could just get one that is a smashed together version of both their great features into one unit.
5397	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality
To load software from the computer to the Rio500, you use the AudioManager software that comes with your Rio. On 3 of 4 computers I tried the Rio software on, the software failed to properly interact with the Rio,  popping up a dialog saying, "Either your Rio is busy or it has insufficient  memory. Try turning your Rio off, then on again." A brain dead message - I  wasn't trying to copy anything to my Rio, so memory isn't an issue here.  Diamond's tech support did find a work-around that worked on 1 of the 3  failing computers, though.
6. All of the above also applies to shaving or putting on makeup
3370	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased 2 Universal Travel AC Wall Adapters, with USB Charger, for my daughters' trips to Europe.  Both units worked for about 1 day or less, when they stopped working during use.  They used them with dual voltage camera battery chargers.  I had also given them straight plug adapters.  Thank God that I did!  The straight plug adapters, which I bought in 1999, still worked, and lasted them the rest of the trip.  Good thing I also included USB charger units.  So they could not charge 2 items at the same time, since the new wall adapters broke, but they got their gadgets charged with the other plugs.
2785	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	did not work. at all. It sat in my USB socket overnight, the blue indicator light was brightly indicating SOMETHING.

9840	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This came free with my Brother PT90. You can't complain about free! This works great for my projects, and is a nice thing to have as a backup tape.
2369	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Stopped working after two uses
4852	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is one of the few quality VHS Head Cleaner items still available on the market.  Some of the newer VHS Player devices "reject" this tape when you press "Play" because it knows that it is not a real VHS cassette tape.  So then you have to press play multiple times to get it to run across the heads long enough.  Otherwise this item seems to be effective to adequately clean the tape heads in your VCR.  Enjoy!
3946	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent right to requestas I expected

2947	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works fine for the price
radios (for head-set-use) for VOR use are a little touchy. I prefer using the
6818	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	What I like about these tapes is the quality of the mechanism and the tape itself is high grade. I've had a lot of problems with tracking of almost everything TDK makes these days. I think TDK just doesn't care anymore about the limited VHS market and so are purchasing OLD high grade tape. Maxell on the other hand still is putting out good quality tape, and they are consistantly good quality with no tracking issues. However, if a vender cannot get the tapes to you in one piece due to inadequate packaging, then why bother!
965	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Delivered on time and working like a champion!
9287	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect

So I got these and they work fine.
6999	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item is exactly what it claims to be: a very long USB extension.  Male to female, gray, stylishly modern.  Who cares?  It's a cable, not a car.  There isn't that much to screw up.
I found reviewers who say the Nook HD+ only has one speaker, but the B&N site says stereo.  Who was I to believe?
I have four of the little green Brother hobby labelers that I've used for going on 20 years. Amazon is keeping me stocked up with label material so I can keep on labeling.
4902	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Frankly I was surprised this actually worked.  But it did.  DVD drive works great now.  All you get is this disk which is a CD, and it says the instructions are on the disk.  You play the first song and the first song plays a little musical interlude then tells you to skip to track 3.  Track 3 tells you, hey dude you are all done! and you are left wondering if you missed something (like what about track 2?).  But it works.  there's a tiny brush glued to the CD.
1412	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have recently purchased the Nook hd 9" 32gb tablet. This is an upgrade from the Nook color, which was not an android. This new Nook has to be the greatest gift I ever gave to myself! Ha-Ha. It is a larger tablet, big beautiful screen. Everything works great! It will take me a little time to get used to all of its capabilies. Now I can watch all the tv shows & movies I couldn't on my old tablet. Also it has greater sound-I don't even need earplugs to listen to movies. All of the apps available are astounding. I don't even know what some of them are for, I'm not exactly a tech wiz!  Anybody wanting to upgrade or buy a new tablet, this is the perfect one. They even just lowered the price again to $169.00. I am now in heaven! Thank you Barnes & Noble Nook!
7272	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this because my favorite architectural style is "storybook" and I was looking for something along that vein.  This fits the bill perfectly and looks very cute on my deck.
6) I opened one of my PDF doc and it came up with a huge font size


3018	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had a small notebook computer which had no internal DVD/CD drive so I purchased this. I have used it to run and install countless programs and not once has it ever given me trouble. I have also installed and played many games and it has a fast read speed and gets the job done in a timely fashion, I highly recommend.

2516	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The circuit board is apparently really cheap, because it snapped in half about a week after I started using it. I've broken a few chargers in my day, but never at the circuit board!
2)  I'm a bit confused on the location of the "tripod socket" at the front of the binoculars.  It's a standard 1/4" tripod socket, but I'm not sure what good it does where it is.  Really just a "wtf" more than anything, since I probably won't ever need a tripod anyway.
5429	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Used as extension to move PC to another workstation. Price was right, received quickly and in perfect condition. Received within specified time frame.
4074	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works on dish network receiver
2158	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very bright light.
All of them are excellent products, and very easy to install.
4580	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
9310	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The product is not what advertised. I bought this for the S-Video for my dreamcast but it DID NOT work!!  Only the AV connector worked.  It was cheap so it's not worth my hassle for me to return it.  I gave this seller a neutral review and now he's begging to reverse the review.  That's not going to happen.  That's what you get for selling a cheap low grade product.

7884	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice power strip. I like these new smart socket power strips. This is my second and will be the only way to go in the future.
5706	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It wouldn't even load correctly in my DVD player.... therefore I couldn't press play... it just kept spinning in the loading mechanism and is HORRIBLE.  Do not buy for DVD use!!!!  BEWARE!
3951	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought this to hook up my Motorola Photon 4G to my 60 inch TV. worked like a charm. you cant beat the price too. all in all, its a good product to have if your internet is down and you want to stream HDMI from your phone/device to your TV like Netflix etc.

7754	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it says it does . Great cable worked perfect .
It has and still does work so well that I purchased two others.
1037	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got it to use with my HTC Evo (Android) phone. It works great! To ensure formatting worked I simply put the card into the phone, and then connected the phone via USB to my computer and transferred the files via USB connection. The files and phone worked fine. A little storage space was lost due to the Android formatting or something or other, but with that much space I didn't notice. I have had 10 movies and tv shows on my phone and still not run out of space.

708	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was shooting blindly when I purchased this along with my tv just hoping it'd work. I'm a firm believer in 'you get what you pay for' and i was thinking '25$, compared to the 120$ at Best Buy... this won't work'. However I figured what the hell, with amazons amazing return policy I figured I couldn't lose. This mount works like a dream. I have it holding my 32" tv in the corner of the room. It supports the weight even though the arm on the wall, is about 10" from the attached tv. It doesn't sag at all.
555	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was hesitant about mounting my larger flat screen (47" LG) onto the wall - what happens if it falls off!  After looking at mounts at Target and Best Buy that were $100+, would this possibly work?
4326	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a 10 foot HDMI cable, good build quality and packaging!
I read some ratings that had problems with getting it working. One of them was also a Honda. Here is what you do. It took me about 10 minutes of playing around to get it to work at all. I put it in and it would FF/REVERSE then eject. Finally I put it in when the car player was set to CD. I pressed the CD again to make sure it was on CD. After the cassette adaper settled in, I switched to Cassette and it worked fine. This seems to be the only way to make it work.
1582	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this tablet last month from my Community Colleges bookstore, which is connected with B&N. I was originally gonna get a laptop, but I seen this tablet was just released so I got this instead. I paid 180 for it. It came with some pre-installed apps, some of them can be removed, while others cant. The Google ones can't be uninstalled. Your gonna have about three gbs of memory left, but you'll have even more storage with a memory card (microSDHC). The screen display is is very crisp! I mainly use this tablet to read books, browse the internet, listen to music and watch movies, so I'll just touch on those things.

2494	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Best for use in older or new cars
6363	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These VHS tapes are good but after I got them I realized that I needed more time but this was no fault of the Manufacturer and since they are no longer available it does not matter now.
3617	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
2486	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Will not stay in, have to push in at each use.
The next day, I booted my system and turned on my printer.  I worked on a document and tried to print it out.  It didn't work.  I tried all the troubleshooting suggestions, and it still didn't work.  Eventually, I wound up setting aside my laser printer and buying a cheap inkjet with a USB port.  I'm hoping somebody will produce a better adapter in the near future, but I'm not holding my breath.
1005	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product is used in my Samsung Galaxy Note 2 phone.  I haven't had any read/write problems with it.  It seems fast enough to play music and videos.


487	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Installation was a breeze. Will work with any Vesa mount TV. Tilts and rotates with ease. Can't beat the value!
Also, there's one physical button.  Standard android buttons such as menu (right-click) and back aren't always around in the UI, and holding home doesn't bring up a list of open applications as it does in carrier or stock android.  They should have put those standard 2 buttons on the device.  Update after a month rooted: use Button Savior, which gives soft buttons with a flyout.  Once in a while, you have to use NT Hidden Settings to check USB Debugging unless you use Cyanogen.  Update post Cyanogen: CM7 can have soft buttons (back, menu, home, etc) displayed all the time, if desired, and has Button Savior installed as well.

Before I bought this camera, I worked for three decades for newspapers and in communications offices of governmental and nonprofit agencies doing the same kind of work I do now. In all those years I never used a camera that was as easy to use as this one, nor did I use one where transmitting the product from the equipment to e-file was easier.

1686	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The ONLY reason I finished this book is because I try to finish every book I start.  I  was so lost I couldn't figure out what was going on. Then when i thought the book was over it started up again. Oh well glad it's over. On to something else.

6093	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	After saving a folder full of pics to a CD-R, my drive couldn't read the disc.  I put in a DVD to test it and it started skipping right away.  I went to the local office supply store and bought a cheap lens cleaner.  The DVD played a little better but still skipped.  Three minutes with the Allsop Ultra Pro and my DVD played perfectly.  I put my CD in and viewed all my pics.  Must be that carbon fiber technology.
3731	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	nice
7328	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is just an extension cable to be used for a keyboard.  Most keyboards today have very short cables and this fixed the problem.  You may want to tape the two cables together with electrical tape to prevent them from pulling apart but mine had not pulled out so far.
9273	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	MY KIDS LUVE IT
9319	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Can't go wrong with Brother labels. This is well made and up to the standard of the black on white tape I normally buy.
Cons: eInk display requires you to operate at a bit slower pace than the touchscreen alone would allow. (Also: Not sure why the price from this supplier is abnormally high?)
543	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Haven't yet set it up, but like that it can be moved from side to side. definitely worth the price!!!
62	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am using this with our very high 4th grade students and they are loving the book.  I found a resource online that is helping them analyze the characters/setting/themes/etc. and learn about foreshadowing and flashback. They are enjoying the story because it isn't just another WWII story about the Nazis.  Instead, it is WWII when Japan invated Burma.
1348	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this Nook!!!  And got a GREAT deal on it.
5846	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice, extra brushes, gets the job done while playing some smooth music.
6554	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I saw the mixed reviews but went ahead and took a chance on this.  I am happy to report that it was in fact 3 feet and works perfectly connecting my modem to my computer.  The price was great the big box store wanted $25 for a 6 foot cord.

* Not as format-restrictive as the Kindle or Sony reader
9214	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This camera worked only for a short time.  The battery would never hold a charge.  Went in the trash.

2987	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Purchased for a friend who thinks a computers only useful role is to show him movies.
8658	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice quality speaker mic. PTT switch never fails like some of the cheaper mics. I have this for my radio and have purchased 2 of these for co workers. They look and feel like quality.
7073	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The USB extension cable works great.  I purchased four of these for my Xbox 360 and Rock Band and Guitar Hero games (I prefer the wired setup to the wireless).  The cables work just as you would expect.  No surprises here, but any surprise would mean bad things.
 and they are all quality products at a very reasonable price.

7120	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good

Yeah, that's about all folks.
- My best pal has the 1st gen Kindle and also the touchscreen version. She loves them. Aside from having to convert the files to their silly MOBI format, our devices seem very similar. We are just two sides of the same coin.
8888	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect cable at unbelievable price!
9338	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
B&N first auto-sent a FAQ. Hold the two buttons long time. Recharge, lida. OK, Joe?
681	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with this affordable wall mount for my Sony 32" Internet TV. One nice feature ist that you can swivel the mounted TV depending on where you are seated.
2949	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Delivered as agreed, on time.  Works great with all CD/DVD.

8406	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good

9491	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like the variety of colors choices and combinations now. Arrived quickly as promised
1079	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this item after reading many reviews that it would work on my HTC Rezound.  People reported that a 64 GB card will work on the Rezound, despite that the manufacturer says 32 GB is supported.  64 GB works due to the fact of firmware updates.
160	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine for the Nook!
The monitor itself is bright, clear and with better color than my old Dell 30's.  Not a big deal for me, but it is noticeable.  Even when I see this on one day and my home setup on another day I say, "Hmmm, the newer inexpensive ones look better.  Oh well, moving on."
It connects to my TV well and the audio and video comes through perfectly.
of the same.  I'm not going to spend $3.99 to find out.
3481	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping, exact ft
2501	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use it to power my camera and GPS from a single 12V outlet. I didn't try how much power it can possibly deliver like other people running it through resistors. It might not deliver 3.1A (1+2.1) but I honestly don't care. Does the job I'm asking of it and does it for <$2. Can't beat it.
I haven't had to utilize the surge protector portion of this yet but I pump extremely highly variable 500w current through this with the expectation that it will not false-trip and it has worked perfectly for me so far.
also if you buy it from BN you can buy an 'oops' return warranty (which means if you spill coffee on it or drop it, it can be replaced)
6024	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelente

These headphones do exactly what they're supposed to do. I just wish they were a tad smaller. That would have been brilliant! I mean, these take up more space than my iPod! Another downside, you wouldn't want to use these for exercising because they are pretty bulky. However, they are not meant to be for use in the gym, so I shouldn't complain.

8983	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	My Infinity BU-120 sub-woofer is dead.  The amplifier S53AMI blew and from what I have been able to learn on the web this is not an uncommon problem.  Infinity can't help me since the company that manufactures the S53AMI is no longer in business.  I hope Infinity has learned a good lesson but I'm not going to buy from them or their parent company Harmon Kardon to find out.
1087	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for the larger capacity SD to supplement my SSD main drive and this 64G microSD fit my needs very well.  Absolutely no issues - works exactly as advertised and meets my needs perfectly!
affordable if you go without things like eating out 2x a week for awhile
9301	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this hoping to play my Dreamcast without using the rf connector it came with. Well the cable didn't even work.
6292	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Who misses VHS?

363	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install. Works perfect for my 45 inch. Very sturdy. Love having the option to move the direction of my tv in my room. Wish I got this for my living room as well instead of the flat steady mount.
6877	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love, love, love this shower head.
Don't be you. Be me. Buy lots of different color cables.
2346	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great and its so nice that two people can use it at once
5314	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked great
2237	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Much cheaper than buying in a local store, about one fourth the price. After actually using it, I realize that having a longer one would make some tasks I need it for much easier.
3530	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great so far.  Holds plenty of data in my tablet.
9295	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered different widths and colors to mark videotapes for processing.  Some videotapes will be processed at a commercial facility; some I will process myself.  This was I can use color codes to identify which is which.
Go try one today. I'm fairly confident you'll love it.....unless you don't.


5222	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good radio. Brings in stations well.
After opening the package, the liquid bottle was well sealed and intact [had to pierce the opening which appeared to be sealed].
3267	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works as advertised.  Using in a camera and no problems using or removing data in computer.

7392	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Time I received the tapes and placed in my brand new tape recorder my recorder started eating the tapes. :( Now I have 13 unopened tapes and do not know what to do with them.
2641	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	So far, I have not had any problems with this product.  I test them frequently to make sure they are still working.
The easy configuration of your computer speaker system is a large percentage of its sound and convenience.  Dump these babies for the better sounding Creative Labs setup.


8712	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Pretty good product.  Received it on time and has been using well.


Seems to be well made
8738	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've had my Olympus D340-R camera since April of 1999 and I just can't say enough good things about it. I love it. It is the BEST camera that I've ever owned or used. It has so many functions and the software that comes with it is fabulous. You just can't take a bad picture with this camera.  The ONLY downside is that it does use up batteries quite a bit so I've got  an AC adapter for mine for when I use it indoors. Also when the camera malfunctioned (my fault, water got  spilled on it) Olympus fixed it for free under warranty and had it back to  me within two weeks working perfectly again. I have not ever had such a  positive experience in dealing with a company before. Their warranty  service was excellent and their products are even better.

Maxell's stellar reputation for cassettes and VHS tapes has been a staple of the industry for decades.
I personally don't use the fact that the plugs have different colors, it came with some labels so you could label each plug but I don't use them. The colors make it more attractive though, since it does sit on your desk, and it's isn't just a hunk of gray plastic.
416	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Of the many wall mount brackets I researched, this unit met my specific needs. I needed a unit that provided longer than normal extension arm length because some times the TV must face one direction, and other times at 90 to the wall surface. This mount provides perfect length to rotate the television.
5852	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a last ditch effort to fix the CD burner in my BR1600CD multitrack recorder, as it seemed to have bitten the dust. I ran the disk and it fixed it quickly. Been burning CDs all day. Later on I discovered that the CD player in my iMac wasn't playing anything I fed it. I ran the cleaning disk and it was fixed in minutes.
- purchase titles via wifi or copy from your computer

9687	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased as a refill for my label maker. Item came quickly and works perfect!
3693	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Out of the box use, great speed. Shipping was prompt, and secure. Another great product for a great price. I will be doing more business in the near future.
2149	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This particular design is working out perfectly. It's bright, but because the light source is located on a surface a bit larger than the bulb, it doesn't bleed glare over and in to my eyes.
4665	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The cassette, as other have said, makes a clicking noise as it runs.  I have it in a 2001 Rav4 OEM stereo.  It will also cut out when tracks change on the music player.  Very annoying.  I would not have bought this except for the Maxell name.  Disappointed.
5021	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	still playing this item everyday, no problems with down loading and no problems with the sound...great price
Amanda Richards, January 7, 2012
3979	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product was what the description was saying.
2) Amazon (Kindle) is not a dedicated book store whose sole livelihood is books, like B&N (nook).  Amazon has demonstrated this with its wrangling with publishers to the dismay of both the publishers and Amazon's customers
8096	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a well built cable and is priced at a reasonable price.  Some cables have ends that are really cheap and will break apart or show the wires after a few plug-ins or moving of the device it's plugged into.  These seem to be well put together and Belkin is a quality company IMHO.  I've used a number of their products over the years and I've always been happy with them.
8339	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I picked up my modem and installed it in just a couple of minutes. It was easy. When I log on, it seems to connect at 49333 every time. I guess that is good because my 33.6 connected at 31.9. I was going to buy that $25 one with the $20. rebate but from the reviews - you get what you pay for. I  went with Diamond and I am glad I did. The box says the requirements are  for a pentium 133 or higher. I have a Pentium 120 and it has worked great.


6816	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Decided to stock up on blank tape while I still have the chance.  I haven't made a VHS recording in years, but still play a lot of pre-recorded tapes.  I decided that I should have a few blank tapes around just in case the DVD/HDD machine died for some reason.  This actually happened once already.  I didn't want to get the budget quality tape at the local discount store, so I opted for some decent Maxell High Grade like I used to get.
5931	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GOOD PRODUCT A +++++ FAST SHIPPING GOOD PRICE
Eventually it will rip the glow-light screen and then the light comes blinding out at you and is very distracting.
6797	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	nothing like being able to extend a short apple cable and not lose any data transfer  Highly suggest you pick one or two up
4171	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I remember when all flash cards were $30+ dollars so it is great to get such a good deal with a good amount of space.  I use this for my BlackBerry Tour and I transferred all of my MP3 files to my phone now.  I am happy :)
One minor complaint I've had is that the unit can take a little while to establish its initial satellite lock. Since I live in the suburbs, I'm usually surrounded by houses--and the hilly terrain of Pittsburgh. So it may not be the unit's fault that it can't see the sky very well.
7878	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work Great!
Now with that said, I hope that when you do your research you will consider the Nook, I am surprised that there are not more reviews than the current number of reviews. Well back to my Nook, as I can not put it down!
8173	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Basic wire. Works. Too pricy for a basic part made up of wiring and plastic. Not much more to say.
6730	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	To me, this is one of those simple inventions/products that I really like. I purchased several and use them, especially when I want to charge my smart phone. The charger usb cord that came with the phone is too short to allow me to keep my phone on my desk at work while charging the phone. the outlet nearest my desk is already stuffed with power cords, so I can plug in my charger in another outlet and this extension cable lets it reach my desk in the place I want to have the phone.
been generally abused, had food smeared on it etc.
3587	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	don't know anything about tech but works perfectly for my gopro
5879	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Hey, it's a cable. It works
9032	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This worked just OK. It didn't seem to clean as well as it might.
923	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I own a few of these.  They are good solid microsd cards, and work in most devices, even ones that say they only support up to 32GB cards.

The battery life on my Nook is awful. So much so that I ordered a new battery thinking perhaps I had a dud. Nope - it's performance is just the same. If I am actively reading a book I have to recharge  every 3 days. If I don't read it for 10-14 days it will drain on it's own. Comparing this to my husband's kindle, he can go an entire 2 week trip reading books daily without having to recharge his kindle! It takes a couple months to drain with no usage. The kindle's battery life is mega-much more than my Nook. I have serious battery life envy. For that alone I've begun to covet his kindle.

* Great compatibility with older printers (Dymo Labelwriter 450 and HP Laserjet 2025 specifically tested)
You don't deserve any more than I wrote and ten more words waste my and your valuable time
3791	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Alright
6925	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to extend a printer cable. I always buy Belkin because of superior quality. This cable extension works perfectly. I am very pleased, and at such a great low price.
3679	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The micro sd card worked with no problem whatsoever. The adapter that came with it did not work at all. Luckily i had an extra.
434	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	as described, works great
7967	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	worked.  generic cables.  good value

There are now newer cameras out there.  I find that the 2.1  Megapixel capability of this camera meets my needs and that, given the  recent price reductions, I would buy this Nikon now if I were in the market  today.
2526	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good product at low price.
1329	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You know, it figures that the people who would be most prone to bash the Nook would either be predisposed to like its competition (most likely posting for Amazon incognito...), or are such techno-geeks that nothing EVER meets their impossible-to-meet criteria. They are quick to criticize, and slow to praise. I've read all the criticisms on here thus far and while some have a point, most are absolutely ridiculous or downright untruthful. One guy said he bought four Nooks for Christmas and three out of the four were either rendered inoperable or ceased to function altogether. Sounds like an Amazon-paid poster to me...fishy story.
Beware-- My nook recently did an auto update-- and deleted all the books. Apparenty this happens when you don't update often enough, and there are no cues for updating that I have seen. I saved the books to my computer so I'm okay, except for the unnessesary hassle, but make sure you save the books elsewhere! I have to go re-register the nook, go through all the tutorial crap again, and then re-load the books. A computer doesn't do this for an update, why should my nook? Very frustrating.

I found this to be an easy install and very secure. The swivel is smooth and I can orient my television perfectly. It also has plenty of VESA mount patterns so it will hold just about any TV.
2729	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I don't carry null modem cables anymore.  I carry straight-through cables, and then add this device when needed.
9368	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This tape is so nice. Sticks on everything. I also really love my brother p-touch label maker. Good price too, at the store this item alone was $17! Thanks amazon.
2803	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This is an initial review of this monitor, I just received it today.  Installation was slightly complicated by the fact that the instructions were mostly in an Asian language, but assembly was simple enough that it wasn't much of an obstacle.  The monitor is *BEAUTIFUL* !!!!!!!!!!!
789	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised.
1288	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got my Nook Wi-Fi/3G about 2 months ago, and I love it!  I researched ALOT of ereaders before making the decision to buy the Nook; in fact, I originally bought a Kindle from a local store, but never took it out of the box, and returned it to purchase the Nook.
I read a  few reviews of the CCRadio and another model kept popping up as the  undisputed CHAMP of Long Distance AM Radio Reception, the standard against  which other contenders are measured, the one, the only, ladies and  gentlemen, let's hear it for the GE 7-2887 Superadio III.  Wow, I thought,  how often I had seen them at WalMart and Kmart and how often I said to  myself, yeah, right, Superadio, ha ha.  Yet, here were some of the  toughest-to-please SOBs who ever twiddled a tuning knob using this radio as THE benchmark.  I was intrigued.
3) 4k monitors may require more than 1 connection (aka 2 dvi port connections) to run well.
the clean up Procedure and the results were amazing I cleaned my Denon 2000F MK3
I recommend it.


All in all, it's  nice to finally have a case, built well with a notepad. But given the lack of replacement notebooks readily for sale for this case and no pen loop to carry a writing instrument makes it weak. I can use the case in right handed mode, but they sell it as left handed compatible and it really isn't as functional as it should be. They instead should release a second model that IS built for left handed and not make one unit semi-reversible.
A loving relationship grows between Mary and the pastor. But if he knew about her sordid past -- ? And what can Mary do for the pastors oldest daughter to save her from self-destruction?
Don't get a unit that simply insulates the sound - you might as well use earplugs or sealing earbuds. There is nothing wrong with that solution, it is just that the solution of generated countersound (exactly out of phase, exactly the right amount and frequency for the sound that is incoming), especially when the countersound is based on microphones that are right at the earphones - as far as I am concerned, nothing works as well.
3558	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This item was just as advertised. I've only used it once but it functioned great. The item was a good buy and I am very pleased.

Two stars because it does actually work, but that seems a bit generous...
6293	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast service  Product as described


4142	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice to see an HDMI cable thats reasonably priced. I looked up the equivalent monster cable, out of curiosity, and its around $250. This does the same job at a fraction of the cost.
Overall, the camera is worth  the investment and it is an excellent camera for someone new to digital  photography.
7346	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this to connect an old PS/2 keyboard to my HTPC, and it works fine. I bought this to replace a generic brand that wore out, so hopefully this name brand will be better.
1443	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	i got a 16gb microsd off of amazon for under $14.00 and it holds just little over 8k books, it was what swayed be over the kindle fire, that and the 1gb of ram vs 512mb. Now that they released a 8gb nook for $199.00 its price point is on par with the fire, and has the option of expansion, and  a simple hack allows for a custom android launcher, and i can easily install the amazon app store(and kindle app), android market place, and have a very decent wifi tablet, tbh i wasn't much of a analog book reader, but with this little nook tablet i've been averaging a book a week, along with .99-1.99 monthly magazine subscriptions.
 It is basically a cheap item, price wise- but it does the job!
4254	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly. Nice length.
2249	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this cable works FANTASTIC and i didn't have to pay $60 for it. i highly recommend!! so glad i gave a cheap price hdmi a shot.


Like many, many other owners, though, a couple weeks ago my NSTGL developed what looks like a tear under the surface of the screen, letting bright white light to shine through.  I called B&N, and they promptly replaced my defective unit with a refurbished one.  That arrived a little over a week ago.  Two days ago, the replacement unit developed a similar screen defect.  This one has been treated very gently.
6351	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good qualtiy with well-designed connectors.  Extremely useful for short-disstance connections between router and other equipment.
I seem to be able to type  faster using this keyboard than I have using other keyboards.
* Standard printer caveats apply, but I got a foomatic printer (an HP Color LaserJet CP1215 using foo2zjs) that I had working locally work just fine when connecting through this box.
3736	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Item
3138	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	got it to work on a desktop but not a laptop.
I cannot say enough good things about this camera. If you're  just looking for a camera to record your friends, family, and life, this is  the one.
2306	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fast shipping great product
7311	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The connector that came with my HDTV stuck out enough from the wall that I couldn't get the TV mounted flush.  This worked great.  Besides being flat, the plug rotates - very nice feature.  The price was pretty good too (even tho S&H more than doubled it).  Just to note: this is not a typical extension cord, it has one end that is made to be used with the special power connectors used on many computers, printers and TVs.
1950	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great little light.  Works well.  Could perhaps be brighter but I'm being pernickety.  A good little gadget.
403	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very fast shipping and right one Thanks !
8815	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice addition to my walkie talkies. Make sure you have the right model Walkie Talkies for this Mic.
8175	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Exactly as advertised and shown. Nice quality, "snag-free" (meaning it has a molded ridge on the cable end to help try to avoid snagging the port clip), and fully molded (not crimped) cables. A good buy, especially with Prime shipping.
1422	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Hi folks,
8605	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	got this and works better than I expected.
1227	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	At first I was torn between the Nook Simple Touch and the Kindle Paperwhite. I chose the Nook because of price and the absence of ads while reading a book. I had though that the Nook did not have a good dictionary function, but learned otherwise after it's purchase. All one needs to define a word from the dictionary is to place their finger on the word for two seconds and then chose the Look Up option on the bottom menu displayed on the left.
6913	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We were very pleased with this product.  It arrived in the time specified.  The item was as described.  No complaints.
4959	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a single CD plyer in my 2003 car.  Never cleaned the lens the entire time I own it.  Lately it's been scratching my CDs, and frequently not playing them.
This is definitely worth a try at a zero cost.

6840	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As expexted
1267	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Let me start off by saying that I am a fan of Amazon.com. In the past month alone, I have made at least 12 purchases.  I was browsing around just now and decided to see what Amazon.com customers thought of my newest electronic device.  I was thrilled to see the high rating, but disappointed to see the price; $40.00 more than the thing costs at B/N since its release last month.  Amazon, you need to do better here!
The battery box details are important. There is a smaller one that takes 6 AA batteries. This is designed for regular AA batteries and does not have a charger built into it. The other battery box takes 8 AA batteries. This one has a charger built into it, so you could fill it with rechargeable batteries and use the included charger to charge them without taking them back out of the box. This charger plugs into an AC wall plug - it is not a car charger. You cannot charge the batteries with the car adapter included because it requires you to take the battery box off of the radio to connect the car adapter. I knew this going in, but it is something you should be aware of.
8475	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	While I'm not exactly a shortwave hobbyist I've used shortwave radios on every one of my travels overseas. That being said the YB 400 PE is the best SW I've ever had. This Grundig brings a lot of features to the table such as digital tuning, forty presets, great capture of stations and above average sound. I've really enjoyed using the 400 and its great features.
9085	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the maxwell brand.
5952	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent
908	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is what it is
9239	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just got the camera two days ago and have been tinkering with it ever since.  The macro mode alone makes this camera a worthy investment.  I do agree with others that the manual controls are a little tricky but I figure  if you manage to get a good picture then you earned it.  I have not been  disappointed yet by the quality.  Picked up 8 rechargeable batteries and a  64 mb card and I haven't looked back since.
  The sound quality when it does work is also very mumbled. We ended up never using these and sticking with using the stand alone units to have conversations. A big waste of 20$ on our part since we waited until after the return period to try them! Arrgh
750	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE June 2011: My original review is based on have the first two volumes in this collection. This was a combined Birthday & Father's Day gift, allowing me to comment on the full item.
9096	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works really well
1595	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is an interesting idea.  A Chinese policeman comes to the UK to look for his daughter who is in trouble.  He speaks no English and has immense difficulties finding his way around and finding any information.

7985	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good enough price, nice ends, good sheathing.
8063	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this case as an accessory to my HP 315 PhotoSmart digital camera. I like the camera very much so it may be biasing my view of the bag, but here goes:
The label material it self is a heat transfer label.  Meaning if it gets hot it will become black.  The green is more of a mint green, which is not an issue unless you are trying to make it match something. Overall, the resulting label is very resilient to fading in the sun, being pealed off of most surfaces (some plastics like Rubbermaid they do not stick to) and the size is very readable in both large and small fonts which my Brother pTouch prints.
3008	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Drive simply will not mount. I imagine this must be fine for the person it works for but I'm returning mine as non-functioning.
8130	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed a shorter cable to hook things up around the TV to a router.  Cable is good quality and works perfectly fine.

(4)  According the the User's Manual, that Normal-Wide button works only on AM, not FM.

Sadly, one I bought ended up having an issue, where it was stuck in read only mode.  I could access and copy the data off it no problem, but could make no changes at all.  For example, no deleting of data (the files/directories would appear to be deleted, and then revert back), no new data (would disappear), and the drive could not be formatted (would error out).  Trying to run repair utilities on it would also fail.  The great thing about Sandisk, and why I use their cards almost exclusively, is that I was able to go online and fill out a warranty claim, and in less than 48 hours they sent me a postage paid mailing label to return the faulty card to them for a replacement.
5074	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had one of these for about ten years and love it.  It lives in my shower.  The plastic on top has cracked over the years but it works fine.  i use it to listen to the local tv station news in the morning.  i just bought two more for my kids.
One last comment: the batteries last quite a while.  I use it at least 20 - 30 mintues a day and have only replaced the batteries once in three years.
9060	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	cleans good
Due to an understandable conflict of interest, Amazon video isn't compatable here.
John Ray provides a solid, uncomplicated tour of these machines and has arranged the information so that it's easy to understand. Of course, a how-to book is not necessarily designed to read from cover to cover and this one is well indexed and organized so that answers to questions can be found easily.
6952	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Cable does not work.  I intended to use this 10 foot extension between a laptop and an external hard drive and it did not connect.  Direct connection works find.  I tried it with a printer and it also failed.  I didn't get around to checking it our immediately as I didn't expect any problem with a simple cable.  My 30 day return has expired.
7973	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Way cheaper than buying a retail cable and works perfectly with my ps3 & ps4 to patch to my 5 port switch
3279	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far so good.  I got this for my Galaxy s4 and it works just like it should.  It's good.
1797	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
8760	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this DVD from Amazon in November, have watched wellover 20 DVD's (see why later) and played a lot of CDs. Nolip-sync. The CD sounds even better than my other CD deck. What I like most is the headphone jack that allows me to listen to CD and watch DVD just with the DVD machine powered on, without disturbing others. Now the best part... that even Amazon staff does not know. This machine qualifies for 7 free DVDs and 33 free rental (10 from Netflix, 13 from Blockbuster via Sony coupon and 10 from Blockbuster 10/20 program). I waited until now to write this comment because I want to verify the above. I got all that.  What can I say: outstanding picture, gorgeous sound (I had a full 5 speakers sound system mated to a 5X100 Watts Dolby Digital, DTS receiver), and all the freebies listed above. You must be nut for buying any other DVD brand. After all, this is a Sony!

3464	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good
3815	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I no longer buy any accessories for a GPS (or cell phone accessories or other tech accessories)directly from the retail shop where I've purchased these items, as Amazon offers these accessories at a much better price and the Generic versions I've purchased are excellent and reliable - in this case, a charger for my Garmin NUVI 1490T.  Very happy with my purchase.  I've had the item for over 2 years now and it still charges perfectly.  Trust Amazon's sellers on items like this.
1234	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I found tablets and phones lack the battery life and quiet simplicity of this type of specialised product.
It's easy to use from buying it to using it. The size  made me realize to get it, but I'm still using Cd players for the rest of  the day. It did what I expected(only jogging), but I rather have those with  Gigs as in memory instead of only megs.
The  floppy drive enables us to share our pics at any time, even with friends  that have older computers or (God forbid) a Mac. Almost any computer can  read the format-standard JPEG used by the Mavica cameras. You can even dupe  a disk in the middle of nowhere. Try that with a smart card! If you want to  make a living with artful photography look higher up the line, or at the  Olympus 600. If you want to make a living on eBay, or just have fun with  your camera, it's hard to beat the Mavica for convenience and versatility.
5848	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Tapes work well...need to order more!
9952	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works Great
There are color screen shots of everything described in the book.  Sometimes when learning about the terminology, you will finally know what the initials stand for, like PPOE (Point-to-Point Protocol over Ethernet).  But it will not always set it up in a definition-like format, so you might have to pay close attention.  But that is probably just an exception.  There is no glossary of terminology, but there is a detailed index which should work the same for you.
3280	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
3025	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No problems, plug and play, does what it needs to do as expected. Used on Windows 7 x64 and Windows 8 x64.
Look Ma, no fingerprints:

566	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Compared to many of the other mounts, this one was a great value! Comes with a bunch of different parts to fit different sized tvs. Range of motion is exactly what I was looking for and I have no qualms about fully extending the arm forward with full weight of the tv. A bit difficult to install by yourself if you have a larger tv and if you have to keep in mind how much area you need if you were to fully extend it left and right (arm length plus tv width).
2066	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Convenient, Does not get in your way when attempting to hold the book.
This card works great in Red Hat Linux AND Windows. It is the only Netgear card certified for Red Hat Linux 7. As a matter of fact I'm ordering a 4th FA-310TX card to replace a Linksys card right now. I'm involved in Linux and am presently converting an Emachines box to a 100% Red Hat Linux 7 machine. I ran into trouble with the Linksys FastEthernet 10/100 (Version 2) card in this box. It turns out Red Hat 7 can see that card, but not the Linksys chip, so I need to replace it. End of my use of Linksys cards (but they work just great in Windows networks and I have a complete Linksys-based network running for a client as well.) I'll probably stick to Netgear in the future.

4572	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This one works great. I recommend it.
I've played with an iPad and it's a very fun device. But what I don't like is a glowing backlit screen, as I look at a monitor all day. When I read, I want to relax and give my eyes a break, and that's why I prefer eInk displays.
-Browsing the internet and playing games via the tiny touchscreen is cumbersome. Not to mention the internet function is quite basic and everything is of course in eink
8087	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to review here.  They were inexpensive CAT 5e patch cables.  They work just fine.  Construction was fine.  I would have no problem buying these again if I needed more patch cables.
9024	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it

628	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R18KGW8FFY849H" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1ZpyRq-VHS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71Ngg418RoS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;My boys recently got the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Hiteker-LCD37A5F-37-Inch-1080p-60Hz-LCD-HDTV-Black/dp/B009APC0S6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Hiteker LCD37A5F 37-Inch 1080p 60Hz LCD HDTV (Black)</a>&nbsp;as a Christmas present. It mounts with a VESA 400 x 200 pattern, which is in the product description for this mount, but was not clear from the 3 options given in the documentation. To mount 400 x 200 you need to attach the extensions horizontally. For some reason this possibility isn't mentioned as one of the three options A, B, C which all have the extensions going out diagonally. The mount itself is 200 mm high, so you just need to extend it out to the sides. Another reviewer mistakenly thought it was not possible to mount a 400x200 TV (understandably given the documentation), so I wanted to leave this info here for anybody who needs it.


9401	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly and it was way cheaper than buying in Brazil.
7071	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just a simple extension cable for your USB device.  It does exactly that with no fuss.  Sturdy, as most Belkin products are, and reliable.

3683	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered two of these cards for my son's GoPro Hero 2 camera. He was pleasantly surprised and put them to use immediately.
- a bit heavy, I assume primarily due to speakers (it has two, one of which is quite large) and built-in power adapter;
5795	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect if you have an older type keyboard plug and need to use a PS-2 type keyboard with it.
9147	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	DO YOU REALLY NEED SEPERATE DISCS FOR REGULAR DVD & BLU-RAY?? I GUESS SO.

The cable is sufficiently short so as not to get in the way, sufficiently long as to be easy to position, sufficiently flexible so as not to impede movement. Lightweight, takes knocks well. Would absolutely recommend.

7240	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's quite but larger than expected. That's fine with me.
7703	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good product

9165	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Had and old Hi-8 camcorder and wanted to see if it worked.  Needed this tape to test.
3594	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works fine, just what I wanted.  It fits in the Camera.
The software (I use a Macintosh) is well done  and makes it very easy to transfer songs to the player itself. The only  thing I was less than perfectly happy with was the wait while the songs  copy (in the scheme of things, a very small flaw). The USB interface was no  problem at all, even on an older, less compatible iMac (Revision A).
I'm not  an audiophile by any sense of the imagination. But to my ears, the 722  makes incredibly high quality copies of any music source. I found it easy  to attach the recorder to my computer and move MP3 files to MD. Granted,  this isn't as fast as a Rio, or Nomad... 74 minutes of MP3s take 74 minutes  to move to MD. However, the time difference is more than made up in the  ability to switch mixes instantly.
My copy of this book was provided by Bethany House in exchange for my honest review.
2859	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works great

3988	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works fine
The amazon version is much better, & I've never had a problem with it.
5938	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works great. cleans CD lenses (or at least i think thats what it is doing!)
5758	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted. Always trust Belkin products.

5860	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great
9337	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fits label maker and makes labels.
8022	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good cable. Serves the purpose. Long wires (7 feet). Works just fine.
- buggy
3816	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have had this item for about a year. It does what it is made for and have had no problems at all.
The cable is mostly unexceptional.  It's grey and has a plastic jacket.  The cable itself seems a bit thin, but then USB is only 4 conductors.  The ends are sorta thick and durable feeling, so I guess that's a plus.  The connector shields were tin with gold pins.  The shield material doesn't matter, though, since that's not even electrically connected to anything.
4689	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Maxell manufactures excellent "Xlii high bias" 90 minute cassette tapes for all purpose general recording. As long as you have the right kind of equipment, these tapes record the sounds of record albums, radio shows, CD-Rs, people talking and more. These tapes have 90 minutes worth of blank recording tapes on them so there are 45 blank minutes for recording on each side. Record lectures, music, conversations, piano playing and more--whatever you want! The tape playback will work well in any basic tape deck including the one in your car.
7238	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are very cute and provide needed light.

The package arrived exactly.
2108	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The quality is good on this item and I think it will last a while but the light generated is very lacking.  I find that I need to keep the bulb within 3 or 4 inches of my book for it to be helpful.  It's a very dim light and not bright at all.
My impression is that one cannot go wrong with purchasing this as a guide to the Mac/MacBook, especially if one is highly accustomed to Windows or a much earlier version of Mac OS, though all Macs come with helpful guides within the system that can be found in Spotlight or Help. The Apple website has many sources of helpful information, also, such as tutorials.
2579	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bough this because it was cheap and my mom and sister are always fighting over who gets to charge who's iPhone first while we're driving. This solved those fights, now they can both charge their phones at the same time and it charges them pretty fast.
5859	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	same as the rest-ok

Durability- I haven't abused it by any stretch of the imagination- yet- but it did take a fall off a coffee table and didn't crack/break/show any sort of damage
Add to that that currently if you buy one at BN and don't like it, you have 2 weeks to return it for a full refund as long as it is still in new condition (so no attempting to root the device, which from what the rep told me will brick it unlike the Colour)
Its faster than usb readers(max 12mbps) and of course really more faster than cable connection from the device(1.2mbps), the speed limit its the speed of you're CF card(more than 12x its great).
5862	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GOOD JOB!

5254	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these for the engineers that I work for!  Many different people have tried them and they have all said they work well in a work environment to block out the noise!
5227	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it is sensitive and because of it range, you can tweek in stuff from far away, and then flick a switch and pow even more range....had a halicrafters 3 band radio beck when I was a kid, it had range with the external antenna, but this is a very good radio, under battery power or plugged in..............good buy for the price!!!!!
That said, Moleskine ought to offer both a "left" and "right" handed version if the case.  I would think it'd be easy to simply flip the design.  Then people could choose which version they wanted.
2550	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great. It arrived promptly as expected. Good deal.
911	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Loads of storage space for my GoPro camera. Haven't maxed it out yet, but I've put a ton of content on it already.
2003	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Clear colorful and complete. This reference card is concise,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nikon-D80-10-2MP-Digital-SLR-Camera-Kit-with-18-135mm-AF-S-DX-Zoom-Nikkor-Lens/dp/B000HGIWN4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nikon D80 10.2MP Digital SLR Camera Kit with 18-135mm AF-S DX Zoom-Nikkor Lens</a>clear and easy to view and understand. 1st Class
5313	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Garbage do not order unless you want to break your DVD or CD player
6411	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it is a 3 foot Ethernet cord....it works, it's blue, it gets 5 stars. I have to type a few more words to give it a review.
I like the ease with which you can download titles from the public library (you download to Adobe Digital Reader, which your library provides free, and then transfer the Epub books to your Nook with the USB cable provided).  The program recognized my Nook without any glitches.

6751	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what it says it is...it works!
4506	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	These things barely stay on your head and the sound is pretty tinny. My wife was sorta glad when one of the cats chewed through the cord.
The cable was long enough and works great. Good price too, would buy again if I ever need another.
276	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My MacBook is good, general book and all things MacBook (and by default OS X). It is thorough in its coverage of every regular type of task or operation that anyone would need to do with their MacBook and it includes full color step by step instructions that will walk you through each task or operation and will help you get comfortable with OS X and your MacBook and become proficient in all the routine things that you will use your MacBook for. This includes managing your network and internet access, managing and customizing your desktop and menu bar, playing music and video, sharing files and accessing shared files over a network, sharing hardware such as printers and scanners, recording, editing, publishing video to various media including websites such as YouTube, setup and manage a MobileMe account, securing your data, troubleshooting problems with OS X, using Safari and Mac Mail, communicating with iChat, and much more.
4313	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works as advertised. would recommend to others to purchase.
9974	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've purchase several of these radios to use on motorcycles they work good for the money.
The lights for scroll  lock, num lock, and caps lock are located in the center of the keyboard, in  the break between the left and the right hand side of the home row.  This  is good because they are easier to notice than when the lights are in the  keys or next above the number lock.
I read the lows and highs comments before buying this cleaner.  Customer serviss was great.  Got a bad one and notified Amazon and the supplier promptly offered replacement or refund.  Thought maybe I got a lemon so asked for replacement.  Unfortunately #2 does not work either.  Tried both cleaners on 3 different brands in my house and experienced what some 1 star commenters did.  Tape would not progress, turned off the machine, would not rewind, would not progress through the machine.  Regular tapes play, rewind and eject just fine.  But the original and replacement head cleaner tapes had problems.  I've given this product 2 stars because of the fine customer service.  If you buy one and experience the same I and other low start commenters experienced, it seems you can get your money back without problem.

2078	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Have been using Mighty Bright book lights well over a decade, possibly two: the design and price keep getting better.  They are super bright; the neck is never floppy; the clip stays on tight; the colors are stylish and the finish on them never peels.  I take 2 traveling and use them on the plane and in my hotel room.  Just came back from a safari in Africa where they were indispensable flashlights, too.
9098	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
9558	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fits my old label maker.
This cable will damage the connector in time because it doesn't fit properly.
9247	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product
5244	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I read some of the negative reviews, but bought anyway.  It works great for us.  I was especially thrilled to have it in all the recent storms.  My husband listens to a lot of AM talk radio and totes it all over the house - inside and out.  He gets great reception, and couldn't be happier with the product.  We have both receommended this to our friends/family already.
6128	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good value
1598	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This novel's topic--trafficking of people isn't an easy one to read about when you think about the reality of trafficking. However, as a stand alone novel, the author did a great job of offering insight into the reality without patronizing the reader with polemic and statistics, for instance.
2377	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used mine all the time until my girlfriend gave it away.
3960	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Plays 1080 full video to my TV with no issues at all. Fits my Canon Powershot ELPH100. The HTC-100 was expensive and its a great alternative. Excellent!
9852	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed to get a good selection of color ribbons for my label making machine, so I turned to amazon
5854	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very effective product. I like it very much. I will definitely definitely buy it again for a friend as a gift.
7152	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a reliable brand and does exactly what it is supposed to do.  Great product for the price.  I only needed one, but was tempted to purchase more just because it was a great value.  I would buy again.
1278	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great for traveling, love it

  The FM performance is nothing to write home about, hardly any different from any other radio you might buy. It has AFC to help control the drift, and it seems to work just fine. But it's a mono radio, and the speaker quality limits the sound quality. It's bad enough that it will wear you out if you listen to music for long. There are tone controls, but no amount of fiddling with the bass and treble will fix it. If you want a good-sounding FM Radio, get the Tivoli Model One. It's about 3x the price but the sound is about 10x better. It's clear to me that virtually all the price of the GE went into the AM receiver part, and the rest of it was compromised to meet the *very low* price.
4122	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	nice long hdmi cable
2001	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	An overpriced flow chart. Best use the money towards a complete book describing the D300 and its features. The book supplied by Nikon with the D300 is excellent and there are other books that are also very informative.
I was surprised by the good reception.  Highly recommended.
686	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For such a cheap mount, it works well. I installed in in about 20 minuets and use it to hole a 32" Vizio LED.
9367	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got what I wanted when I wanted it and I do not like having to use a minimum number of words
1112	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	speeds everything up nicely.

I also like the fact that when you are in the store you can read ebooks for free for an hour and download more free ebooks! For me It was the right choice for our family, as when we go to Barnes and Nobles with our children we can stay longer now that we have the nook and can receive free treats and more free ebooks! It pays for itself... These are some of the reason why I love my nook and I am excited that I received the Nook for a gift! I can not say enough about the Nook, I don't have to be tied to one book store like Itunes, Ibook, are the Kindle store... I don't like limits and the Nook allows me to be free to choose where to get my books from...
YES, LISTEN!
4375	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a stud finder to do simple tasks - like hanging pictures and shelves on drywall.  It works great!
6864	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good price but they don't work as good as a mild detergent and warm water.  These still leave fingerprints on the disc.  Good for a quick wipe but not a through cleaning.
Now for the differences: The XtraFlex has two brightness levels instead of one, but I did not find that I needed the brighter setting.  The XtraFlex also has a sturdier clip that is less likely to slip off of the book or (especially) a Kindle.  I found that the TravelFlex clip was adequately secure on my Kindle Touch, but I could knock it loose if I wasn't careful.

There are some things I think could be improved.  One, the adapters themselves get very warm to the touch - I'm not thrilled with that, but I guess it is the nature of the beast.  I think they have transformers in each one and something to read and induce the ethernet signal into the electrical circuit.  So those transformers get rather warm.  Second, the units are kind of large and there is no passthrough, so you lose the use of half of an outlet.  Third, the units each have lights to indicate a connection and activity, etc., but those lights are really hard to see as they are small, dim and are only visible at certain angles (straight on).

9583	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I wanted and fits perfectly.  Prints nice and clear black on white tape.
5774	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
1752	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's a clicker remote. It has buttons, it clicks, and it connects to the teacher's radio receiver and the like. Not much to say about this except that it's quite a bit cheaper than buying one from your campus bookstore.
Well Made
7568	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This will help give you a sense of security. I know from personal experience that you will have to take a hammer and chisel to these discs if you want them off. Wrap them around the desk and you are good. Easy and quick to install, smart design of the discs and the wire, just don't lose the key :)
873	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works as advertised.
8386	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	OK.. PURCHASED FOR PRIVATE PRACTICE ON KEYBOARD.
2063	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love the light!  I read every night and batteries last a month! Good deal.
2687	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It worked fine for about a month. Now it stops working randomly and I have to give it a tap in order to start working. Again, how long it works for is anyones guess. Its a good emergency backup but i would recommend relying on something else.

9902	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this product! Fast shipping and good price!
5017	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great for recording traffic stops not that I get many but if you have a major even occur like you are first responder on scene you want record this will help fix the people that will say you said this when you did not.
4715	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got these for a friend.  As the cassette format is pretty much out, it was good to find these quality tapes on line.  Thank you.
9900	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works as expected. I installed this black on white tape on a Brother P-Touch Model PT-80. The PT-80 labeler is not available anymore, so I was happy to see that the tape is still available. I am very happy.
1648	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I actually finished this book over 12 hours ago, but then I crashed and went to sleep. So here's the review.  this is the plain-text only version; to see the formatting and links, please visit my blog, Now is Gone (a link to which can be found in my profile).
1375	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Now I have like four different kendels and I am such a Fan.  My darling Daughter n law requested this.  No way, says I.  Then I see these reconditioned ones with a warranty, cases n protective films, new chargers and 16 gb HD.  Had to get it or her.  Only cause she gave me the worlds best gran babies ...and I guess I love her like mad too.

5989	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	VHS tape quality seems to be going down hill
2305	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	You get what you pay for save the money and get a real car charger from Nokia, Samsung, LG, HTC...ect this charger burnt my phones battery it wasn't getting the proper amps and voltage. And the day after I got my new phone the car charger burnt out
  They are light weight, have a cushioned head piece that rests comfortably on top of the head.  I've had them on for about 3 hours so far and they do not bother the top of my thin haired head. They fit comfortably around my ears, the ear phones themselves have a comfortable cushion around them. It dosen't seem to press hard against the side of my head either. It comes with the dual adapter for most commercial aircraft seats.
4070	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought the small Kingston 4 GB microSDHC Class 4 Flash Memory Card to replace a defective SD card in one of my radio scanners, and it works great. It benchmarks well above Class 4 specs, and only cost me $5. Highly recommended.
7774	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The current protection is good, the design is clever, and it feels much sturdier than my cheap-o power strips. But why does it cost $40??
6973	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Item received was not belkin branded. Cable also did not work, all items show up as not recognized.
USA
2240	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For digital cables there's rarely any difference between cheap generic cords and the atrociously expensive ones. These cables do their job perfectly and the price is unbeatable.
I love my label-maker and can't imagine life without it. I label Rubbermaid totes, charging cables, A/V equipment, boxes, leftovers for the freezer, etc...and it always sticks to everything...and actually comes off cleanly as well. Just make sure whatever you're labeling is dust/dirt free and you'll be good to go.
Dan
6825	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This cable is nothing like the picture. The cable is for another kind of printer it will not fit into a hp printer. I do not recommend it.
2. The pre-exposure focus lock does not 'feel' as definite (when you partially depress the exposure button) as on Nikon's 35mm SLRs. The nice, nice thing about the 990 is that the area of focus is artificially sharpened in the LCD viewfinder. _Very_ tough to check focus in 950 LCD viewfinder until _after_ you take the pic and magnify in the LCD.
However, I have ordered 6 of these now (all from BestDealUSA if that makes a difference).  They all arrived very quickly and I have put one into each of our family cars and for my sister's family, too!  Every one is working perfectly on both usb ports.
7637	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what I need it for.
576	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	for the price you just cant beat this item. I bought it for a house I was selling so I could hang some tv and it worked great. Good quality for the price.
Then the i pad came out, So I went to the store and looked at the i pad and played with it as well. I have read review after review and watched you-tube...
-I hate the software interface. It is slow, unstable and poorly designed. I suggest you use Windows Media Player instead to upload files to the device.
5730	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice colors.  However  would be nice or to buy in packages of one color.  Especially package of white! Would be also nice if they came in different widths!
2938	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good.

THE GOOD: The sound is absolutely glorious. Nothing can touch it in its class, and for twice the money. In addition to the large speaker the unit boasts a small tweeter. Voice or music, it offers the best sound you can get in a portable radio.
Would I get this again? YES, but I would probably spring the extra bucks for a Coolpix 990 for:
8277	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Mine were an anniversary gift from a company I used to work for, so I didn't buy them.  I have had them about nine years.  When I first got them they functioned well and had great clarity/magnification which was all well and good, but note that the lens caps will NOT stay on and the so-called strap they come with is absolutely worthless.  After about five years the focusing mechanism stopped working altogether while sitting on the shelf (I got them out to use them, and it simply would not work any longer).
9681	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product, good price, good delivery

Content: I wished we had this book when we started building NXT robots with my son a couple of years ago. It starts from the very basic and progresses to the more advanced topics. It engages the reader to go beyond the instructions of the models with "discoveries". This is a great learning method.

(1) A floppy adaptor,  because moving pictures to your computer by cable is too slow.
7785	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice economical cables.
6391	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Working welll

One other thing: the Nook has a tab for "My Stuff" so you can download music, pictures, videos and documents easily onto the Nook. You don't have to buy music for it.  Use what's on your PC or what you rip from disk. I am doing a project of editing and making slide shows of over 4,000 pictures.  For that, I bought a 32 disk san drive for the Nook to download the pictures to and to work on them using a Nook app.  I don't know how you could do that on the 8 gig Fire. I don't know if you can put pictures on the Cloud for the Fire.  However, I can make many different slide shows and digital albums on the Nook Tablet without any Cloud.
9407	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The Brother Labeler is a great tool around the house. I use it to label my files, tools, kids items, and many other things. The black on white tape is perfect for any job.
4331	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GOOD!
6408	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it's a network cable, what can i say? it works lol. it would be nice if it had the little cover over the removal prong, but it's no big deal.
- The Multiple Colors help a lot in organizing which cord go with what or which cord are what.

none of my technical books in pdf format i was able to read due to pdf reader rendering formulas all over the screen with middle-size font.
7676	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great style for large transformer type plugs.
440	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use one of these indoors and outdoors. Works flawlessly.
4962	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This VCR cleaner was purchased at Amazon.com and as usual it was well packaged and received well within the promised time. This VHS Wet Cleaner does clean the heads of our VCRs very nicely.  Easy to use and does the job....not much more to be said....
4657	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This thing works great.  Being able to move the cord around is very handy when using this in various places.  I use it in my car & home stereo & the sound quality is very close to a CD. There is not very much "airy" sounding feedback either. Make sure to turn the volume all the way up on the device so it will sound the best.

6603	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have never bought a Belkin product i wasn't satisfied with. This is no exception. Not that i really give this cord any thought now that it's in use, but that is the point, isn't it? I guess the only other thing to say, is that being blue, it's easy to find in the mass of cords around my TV and computer area.
3849	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cable works looks just as any one you would find in retail store for 10 times the price don't hesitate to buy.
> With the "mode lever" select "MSC" (music).

Last to say, I think any new Android devices running the lastest version of Gingerbread and needless to say Ice Cream Sandswich - this card show work fine.  Please make sure to read the user reviews on your device.
8147	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The shipment is fast even during the Christmas holiday.
5782	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love it when I get the item fast and exactly what i wanted
6675	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to place my external drive 10' away from my PC and it works without reducing data throughput or reliability.
554	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got this wall mount for my 39"" LED HDTV. The mount  fits well and is sturdy. Good price too.

4154	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Needed this for my GPS so I could get the US and Canada maps on my GPS at the same time. So far so good, I have always liked Kingston Memory.
I love these speakers and use them everyday. They could be a little better, but I still love them! I'd give them 5 stars if they were a little louder, a little better tone wise and the reception range was a little better. You'd get 150' in an open feild or gymnasium, not my odd shaped house. But for the money, they are a great VALUE!
The tapes are extremely well made in that they DO allow you hours upon hours of listening enjoyment because you can record over them many times; and they take up very little room so they're easy to carry around with you.
Bondomatic
4256	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought two of these, I wouldn't even call it a trickle charge. Would literally take days to charge my phone with one of these. Stay away if you are buying these as charger cables.
So to keep it short, I'm happy when it comes to overall image quality, color accuracy, and features the main problems with this model are:
180	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	did not work
For the kids, they still like the tablet, enjoy the better graphics, larger screen, etc. Once going graphics is good, sound is adequate though not great, touch input is good. But for me, I could never use this tablet for serious use. My Asus TF700T is my go to tablet, even over my iPad 4,3,2,etc. At this time I am contemplating just selling these and buy Nexus tablets for the kids instead as it is more a pure Android experience and not hindered by the clunky implementation of an older Android OS. Perhaps if B&N releases an OS based on Jelly Bean it may improve things.
CLEAR is great when you want to use it on colored folders.
4352	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good and normal quality. You can use it instead of originals. cheap. suitable for Canon SX40HS. I haven't more words but the site required more words so I wrote that ;)
First of all it's not HUGE.  I'm 40 right now, so I've seen rickety bulky radio's that would kill if it hit you.  This is a nice unit, well sized for the speakers and antenna's in it.
5134	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thank you so much for the item. It is very nice and it came very well packed. I will recommend you. The item is just right what I wanted.

2490	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works great but gets kind of hot after about an hour
259	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What a fantastic read! Enjoyed everything about this book. Highly recommend it. So great to read something that is totally unpredictable. I'm sure I will reread someday and I rarely do that.
4118	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the second such card I've bought, and I'm so pleased with it-- the price is unbeatable for something so versatile. You can use it either as a microSDHC card, or as a full-size SDHC card. Considering it costs the same (or less) than most other brands that offer either one or the other, why not buy the one that offers both?
253	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	After spending several weeks barely reading at all based on a constricting financial budget and then the onset of a new job, I eased myself back into going through my book review stack with the volume Not a Sparrow Falls by Linda Nichols.
...and next time Mr/Ms Publisher, PRINT IT IN COLOR!!!
1976	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great reference tool.
5591	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
2767	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I love Moleskine, but not so much the Kindle. Please make one for the iPad and iPhone 4, it will sell like hot cakes! My family alone will buy three iPhone and two iPad cases on day one!
8461	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is very good headset, sound quality is good. The headband is adjustable and very confortable. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it doesn't do VOX with my FR50s (because the FR50 doesn't have VOX capability). Price is reasonable too. What more can I say about a simple headset?
After making minor changes to my network settings, I was able to connect to the print server, and then configure it appropriately.

- insert bookmarks, notes
6763	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, Received super fast.
Thank you.
> If you stop play, turn off the player and restart, the player restarts where you left off--perfect for audiobooks (oddly this feature is NOT available on most other MP3 players).
That much said the 990 is more expensive, and if you don't need  the extra resolution the 950 remains a great choice at a lower price. I  just take exception to Amazon presenting it as "top of the  line."
7571	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works.
5726	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works.

Why not 5 stars? When you are handling a camera as heavy as my DSLR (weighing more than 4.5 lbs), the fact that the tripod weighs only 2 lbs does little to add in terms of comforting you while trying to balance the camera. While I have rarely used the fully extended length of this tripod, I am kind of worried about the safety of the camera, and so end up using the full length a little cautiously. Not once have I had a chance to doubt the stability of this though, but the nagging fear remains...
9580	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great in my 12 year old label maker.
Even though my first nook was free (making it that much sweeter), I would gladly lay down $100+ for a replacement if anything happened to mine or for a newer model, not the color though, that's more like a tablet PC than an e-reader.

3425	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The memory card itself is great but the Ellipsis 7 doesn't have the ability to store any apps without first "rooting" your device and installing other [free] software.  The problem is, it's incredibly difficult to setup and you have to be a computer expert to understand what needs to be done.  If you have an Ellipsis 7 and you want to expand it's memory, don't get this until you've reviewed all of the steps online and fully understand what you need to do.  (If you know LINUX, this should be easy for you, otherwise, be cautious on this purchase.)
2082	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It was what I expected and very useful.
The other thing, Motorola has failed in all aspects to compete in the PDA phone market.  If you're thinking of buying a PDA phone device, avoid the Motorola.  It failed in many way than just the expansion slot not working.  I think the Windows Mobile OS was the other problem.
3555	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I kept running out of room in my photo gallery on my phone. No chance of that happening now. I like how i can just pop it in my computer and move my photos over.
370	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This wall mount successfully held my 32-inch LCD TV for over 3 years in my home, with no issues whatsoever. For a price far cheaper than what I could find in the store at the time, I couldn't recommend this product enough! I haven't tried anything heavier than my 32-inch, which weighed about 20 pounds, but it was perfectly sturdy at that weight. The joints all moved freely without being too loose, and I never had an issue positioning the TV just how I wanted it. A great buy!


8411	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	alas, they break just as fast as the rest of the cheapies.
8396	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Broke very fast

6330	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality. True 6'
Over the course of the next week we redid the project with the new quality, repeating the cycle of:
1377	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect!
4160	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is my second Kingston micro SDHC card. I put one in my phone and one in an MP3 player. Both work just fine. The added adapter make this already inexpensive card a very sweet deal.
3659	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great, works as intended on my Gopro hero4. I recommend grabbing a couple of these
8141	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a standard cable and does exactly what it is supposed to do.  I am happy with the purchase.
8329	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I really love this old mouse design, like the fourth I've had.  I just wish I didn't have to pay so much to get one.  Finding drivers on windows 7 is a challenge
It was automatically recognized by my table Toshiba Transformer with ICS. On my Samsung Galaxy Note with Gingerbread I had to reformat it with the exFat format.
7953	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	patched things up fine
6445	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works as expected
2598	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Would only work if you physically hold it in place :_( I would definitely suggest you do not bother buying this.
6405	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Normally read reviews before buying anything, wish I did this time. This adapter does not work with a Sidewinder 3D Pro & Windows XP will not recognize it without modification. Hopefully you will read the many, many negative reviews here and save your time/money.
3100	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is actually a very, very good mini mic for the iPod 4/4S and the 5/5S. I use it for dictation on Notes and Speak&Translate. It's sensitive enough to catch a conversation at normal person-to-person distance, even on the street with all that traffic noise. High fidelity capture. On the 3GS, as per instructions, you need to download certain apps. However, I suspect that if you update the iOS it will work on native apps. I don't want to do that, though, cause the iOS might render my older apps unusable. So, bottom line is, I liked this so much I immediately ordered 10 more.
5520	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say- works as needed; cheap.
7306	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is basically just a DE-9 to DB-25 adapter. It has the normal RS-232 specified pinouts on both ends, so it should work with almost anything. It will not work with things that use a proprietary pinout, such as point of sale (POS) machines. We use these for factory hardware and label printers.
3415	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works excellent. Fulfills my needs. Great buy, excellent service and delivery.
Even better, you don't have to wait until you go overseas to see if its working. You can remove the three-pronged UK plug from the front of the device and you are left with a standard US plug. So you've got a USB charger you can use in the States. We never seem to have enough chargers for all the devices around our house so this has been quite handy.
Unfortunately we are stuck with about 30 3-packs now.  I do not recommend this seller or these tapes.
It's made by brother so I'm sure I won't have any issues when the older cartridge rubs out.
8578	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Classic styling is fine, but if the radio doesn't get acceptable reception, it means squat! AM or FM reception on this was mediocre at best, & forget any shortwave programming. I added a Terk powered antenna, which didn't help. I bought this radio used on Ebay for my Mom, and I just sold it back on Ebay for a $20.00 loss, but at least it won't be wasting space anymore! By the way, $180.00 list price for this POS?? That is a total joke. You can get 10X the radio brand new for 2/3 the price by buying a Sangean or Roberts Radio unit.
8835	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is nice. But it is not to put all you credit cards and insurance cards too. I love that it snaps shut. And it does soften up fast.  I just wish they would come up with a way to take pictures better. People that have a difficult time holding things my have a hard time holding this while taking pictures. They  have Slots for your volume and on and off buttons.  Some people my like this. But I didn't because it is hard for me to find our feel the buttons. But in my Case,  I have problems with my hand.  Other wise very nice.
5806	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great item, Good price, Fast shipping.

3437	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works perfectly in samsung note 3
1153	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Using this for years.. As good as the fancy new ones!
5186	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The headline on this review says it all.  I'm not mechanically gifted in the least but this RCA Wireless Phone Jack did not test my technical acumen.  (Thank goodness).
5942	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I bought the Mac compatible version of this product and was sorely disappointed on many levels.  Although the instructions are explicit and easy to follow, the procedure didn't work.  I had to install the software first and then hook up the cable.  The software was a breeze to install, and my laser printer did work.  But it cut the print quality from 600dpi down to 300dpi.  It also slowed down the printing process, hanging up after printing a mere two pages.
For just a few bucks more, I was able to buy a wifi printer that was google cloud print ready and solve the same problem with 1/10th the headache.
6333	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cable works just fine with my laser printer.  Price was good and it was delivered on time.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
5020	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I work in a chemically harsh environment and having a spare or two is nice. Has all the features I want for a reasonable price.
Not enough contrast on screen. With sunglasses while driving, can't see screen.
9552	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well, standard replacement.
Also, my unit takes an incredibly slow 2 minutes to boot, drops wireless signals that are strong and includes a browser that has the speed of a 90s drug store computer.
6539	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This produce is well made is from a good company and works as stated very well.  This item came in a very short timne and was all I had expected

1795	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A well written story of two people finding their own hearts while searching for one another's.  Settings of the story descriptions put you there as yo read.  A great story by wonderful author.

I love the glowlight BNRV350 after I rooted it. This means that I am able to read various file formats (pdf, cbr, cbz, prc, txt, rtf, doc, docx, mobi, epub) I bought the glowlight because I wanted the advantage of reading at night versus a booklight with my BNRV300 (which I still love very much) And the most important, read on the beach in BRIGHT SUNLIGHT! Even though my BNRV350 had cracks in it and the glowlight seeped out it did not bother my reading ability. (Heck I only paid $36 for it LOL)
2098	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Replaced my eight year old grandchild's flashlight.  Anything that encourages a child to read books is well worth its price.
-Great accessories

7105	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Belkin USB extension cable works exactly as I had envisioned it.  I would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for an extension cable for their computer peripherals.
4158	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Bought two of these for our cell phones... because we wanted to add some photos and music to the phones.  This was a good deal, and they work as they are expected to.  Also received very quickly.
My favorite use of the Nook is to borrow my local library's digital books using the free Overdrive Media Console software which allows you to select & save your library (ies) and to directly access the digital library from it on your PC, and then sideload (drag & drop)the borrowed books to your Nook; no more time wasted or trips through rush hour traffic to browse, borrow or return books downtown, and no more parking hassles! Most of my library's digital books are in ePub format which is the native format of the Nook. However, as other reviewers have stated, you can still borrow or buy Kindle or other formats of digital books and convert them to ePub via the free Calibre software. Borrowed library books can be returned automatically when the loan periods expire, or can be returned manually earlier if you decide not to finish the book during the loan period.
8224	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Our office used to use a handful of the EN-104 4-port hubs and some of the EN-108 (the 8-port version of the same product).
4347	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	These things are not worth it they're too short and whe I finally got them they WOULDN'T charge my phone the only thing they will charge is my Bluetooth

7" VividView IPS touchscreen, bonded for glare reduction.  This is the best IPS screen on the market in this class of device.

But my adapter is not working properly.
658	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	**UPDATE: Had this over 5 years. No problems!
384	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product and great price
This will only work with Precision Pro if the Product ID starts with "85791".
6936	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item was just as described in the ad and arrived on time. It is nice to get a Great Deal.

I cannot tell you how much it HURTS ME to write such a poor review.  Dam you, BELKIN.
The Nook's primary advantage over the Kindle is that it allows you to read EPUB and PDF books (scanned or text; either works) and buy books from various online ebook stores, including the Sony Reader store. This has already allowed me to read two titles that I wouldn't have been able to get for the Kindle. It also works very easily with Adobe Digital Editions software, a huge plus. Currently Amazon offers some titles that B&N does not (a very temporary state of affairs, I suspect), but those are usually available from Sony.

9111	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised...
Very nice to have.

2363	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The end pushes in and turns ant the product quits working
185	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this works great. got a generic one from somebody else, didn't work. had to send it back. ordered this one, no more problem
5 stars = This book changed my world in at least some small way.


7251	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A  very nicely made, small-size gnome....almost too nice to use in the little contest we have  going with our neighbors where we surprise each other from time to time with a well-hidden garden decoration. This guy is a cut above most garden gnomes...
761	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Doesn't work!
4782	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	seems to have worked. It plays music after the process classical. It has 3 tracks and takes 20 minutes.

7084	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality resistance band, I bought it for my son. He uses it in a gym. It is exactly what he needs.
9675	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as advertised.  Black lettering on white tape is probably the most useful.  While black lettering on clear is awesome, it doesn't do to well on dark objects.  You'll end up buying both if you do a lot of labeling.
9505	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just as expected, works great
2554	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It worked fine on day one. On day two, I tried in in 4 different plugs in two separate cars; the power light would flash red and no charge. And of course my wife and I were on an out of town trip so I had to stop at a gas station and buy an overpriced charger to replace this one. Junk! DO NOT BUY!!!!
3) Nook is responsive and seems faster at turning pages than Kindle.
4441	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good quality

4684	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This was nice while it worked.  Something keeps the internal gears from turning continuously in the tape deck.  Not sure what, but the tape player in the car rejects the adapter as soon as the gears stop turning.  It thinks the tape is stuck.
8887	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	sinplify my job
9108	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Everyone with any disc drive should keep two of these around. They work!!!
5122	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great!
PS: For those of you who know how, you can do this thing called, "rooting", but there are many of us who are not able to do this procedure. And I'm pretty sure Barnes & Noble will soon write a piece of software that will take the Nook back, and prevent you from doing it again. The folks at B&N are not dumb, they will figure it out. They are not dumb, but they are crooks, willing to cheat and steal for that, "almighty doller". So beware.
7877	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works really well.

good $20 drive...

Low points for the camera include the  fact that the lens resets to full zoom every time you turn the camera off!  I find myself zooming out every time I turn the camera on - this eats up  your batteries and takes time.  The flap that covers the memory card does  not always stay closed and flops open from time to time.  Sometimes, the  camera takes a while to reset between pictures, so a bit of spontaneity is  lost.
So for reading ebooks, movies, games, apps and many others all for $179.00, for me it hit my tickle spot. I gave it four stars instead of 5 because it did not have a camera, crappy speaker on the back instead of single or dual on the front.  And the power cord is just too expensive for a crummy cable.
This has been a perfect answer.  Guests also love it when they come over.  It makes it convenient for everyone.

9964	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thumbs Up
5024	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	FM radio reception was weak and unreliable.  Guess I will use a thumb drive on my computer.  Cheap Chinese crap and you get what you pay for.
I give them 2 starts for the hardware only but otherwise the device, in this case, is useless.  While you can delete your credit card from B&N, the process is well hidden and you would need to add a card, order, download, sync, unlock, and then delete the card in order to get each purchase on the device.  Either that or hand your child your Visa and tell them to enjoy!  Now that's what I call convenience.
Not recommended.
7128	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does the job intended, good value, good quality. Not a bad product for the price.
1025	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is perfect for my MS Surface Pro.  I have the 128 Gb Surface Pro and this adds half as much more memory!  I placed it in the slot and it immediately recognized the card.  No problems!
4204	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The microchip works with my Samsung Propel phone and the adapter works my dell laptop. No complaints.
The cover has a nice feel, almost like a hybrid between rubber and suede.
PROS
8699	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are lapel speaker microphones.  I used two of them in conjuction with motorola talkabout to communicate with another bicycle rider as we rode across the state of Iowa on a ride called RAGBRAI.  The system worked flawlessly and I am very pleased with this item
But they work great and give me 4gb in my Blackberry for photos, music and files.
8569	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Connect my laptop to my hdtv for video.  Picture looks great no distortion.  Used for two months and it works great
5015	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	These are pretty cool mp3 players with some nice features, including FM radio. But they simply do not work and are therefore a waste of money. I bought a two pack and one did not work as soon as it arrived. It would not play music at all and I'm not sure what else may have been wrong with it. I sent it back and while I was waiting for it to be returned, the other one stopped picking up radio stations. Now the seller will not return my messages. I guess I'm stuck with them. BEWARE OF THIS ITEM!
4793	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GOOD JOB!
2206	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Terrible product. Flickers all the time. Unusable sometimes. Poor quality. Not worth returning but I won't buy anything from this manufacturer again.
7657	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As expected and described.
Customers: sadly I used to label computers with a magic marker! Yuk!  Labels look very professional.  I also add notes such as "be sure to remove cable x before y" etc.

1601	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This crime/thriller had me tunning page after page once I started it.
7628	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sits securely on the floor, holds the plugs in securely, plugs spaced apart smartly to utilize every device, electricity distributed out evenly, looks great on the floor.  What more can I ask for.
E-book pricing is a little crazy right now as publishers seem to be trying to establish the "value" of e-books versus paperback/hardcover.  Some e-books are more expensive and some are changing prices weekly.  It's the same situation with both Kindle and nook from what I can tell.

678	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I now have TWO of these fantastic Articulating Arms. One for my computer monitor(24") and one for a monitor I use as bot a TV and spare monitor(21") for my laptop.
7887	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well made. Colorful. Cord good length. Got 2.
7970	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does exactly what it's supposed to. 10/10 Would buy again.

6009	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The VDOMUS Premium Rain Handheld Shower Head is great! I received this shower head yesterday and my husband installed it last night. It was very easy to install (can use it on the existing plumbing that comes from the wall). In one evening, the detachable shower head made my life A LOT easier. My young daughter refuses to take a shower, only baths. She has very long, thick hair and dumping cups of water on it just isn't cutting it anymore. I was able to use this detachable shower head last night to rinse her hair and there were no screams! haha
6672	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Will come in handy next time I clean the DVDs. The original problem was a broken player, not the disk.
404	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Supports a Sony 32" without a problem.
8446	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This headset works perfectly for my Motorola Walkie Talkie. The only problem is that sometimes the automated vox settings don't work as fast as I talk even on low settings, I have to make a sound or say some irrelevant word to get it to pick up my first word. I don't use the vox settings due to this, I just press the button. Other than that these are perfect
My children have asked me to buy the istory app for 3.99 dollars, but it contends 24 or more story books for children that it reads to my children. Wonderful! The American history app is excellent too, It costs me 1 dollar or so (not remember exactly now).
7538	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As described. Great product.
2) It does seem Sony could do some research and improve the plastic top so it would last longer.

7527	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sturdy, reliable, and the long cord comes in handy in so many instances.
1955	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome little light. Very bright and perfect for my needs.
6394	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good source for old timers who still videotape on a daily basis.  Comfortable format that allows me to ise what I have without unnecessary expense...
290	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The book tells every mac user how to best make use of their macbook.  While I already knew much of the info contained, but self-discovery and self-teaching, there were quite a few things contained within the book that I found most helpful.  The book pretty much contains every and anything one needs to know about how best to use their macbooks and make it work for you whether that be for personal and/or business use.
I don't think it could have been any more simple or more idiot-proof to use.  All you do is plug each unit into an outlet (NOT a surge protector or anything like that - it MUST be plugged DIRECTLY into the wall outlet), wait for them to "find" each other (10 seconds), plug in your router and plug in your computer and BAM, your computer will get a full hardline internet signal.  No need for wireless.
2350	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This charger works just fine but the blue light can be too much at during night driving. I usually cover it up with something g because it is so bright. Still a quality product.
Win-win all around.
New memory stick recorders are too small and too easy to loose or break.
6813	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have looking around for this item for some time. I had some trouble fined them. It work really good.
390	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelente
-There are definitely more Kindle books than NookBooks available, but I hope that will change in the near future.
9280	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with tape
9569	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	B
They improved the search engine; I am finding articles that I could not find with the original engine.
* My wireless capable TV connected to the internet as soon as I selected the wired network setting.
833	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No complaints here. Five stars.
Nice construction and perfect length!!
7679	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cable is well made and works perfectly. The price is great. Everything arrived in a timely manner and was exactly as advertised.
4998	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this cleaner works very well it is just as advertised and I would recommend this to anyone who needs a cleaner.
7811	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These cost a little more than some of the other products out there but the cost difference is well worth it for the quality of the product. Would recommend buying this product. Love the color-coded plugs.
1722	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked great for my son in his classes that required a clicker. No problems at all!
3724	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does exactly what is meant to do and provides plenty of reach
You have to have a Microsoft Sidewinder Precision Pro, and it's product ID must start with "85791".  If your product ID starts with "97462" than you need an active adapter such as the one made by Manhattan.  The revision starting with "97462" does not have native USB support.
6707	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	a real necessity and great addition to the care of DVDs and Cds....the trtansaction was 5 star all the way..Thank you
9506	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great price for this replacement label tape.
3255	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked perfect in my Nokia Lumia 520
1808	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well-developed plot and scenario.  Character development was even paced and adequate.  Sidelined characters added richness and complexity.  The setting was well defined and believable.
1062	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A great product it worked has advertised, and i got it at a great price.
1766	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good book
3276	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good card
8531	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
7069	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable works well and is a good quality product, unlike other cheap cables which sometimes affect the USB transport. I recommend it.
I am amazed that, in spite of having spent two hours reading reviews on the Amazon and Walmart and on two sites that specialize in tablet reviews prior to purchasing it, I found nothing to suggest most of the problems I found with this device.  Having read some more reviews since first having published this review, the only place I have seen that would have tipped me off to the inability of the native Nook to play Flash video was on the site for Amazon instant video where they list the capable devices.
8881	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product

7850	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Pros:
1571	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I waited a while and was very hesitant to buy this because of all of the negative reviews about the screen problems.  I have a lot of Nook books which I have been reading on the Ipad Mini but I do a lot of my reading at night and the backlight is too harsh for my eyes after working at a computer all day.  I finally decided to take the chance and purchased the Nook Glowlight.  I've had it for three weeks now and so far so good - though there is a little tiny pin hole on the screen.  I had asked the customer service person at BN about the problem and she said it was just a bad batch early on and the problem was fixed.  We'll see.  I did purchase the extended warranty just in case and figured if the screen does fail I'll just give up and use a clip on light.  I like the Nook.  I like the size, the feel and the page turn buttons.  I really hope this device holds up.  It deserves to have a good following - but BN needs to step up and commit to solving whatever is wrong.  If their devices are not selling well it's because they are lagging behind in the solutions and they are only hurting themselves.
The  RhinoSkin case does offer better protection, however I did not feel it was  worth the money (See my review).
First, the buttons are annoying to use. I like having the option to tap the screen, but I'd rather keep it as clean and clear as possible. Simply hard to press the buttons down. They don't seem to be getting any easier after finishing a book.
9274	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	SUPER SUPER
Microphones that are placed in an off-headphone device can't tell where the headphones are direction, or what in the environment might be changing the sound at the headphones. This effect is not as important at low frequencies, but it becomes more important at higher frequencies, so this unit can provide more coverage. The design is simply the best possible - microphones as close to the ear as possible is a huge design benefit.
- only comes with 200mb of internal memory.  You have to pick up a microSD card

4762	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As designed. Have used many of these over the years.

I returned it and got a LG Slim portable DVD writer that works perfectly without the added AC adapter - USB-powered hub only.
4) Books download in a blink and are immediately available.  This too seems faster than with my Kindle.

Over the years, inevitable cost compromise decisions have undoubtedly been made (I was part of some of these types of discussions as well), but when I was looking for a good portable radio, this version was high on the list.  We have been satisfied with our recent purchase and would recommend a listen to anyone interested in good reception and sound.  One problem is that there are relatively few retail outlets at which to check this out, but that's why we have Amazon, right?
5)  Very long battery life (6 D-cells)
If you're okay with wearing the walkie unit on your shirt or somewhere a lot higher than your belt line then go for it.
  The sound reproduction is fine.  I like the fold up ability and the set comes with a travel bag to put them into.
7387	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Although normal bias, it DOES work great for recording high level music. I routinely record in the red on the meters and this tape handles it all perfectly, nearly as well as some high bias tapes. But no cassette is as good as, say, a TDK SA-90 high bias, but those are so expensive that I don't bother with them anymore. But after over 45 years of recording music on tapes, I have noticed something interesting. Normal bias tapes like these tend to retain more of the original quality recording for much longer than high bias cassettes do.
8145	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love purple and this is really purple.
5708	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Short cable for close by networking.  Just the right size to connect the dvd player to the router.
One of the only  weaknesses we found a little frustrating was the variance between the  optical viewfinder and the digital one.  If you frame... say, a head and  shoulders shot in the optical viewfinder, you will discover that digitally  the camera sees a much broader area.  Olympus should do a little better job  calibrating the two viewfinders.
6192	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've ordered these before and they are very good video tapes.  I would recommend them to friends. Your recordings are always clear. I just hope they will always be available -- with ongoing technology, these kinds of things will be obsolete soon. I probably will order more.
8345	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I didn't want to spend too much money and I didn't want to spend too little, so I bought these Altec 3 piece speakers. They are excellent speakers. First I wanted satelite speakers for the clear sound and I wanted them to look great as well, I got both!! You can spend more money on other speakers if you have the money to blow, but most likely they will not sound/look as good as these.
I own one of these and I think it's probably one of the best Kindle cases on the market. The great thing about Moleskines is the presentation and the preciousness of them as well as the excellent quality, and I found the Kindle case to have all these. The cover is the typical material found on other moleskines, but the inside is covered in a wonderful suede-like material. Unlike my last case where the elastic corners covered buttons, the moleskine case has a much better design and none of the buttons are blocked out. I read a lot of reviews from people complaining that the pad is on the left side, but I don't find this to be an issue at all, it is easy to hold and make notes in it. In fact I haven't found a writing position yet that makes it so my arm covers up the kindle. There is also a nice gap between the notebook and kindle where you can keep a pen clipped inside without being forced.

9795	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works just fine


6418	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	NOthing special to say, it's a cable that works the way it should. What else to say about a cable?
3517	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	At this price point and what it does absolutely cant pass it up, works as well as retail packaged for a fraction of price. A must for GoPro users.
1967	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have this clipped on a shelf by my telephone so I can see notes I have on my clipboard.  The product is durable, the clip is is good size and sturdy, and the light is bright.  It is great!!
Figured I'd got a dud or did something wrong, so I bought a new one and left the new card on board the tablet. Copied all files using the tablet's proprietary usb connection. So far so good. So guys, my advice would be to not try to use your computer to change the file system to fat 32. But that's just IMHO.
1320	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As the title implies, the nook is my first e-reader. So you'll probably see some mistakes as far as comparisons between B&N's reader and other brands. Since I'm too lazy to do any meaningful research on the competition, please take my review with a grain of salt.
580	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Got my TV mounted with this above my PC and its been on the wall for a year now. No problems with it holds the TV well and its study. Way cheaper than store bought and its perfect for what I got i got a 37 inch HDTV
8516	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what I need it to do, and its length is just what it should be, thick cable, and the piece fits well.
705	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Shipped promptly; exactly as advertised; well-made; perfect fit for our 32" LED HDTV; REASONABLY PRICED!  Anyone who can locate a wall-stud, read a level (included, no less!), run a drill, and turn a wrench clockwise should consider this wall-mount solution.
2051	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this to clip onto the cover of my kindle. The cover folds back and this fits in perfectly because the clip and battery part is smaller.
7829	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	hey a cable is a cable, works like it was intended
Wonder where the camera is?  It's at the factory -- there isn't one.  Forget Skype or face to face video chatting.
6715	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well. Will buy again

I found his childhood memories and the sharp wit used to describe them very realistic.
Story moves along very quickly but you can't wait to see what is going to happen next.  Good book for young adults who may be trying to make some decisions in their lives.
707	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is wonderful. came on time in great shape, went up with in a few minutes. Love the way it mounts and how it looks on the wall. thanks
3466	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The cord is not up to standards doesnt charge the tablet efficiently whatsoever. DO NOT BUY.
5630	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love this product.  Highly recommend.
Mount on single stud
Cons:

I would have liked a little more wrap-up at the end, but in reality I think this is really because I had so much crawled into the characters' skins that I was reluctant to leave.
4404	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Working great!
8060	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As with all the Belkin products I've owned, this worked great. No loss of signal and I've been using it for two months now.
3244	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's simple and works well for me. Sellers say you have to purchase an additional app, but mine works fine with the included 'Memo' app on my iPod Touch 2G. Down side is that you have unplug it to listen to the recording.
9394	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	High-quality tape for P-touch printers.
6504	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used it to power the GoPro attached outside the car during off road adventures.
7275	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This sturdy tool is useful with todays crapy lumber , it is great for straightening flooring studs  and vertical also . I used it for
7807	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	okay
7759	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The problem with most extension strips of outlets is that inevitably one plug is longer or has some weird shape to it that overlaps other outlets on them. This one positions the plugs differently around the circle so it doesn't have the same issue. Great design.
Now that I have this new Logitech mouse I  am satisfied in price, and less cleaning. Previously I was cleaning my  mouse every other day.
2. Not too big. Seems smaller out of the box than photos on Internet suggest. This is good for cluttered showers.
9270	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am so glad I switched to the Brother label system (specifically the PT9500PC P-touch Label Maker for the Mac). These cartridges are just a fantastic. Not a single Jam since we left Dynmo!
1149	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Outstanding for the price.
3)  Build quality is about middle of the road.  (But still good for the price.)
Don't expect to easily find replacement parts thru the manufacturer, though. You're pretty much on your own.
Hooks up in a snap and doesn't come out of the plug unless you need it to...... The end plug is made with very good quality.... Thanks for sending it to me the way you did,  I received it one day before the promised date...
4287	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Did not work with my Samsung Galaxy S3. This may have something to do with a Samsung baseband, Android, or Kernel upgrade from Samsung, or T Mobile update. No one can explain why these cables and other cables that have worked for some time no longer or never worked.
I've purchased others as gifts for bewildered friends and once they've spent a little time with it they love it.
7005	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've tested it with my keyboard, mouse, and iPhone charger and had no problems whatsoever with any of them. I have no complaints, it was cheap and works as stated.
1016	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excelent, Excelent, very good product, meets all my expectations, I recommend it to all lovers of video and photography. Thank you so much
Mr. Harry Sharples came to the Cool & Lam Agency; he was a co-trustee for a trust fund that will terminate when the youngest beneficiary turns 25. One of the heirs, Robert Hockley, is wild and gambles. The other, Shirley Bruce, isn't but refuses to take more than the other. A large part of the estate is in Colombian emerald mines. A jeweler has an emerald pendant for sale. Sharples believes this was part of the estate given to Shirley Bruce. Sharples wants Lam to find out how the jeweler got the pendant, and if any pressure was used (Chapter 1). Chapter 2 describes the preliminary investigation. Lam sees Robert Cameron, the other co-trustee show up. Sharples is surprised and astonished to hear this news (Chapter 3). When Lam and Sharples go to visit Cameron, they find a dead body. They call the police from outside the house (Chapter 4). Sharples tells Sgt. Sam Buda that Cameron had no enemies (Chapter 5). The emerald pendant was there. The police investigate the jeweler and the stockbroker who was visited by Robert Cameron earlier that day (Chapter 8).

699	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Another great buy from Amazon. The local stores wanted twice the money and the other mounts were cheaply made. this mount is made well and you get a free hdmi cable and level with it
1393	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just picked up a refurbished Nook Tablet from newegg's website and its amazing. Only has a 1024 x 600 pixel screen but from a foot away you can't tell the different between this and a device with 1200 x 800 pixels or more. Reading is a pleasure. I've had all the Kindles and all the Nooks and for the best overall reading experience the Nook is better.
The Sony reader was a nice size/weight and simple to use.  Unfortunately, the screen was hazy, due to the touch screen features being integrating into the reading screen.  The whole point of e-Ink is to give the best display for reading books.  A hazy screen failed that immediately.  Credit goes to the Sony for allowing me to read DRM ePub books from my local library; a big plus.  If there were no other reasonably priced eReaders that could do that, the Sony still might have had some consideration.  For the price, the Nook below had the same features and much more to offer.  Three years ago this might have been it; but not now.
I emailed B&N Customer Support, and they suggested that I try downloading the title again (which you do by archiving and unarchiving a title, whatever that means).  That didn't work, but I found that if I clicked the check box on the font selection screen marked "Publisher's Default" (or words to that effect), that seemed to solve the problem.  So if you're seeing question marks in any titles where numbers should be, try that solution!
2291	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fast thanks
8295	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Binoculars are very powerful...the focus is simple and accurate.  Very pleased with the binocs and the price was terrific.
6689	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Came as listed.
i recommend it
  NEXT TIME I WILL TAKE THE TOP OFF THE DECK AND CAREFULLY CLEAN THE DIODE LENS WITH A ALCOHOL WIPE.
2482	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works.
8993	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	no probelms with the purchase of Sony Hi-8 tape, I love it. . . . tapes are ok  don't want any tapes
544	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you want a wall mount that is universal and can be moved in all directions this is the one to get.  My 42" Samsung 3D tv mounted easily and the extensions were not required.  I mounted it to a stud and it seems to be very secure.  I am able to swing the tv to watch from my bed or from the lazyboy chair without a problem.
9816	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this tape for my father.  He's had no complaints.  It's a quality product for half the retail cost.
7447	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I too thought this case was a bit on the flimsy side, given its plastic + metal covering construction.  However, my Palm Vx has survived more than its share of bumps and drops with aplomb, and it's because of this case.  It opens easily, closes easily, and still fits in my pocket comfortably.  I'm confident the Palm's screen is protected with this case.  It's given great service for over a year now.

3122	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed this for my iPod Touch and also ordered a few extras because I lose little things easily. This mic has provided much use and definitely of better quality than I was expecting it to be. I've even recommended this to a couple of friends.
474	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to install at my parents' house. The installation took less than half an hour and the TV feels secure. It wasn't a perfect fit for the TV but I was able to mix the included hardware to get it very close.
6238	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fast ship, aS DESCRIBED

- No adds
187	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a Nook. And it fits my Kindle Fire. And the cheap NextBook I bought for the kids at Walmart for $69. Sturdy cover, protects well.
7188	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have used this wireless phone jack system to connect a DirecTV receiver for over 18 months (and for three months, a Tivo) without a problem.  The stations are about 20 feet apart with a wall and furniture in between, but I have not had connectivity issues.  I have two wireless networks (b and g)in the same area and have not had the interference problems others have mentioned.  That said, my parents tried using the same system in their home and got lots of static and dropped modem connections over a 15 ft. line-of-sight installation with no other wireless networks, so the system seems to be somewhat picky.
you'd have to sit there for about 20 minutes opening and closing the tray randomly to get it to see a game disk. Figured I'd give this a try, Got it today, turned on the x-box, popped it in, it immediately recognized it as a dvd, ejected it, popped a game in, "unreadable disk".. popped it back in, "Play DVD" (guess the games are a harder to read format) let it run (the channel test even caught the front right and left speakers in the surround sound reversed.. and the subwoofer had come unplugged probably when I was changing out the tv in the entertainment center.. Fixed those issues too)
244	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Although the plot was predictable from early on, this was an inspiring book.  The reminders of God's amazing Grace, as well as his protection and guidance were so good to read. It was an emotional read, as we get to know all of the characters, with a tense denouement and a peaceful resolution.
9173	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	got my batteries quickly all is good thanks
8606	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great for working on the farm (or wherever), when it's hard to get to the radio clipped to your belt.  Works great.
5327	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is, by far, the best radio you can buy for AM/FM reception.  The AM reception is fantastic, with a super-large internal AM antenna that can be supplemented with an external antennal for hard-core 'DXing.  FM reception is so good you don't need the AFC function, but is only in monaural.  Tuning does not drift away from the frequency like so many other tuners.  There is also ample room inside the radio to add subcarrier circuits if you are into that sort of thing.
-- IPad is very secure in there.
9811	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I was disappointed  because of the difficulty of removing the backing of the label. I would recommend this company to use the style of their other labels, splitting down the middle.

Overall an excellent product and I would easily purchase another if I had another TV to wall mount.
9143	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just tryed it out yesterday. works great!
2927	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	External hard drive new... works great, just as described.  Thanks

* Very stable, I never need to reboot these things
6140	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
I am definitely going to look for more books by this author.  Her writing flowed with characters that will stay in your heart long after you read the last page.  This one positively deserves 5 stars!
6869	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it's a cable.  It was cheap.  Why pay big prices for the gold plated extra special ones when this will do the job.
5660	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great
This review was updated on February 14, 2018.  Go to my "justification" paragraph to read the update.
8566	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	They sent me female to female, I wanted a extention as pictured

9015	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I've played with this digital camcorder for about 5 days now and I am delighted with it's quality and features. If anyone's disappointed with the quality of the video (see reviews below), they are probably being  unrealistic in their expectations. To get better video, you'd have to go up  to a 3CCD camera (at about 3times the cost!). As for those who say that the  camera is too big and heavy, I say just TRY shooting a still video without  a tripod with a camera as small as a paperback book! You NEED something  larger to get a good steady picture (even with "steadyshot"). I  appreciate Sony's innovative digital 8 because the tapes are less  expensive, but you still have the quality of digital recording (the Pauses  are terrific!). I'm not worried that these tapes are not interchangeable  with the mini-DV format. I mean, how often would I want to trade digital  tapes with someone? I also have the option of playing back any old 8 or  hi-8 videotapes that were previously recorded, and converting them to  digital (try THAT with a mini-DV camcorder)! I like having A/V outputs AND  inputs so that I can digitally record from a source other than the camera  lens. The Sony infrared "nightshot" is astounding. It's like have  nightvision goggles for your camcorder! The LCD screen on the TRV310 is  WONDERFUL... 3.5 inches! The 20X optical zoom is sufficient, and going  partway into the digital zoom ain't too bad either (as long as you don't  try to actually use the full 360X!) I cannot say enough good things at this  point. If I have to find something negative to say, I wish some of the  controls were in easier locations to get to while I'm still filming. All in  All, a nifty camcorder that I HIGHLY recommend!
B&N will no doubt keep updating its software regularly and Amazon make you pay for new Kindles (and risk you not being able to read your e-books on the next version, like V1 to V2)
I would not recommend this unless you plan to purchase only from the Nook itself. Otherwise, it is nothing but frustrating.
7361	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
8040	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What more can I say than it works and was inexpensive!  I generally get my cables from monoprice, but this is good, too.
4057	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.

It was a little difficult to learn how to navigate with the touch screen and the set-up seemed ponderous, but once I got the hang of it, I've borrowed a book a week from the library.  The reduced price for the product was because someone had returned it and it presumably had been repaired.  I haven't found anything wrong with it and it looked new, unscratched and unmarked, so as a back-up to a Kindle, I'd recommend it.  I'm getting about 3-5 days of battery life in "airplane mode" (wi-fi and 3G turned off), and that's enough to finish a book without recharging.  I'm not rating reliability, because I've only had it for about a month.

- Actual home button at the bottom middle of the screen to wake up reader and hold to toggle the glow light off and on.  Fewer step to adjust the lighting than the paperwhite.
5983	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked very well my dvd player can play again and i thought i was gonna have to chuck it.  THANKS
4989	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a Sony VHS player that had seen very little use yet I managed to apparently ruin by carelessly slotting a home tape inside which ants had made their lair (life in the tropics!).  Debated cleaning the contaminated heads, but fearing ruining the device I ordered this wet cleaner cartridge instead.  It wiped clean the contaminated heads in one single pass and the playback is as good as new.

At home, I setup the Wi-Fi access to my home network.  I had to type in the encryption password using the keyboard feature on the color touch display. It is trickier than using a mechanical keyboard.  Yet, I'm a fairly large guy with big fingers and had little problem typing in the information.  I missed some keys now and then, but was able to quickly use the backup key and correct.  A light finger touch is all that is needed to use this keyboard!  Nook registration with B&N was simple and uneventful.  Now, the critical feature:  DRM ePub support using [...] to access my local library eBooks.  After launching Adobe Digital Editions(ADE) eBook reader on my computer, it presented the eBooks I had already checked out from the library.  Next, I connected the Nook via USB to my computer and ADE and registered it as a new device.  At that point, I dragged my eBooks over to the Nook icon in ADE and the eBooks appeared on my Nook, ready to read.  That was simple !
I love taking pics and videos
A tip for would-be purchasers: make sure your TV supports this mount.  You can usually find your compatible VESA patterns in your user's manual.  (Or a quick online search, perhaps.)  As I often say - when buying online, it pays to do your homework.
2. Turn off Nook = losing place in book and on a 1100 page book that means not being able to just go to page 958 it means single forward clicking to get to the page (not a very good way to keep me happy).
9530	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just fine
9636	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
9359	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good stuff very happy
-inexpensive bump to get free shipping
7496	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This Compact Flash Adapter work's great. All you do is snap you compact flash card into it and slap it into your Slot and bam! It is also much faster for me then hooking up my Digital camera to the computer using a USB cord and AC/DC adapter (saves on batteries). Faster in the hook up time and faster in downloading and uploading. I can highly recommend this product, I am very happy with it.
5181	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work and caused static in the existing phone line.  I bought this to get my dish network box connected to a phone line.  Needless to say; I am still paying the monthly service fee and now have a useless piece of junk in my closet.
I guess the headphones my dad had were made with better quality assurance than the ones I bought. The left headphone stopped producing sound completely and could not get it working again. I treat my things with great care and never handled these headphones any way but gently. Not sure the problem. I did have 5 stars but had to reduce to 2 stars. Would have went to 1 star, but the sound quality was actually good as I stated above.
As 10 Mbps hubs go, the EN-104's are really nice.

2661	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works well powering/charging both my Android phone and GPS at the same time. I just wished the blue indicator light would only activate when a USB was plugged in and not all the time. A minor quibble.
9194	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I asked around to some friends before buying a DVD, and was recommended the 550D multiple times. the higher end models only give you changer control (multiple dvd's/cd's) but since i already have a cd changer, i  didn't need to pay for that functionality. I have never had any issues with  audio track and video track being out of sync, in fact it has worked  perfectly. the remote control is intuitive, with multiple rewind and ff  speeds. The slow motion also has multiple speeds, so you can go frame by  frame with the jog function, or the system can move forward very very  slowly front or back. full features, digital menus, most of the controls  can also be done from the console of th machine itself. I play cd's in it  all the time as well. Optical jacks and svid and coax, really offer  flexibility when connecting to your stereo system.  I especially like the  built in dts decoding and dolby digital outputs. Very nice system!
See my review of the new Nook Glowlight. Tho it lacks a memory card slot it does screen back lighting right ... no ... superbly!
8848	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought it to help keep my car clean.
2772	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I really like this cover, but it adds serious bulk to the kindle.

4146	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Product works as advertised , came with adaptor , works great in my mini camcorder , would recomend at this price.
8880	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works!

4753	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We were having problems playing CD's.  The cleaner solved the problem.
But aside from that, I thoroughly enjoyed this novel. It resounded and connected with me. I will not soon forget these characters or their story.
8318	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just received this print server. I was a bit anxious about buying it because of somewhat negative reviews, especially regarding its setup problems.
6152	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is nice to have color coded cables in order to keep track of what goes where. I recently rewired my office and have now color-coded everything, and it is making things MUCH easier. It's nice to know the external network drive is purple, and the networked printer is yellow, etc...
8044	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I own the Kodak DC3400 digital camera, and can't say enough about this case.  It has room for my battery charger, extra set of batteries, all PC cables, Kodak's software CD, and the manual that came with my camera.
5972	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sometimes you need a short cord instead of all those twelve footers you have laying around.

4772	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
Can't beat this deal. (if you can, be sure to let me know).
9268	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Once again Amazon has the links to the best prices. It was great to find this product at half the manufacturer's price. This is the same deal as printer ink.


Personally, the Garmin GPS III+ meets my needs. Some fellow riders are using the Street Pilot model for its larger screen, but I doubt that it is as rugged as the GPS III+ - I often get caught out in the rain. I use it in my trip planning, while on the road, and after I return home. It allows me the flexibility of exploring unknown and new areas, can be unplugged from the bike and used while hiking, and is just plain cool. Keep in mind that it is a tempting target for thieves, so if you decide to use it in this manner, take the unit with you and never leave it on the bike.
Highly recommended! - Get one to use with any device that has a Mini HDMI interface.
8376	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are not big speakers, but they have big sound.  If you decide to get a pair, you have to listen to the song, "I love big speakers".  This has some good bass, that will show you what the speakers can do.  AWESOME speakers.

Pro's
9343	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect


8500	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm no audiophile.  Increasingly, my music is stored in the form of 160  kHz mp3's so I can take it with me or put it in very large playlists on my  computer.  That implies some small amount of loss of sound quality.  I'm  the kind of guy who's happy to live with that.
9420	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	What I like about this labeling tape is the pre-cut line running along the back of the backing paper. It makes it very easy to remove the label from the backing paper when you're ready to stick the label.
9696	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
I didn't buy either game, but instead looked back to some of my pre-Christmas reading - U can load Amazon's Appstore without rooting the device, esp. if it's running v1.4.0 of the software.  I got that working and bought $0.99 ad-free Fruit Ninja and Angry Birds.  While I was at it, I side-loaded a few other apps by e-mailing them to myself and web-browsing to get them, and got usb drivers working on an XP laptop so I could sideload via adb over usb.
7389	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good buy
The user interface is great, atractive, smooth and clean!  There were only 2 minnor issues:

2827	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I must say I fell in love the moment it turned on. No dead pixels, awesome colors and sharpness just as expected and no backlight bleeding or anything. And for this price, come on! This can't get any better. If you are still thinking abut buying this, just stop thinking and hit the ORDER button NOW. 30" S-IPS monitor at this price pretty much beats all the competition including Dell U3014 and the likes. Colors were just about perfect right out of the box.

------
Thank you Philips designers, you are great people.
* Content purchased through Barnes & Noble is only downloadable via a wireless connection (sorry, no PC-to-nook downloads for purchased B&N content allowed)

4930	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This dry lens cleaning system works as expected.  It does the job well and for a very affordable price.  I would definitely recommend.
9437	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Update 03-14-2010: These tapes can get pricy.  Buying three or four tapes can add up to more than the cost of the printer.  This is how I deal with it.  Order three or more online at Amazon.  Remember, these labels help you organize your life and or business and or customers and I have come to believe the value of this outweighs the cost by a long shot. White on Black is the best as I have tried Black on Clear but if the surface is dark then you can't read the label.  I have used Whit on black but the letters are not as clear - the advantage is it looks classier then the white labels.
4138	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Wow, this was the same cost as those short cables you get at your local store. Wired my TV to my PC across the room and yes it fits anything that is HDMI. Not just the Sony TV.

1448	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I pulled the trigger on three of these on pre-order back in November.  I'd cancelled my order for as many Kindle Fires because I felt the technical specs justified the extra $50 for the Nook Tablet.  I also appreciated more onboard storage and expandability since we're a four person family and I drive ... all three were for my wife and kids and not me, and I expected they'd be used on the road a lot.
4029	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice one transmitted well
* E-book library lending
On September 2011, Belkin released a firmware update for this F5D4077 adapter.  After I updated my adapters, I did notice some smoother buffering of my streaming video.  I posted the link for the F5D4077 firmware update in the 'Comment' section of this review.

8736	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Olympus D-340R is, in my opinion, the best value digital camera available right now.
Audiobooks.  You would think an ebook reader would also have good support for audiobooks.  The internal memory and media card have folders for specific media types.  You can even create your own folders on the SD card.  However, no matter where you put your media, the Tablet finds all of it and dumps it into either the music player or the media player.  There is no way to separate audiobooks from music.  Where the music player completely fails is playing audiobooks in sequential order.  Most software applications sort by reading a filename from left to right and sorting on the first character difference it finds.  The music player apparently looks at the first few characters and then the last characters and ignores the middle ones.  For example, an audiobook with multiple discs and chapters should sort by discs first (1, 2, 3) and then by chapter (1,2,3).  Instead the Tablet sorts by placing all the chapter ones together and then all the chapter twos and so one.  The file manager sorts alphabetically so you have to open the media card file manager and play audiobooks from there. Verdict: FAIL
 Second, you can dynamically  change the recording level while recording - most other units don't do  this.
868	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its in my phone and storing all kinds of digital chit. No problems of any sort. Happily buy another if ever needed.

7428	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great radio with all 14 channels and 38 privacy codes, yet you don't need a license. Unfortunately don't be fooled by the privacy "codes". Your conversations can still be monitored by other radios. Nice features like a backlit display lets you see the display in the dark and lock alows you to prevent accedental channel changes. Also includes an accessory jack for an optional hands-free (VOX) or push-to-talk headset. Bottom line, great 2-way radio with wonderful range and reception (up to 2 miles) except for the cons listed above and a incovieniently located talk button.
9698	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	this is good tape - but BE AWARE! it is not Clear tape as we would expect it... it is "translucent white/greyish"... hence me giving it 4 stars...
8778	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	All  nice thank you

Not-so-strong points:
Because this gave me what I needed (and the ordering snafu regarding the size was purely MY fault), I decided that 5 stars was what this pack earned.
807	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Quality and build are excellent.  I bought it to try it on my LG Stylo but this phone will not recognize the device, it's the phone's fault, not the Slimport.  The Stylo just does not have video out through the USB.
Especially a tuneable Firestik Antenna.
7249	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I had a party and wanted it to be as green as possible. This table cover helped with that. I didn't feel nearly as guilty as if I'd used a plastic one, although it did come sealed in plastic. Nice color, too.
6971	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	In order for the cable to make a connection (at the female end) I needed to hold both cables and bend slightly so that the edge connectors would make contact. Since I didn't want to stand there every time I needed to use the cable I returned it.
It worked, It's blue and matches my Linksys routers, what more can you say about a cable? Came in a pretty package :-)

5209	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I was looking for some headphones to replace my old Sony MDR-V2s that were losing their foam covering.  I wanted them to limit outside noise while not leaking the sound out to outsiders either, as I need them for practicing piano without disturbing my roommates.  This is why the closed-back design seemed favorable.
6803	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These are easy to use. They do work on sticky substances with some elbow grease. I didn't feel like I was damaging the discs when I used these wipes, but sometimes I had to press harder than I was comfortable with to clean.
1275	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Refurbished = dead in a few months.  Wouldn't recharge and the screen was all messed up.  I really liked this product when it first came out.  The e-ink is perfect for saving battery and viewing in bright lights/sun without eye strain.  A backlight would have been welcome though so you wouldn't need one when the lights went out.  The little integrated LCD touch panel was also a bit of ingenuity.  Alas, because it died so quickly in the same fashion as the last one, we can't really give it as good a review as we want.  Please try again, NOOK.
5581	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great value if you just need a regular 50 ft. ethernet cable, and you don't care about the color, etc.

Functionally this is pretty good. I like the dual scan feature, and having access to NOAA weather is great.
I'm probably going to end up tossing this if I can't return it... I'm buying a much better cable instead.  Don't buy this!!!
3990	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to load movies on for the times when I,m off-line.  It's amazing on how much information can be stored on this card.  The price is unbelievable, I was very impressed.
And if you are expecting to root this device, it appears barnes and noble is aggressively patching their device to disallow the use of outside apps.
151	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I already had power converters and really only needed the cables, but at this price, why not just get both pieces and save the converters for backup? The set is OEM B&N, so I know I can count on it being correct. I have been burned before on non OEM cables, and  didn't want that to happen again.
2503	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Does the job well.  The tablet charges.
2124	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	clips could have been bigger but it works
While I suspect right-handed people are not keen to the idea of adapting to something that seems inherently left-handed, that doesn't mean they couldn't adapt and find similar value in it.
My MacBook is a great book for anyone new to the Mac, or anyone who just likes having a great basic book for random questions that come up. I was very impressed with how detailed and easy to follow the directions are. Personally, I wouldn't have the patience to get into so much detail! On this point, kudos to the author. This covers everything from setting up a new MacBook to sharing files, folders, and printers, and just about anything you can think of in between.
3420	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as it supposed to be.
Anybody know this type of cleaner for CD player that WORKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3118	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Received this item today.  Plugged it in and thought that I should have read the reviews first. But there were also alot of good reviews.  So, I tried to think what was going on, plugging it in first it said "no microphone" when I went to my recording app.  I don't know if it did not go in all the way with the case on my Ipod, but I had to charge it and when I tried again with the case off, it did work.  IN ORDER TO LISTEN TO WHAT YOU HAVE RECORDED, YOU HAVE TO DISCONNECT THE MICROPHONE. Made sure it was pushed in all the way when I put the case back on.

162	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For wife's NOOK to hook to TV for larger viewing
3612	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent
Total Loss
5378	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As described
4010	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	great product!!!
1181	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Great value for my purpose to store and read PDF instructional files.  I use my Kindle for pleasure reading. Good Value and was shipped quickly ... could not find this model (basic) in the store.  Offers detachable micro sd storage chips and Kindle doesn't and that is the only reason I choose this product. I personally recommend the Kindle ... but this was a good value.
9148	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
6656	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm. I use it to place my old b&w laser printer on a shelf away from my computer.
7377	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these for my brother. When he received them, he reacted as if it was Christmas! It's a shame that they're being discontinued. He's heartbroken about it as he is not at all computer oriented and still relies on cassette tapes to do his thing.
3783	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great for my nuvi 1450 and my new nuvi 1598LMTHD
5391	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	FILTER FIT PERFECTLY AND WAS DELIVERED ON TIME WITH A GOOD PRICE
747	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Unfortunately, I'm returning this mount.
3381	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I just returned from Germany and have some feedback. While the item is physically made well, I strongly suggest you look for an adapter that does not have pieces you need to remove to adapt. I now have a universal adapter that can no longer be used in Germany because I pulled it out of the wall and the EU adapter piece stayed in the recessed reciptical and I didn't catch it before I left. One of my traveling companions had an adapter where all of the plugs flipped out of the main box and nothing could be lost. I did like the USB feature of this one, but in reality if you take one USB charger from any of your phones (which are very small now) you can charge any USB device. I personally take my Netbook and could also charge a device from it. Also, this one sat a little loose in the reciptical and you had to be careful that they didn't separate if plugged into a wall. In summary, this device has great fetures for the money, just be careful when in the hussle of packing not to lose the piece.
2345	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Muy bueno
take ALOT of Picts with my Cell Phone.. Thanks Alot!!
6217	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When the CD drive on my Toshiba laptop refused to write to CD's I was convinced I was in for a big bill. Then I decided to try the Allsop CD laser-lens cleaner. It cured my problem in less than 5 minutes. So, if the problems you are experiencing are the result of dirt or dust this is a simple and effective solution. But, don't expect it to cure mechanical or other problems. If your CD drive is giving you problems, this is worth a try. If it doesn't work you are not out much and you know the problem isn't dirt on the lens. My only complaint is that it is not clear when it is through cleaning, so I cleaned the lens 3 times before I was convinced it was done.
1205	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Unboxed the Nook. Charged it up. Won't connect to my Wifi network when three laptops in my house will. And it won't work at all until you register it. Posts on the Internet say its a complex technical issue. I'm calling the B&N tech people. If they can't fix it fast then this thing is going back. I didn't sign up for hours of struggling with Nook's technical problems. I have better things to do.
The screen. trust me, I love it. But unlike other tablets where if you crack the glass you just have to replace the glass, on the Nook if you crack it, the screen is toast
9499	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	perfect printer tape for the device.  Price good.


4781	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Did all 5 computers, so far so good.  Very simple to use.
1266	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Its a good ereader.  How it compares to the kindle, I dunno I seen raves and complaints for both.
7349	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	don't quite understand what I need to say about this product, it's an extension cord, it extends the distance between the motherboard and the keyboard and/or mouse.
4863	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	High quality.  Rewinds fine.
6983	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Title says it all. These are very low quality cables and the female end is a joke. Look for ones that actually cover the male end you plug in and not this cheesy aluminum end like this one has.
6903	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a simple, no frills, no gimmicks radio.  Believe it or not, it was hard to find a radio with those qualities.  Modern radios are teeny-tiny, and have tons of "features".  I needed this radio for someone who was visually impaired, had severe arthritis, and was well beyond the age of dealing with multi-functional gadgets.  Fortunately (?) GE is still in the business of making things "the old fashioned way".
1382	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	my wife was tired of dragging books around she loves the covienence of the tablet and can make the text larger
3810	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is not a Garmin charger ,it is a MOT-V3CE .
3972	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
35	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love the remote, my old remote was going bad and I looked everywhere trying to find something, finally I decided to look online and I found the exact same kind, and they work great with my tv, I got one for my parents also. Great remote.
This headset will also work with standard land line handsets.

7680	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As described, works.

8195	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I work in Cable Modem operations. We have some  customers who buy cheap, and often problematic NIC's, ony to face hours of endless troubleshooting on NIC issues. The NetGear FA-310 is one of their biggest problems. Made of  flimsy greenboard and "? " type Chinese components, NetGear's  crusade of inexpensive NIC's has made a joke of consistentcy. The price may  be attractive, yet you would be hard-pressed to find any company who would  commit to using NetGear NIC's throughout their operation: Simply because  the service and quality is inconsistent. NetGear's customer support is  short of laughable, as well.
7667	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works as expected.
2710	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I was looking for, compact null modem.
7441	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have used this product for a few months now and absolutely love it.  However, if you are primarily doing steet navigation, I would suggest  moving up to the Steet Pilot which has a larger screen and color.  The  Garmin III is more than suitable for street navigation, but the screen size  and lack of color can get old pretty quick.
1) 4k monitors are $1,000+.  Yes there are cheaper ones but there cheaper because...
I've seen DVD players costing under $100 play the very same VCD's without any problems.
2475	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as described. Low profile and charges devices without any interference.
5092	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With buttons offering instant access to the listener's choice of preset stations, and good reception, this shower radio has been a big hit in my house. The digital clock is also a nice feature, but is a bit hard to read by night-light if you're checking the time during a late-night bio-break. This is a fine product.
4316	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Everybody needs a long cable
1915	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This book was a totally different change of pace after some of the "predictable" ones I've been reading recently.  Disturbing, but a great read and will keep you thinking.
6149	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Belkin 3-Foot RJ45 CAT 5e Snagless Molded Patch Cable (Blue) worked just as it was I thought it would. Pagkaged well and arrived on time.

2720	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As pictured.
The product arrived two weeks ago, I did charge the battery and afterwards registreded the product so I immediately starting getting books, nowadays I have plenty of Nook Books to read ahead.
horrid, dull color
- The simple touch looks cool, very simplistic. no buttons all touchscreen for the most part.
7546	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed to protect my valuable stuff that I can't take with me.
8367	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My son is using these for recording rap so he can hear the music on the computer. He says they are lightweight so he is able to wear them for an extended period of time without them getting heavy or even his ears getting sweaty.

So long as you computers is spec'ed for it, then get it. Updated an older netbook that has a max of 2 gigs, so got this.

Memory Storage is limited to about 1GB with space to add another memory card.  To bring it up to 8 or 16 GB, it will cost you another $30 to $60, or if you buy it from B&N it will be twice as much.  I feel the device is worthless without at least another 8GB of storage.  I'd rather it came with another 16GB.  The iPad comes with that much or more--so you get a color full touch screen for not much more than the cost of the memory you need.
2 Examples: Angry Birds and Fruit Ninja.
687	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was installed by two handy men - the first they had every done.  Went very well.  This mount was chosen because of the 20  inch extension.  The wall is recessed so the TV needs to come out of that hole.  The mounting plate sets above the 23" LED TV an inch but the length of the extension makes that O.K.  I would have done this myself (68 yo female) except the handy stud finder declared the whole 3' wall was a stud!!  With much chatting the handy men were finished in 45 minutes.
8109	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Usually it's better than average,but this one is not as good as I bought before. I have quiet few Belkin's items and I like /trust this brand. Everything would be fine if not for the cheap plastic plugs ...If ur intend to unplug/re-plug it often, than I recommend other brand-Belkin screwed up on this one;) Thought it's cheap-don't like it-throw it in the garbage.;)))
- The extra $40 warrenty guarentees replacement of damaged nook.
3266	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as described. Have not had an issue with my Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014. There was a surprise when it arrived though: there was an SD adapter card with it. Did not read that in the description when I ordered the card.

So, I guess it just repeats the old cliche "You get what you pay for".  This light was more expensive, but of far, far better quality.  I'm very pleased with it.
2071	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This did NOT work right out of the package. It states that there is a battery included so we figured it might be dead. THREE adults of at least average, if not above average, intelligence could NOT figure out how to get the battery compartment open and there were no instructions or hints anywhere in or on the packaging. Returned.

1340	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it
This camera is lousy, and isn't worth $90.
3470	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have used this item for several months.  The thing I noticed when I first received it was that the tip of the plug did not seem to fit firmly into my Nexus 7 tablet.  I was a little concerned because my OEM cable tip bent causing the need for the replacement.  So far no problems with that also it does seem like a loose connection.  My main problem is that the tablet will not fully recharge even overnight using this cable.  I now use my charger and cable that came with my phone which fully recharges the nearly exhausted battery (20-30%) in less than two hours. IT works great.  This replacement cable did not work for me.

8164	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, it's a ethernet cable, nothing special except for maybe the snagless ends. Cable is well-built from a reputable brand at an unbelievable price. Great connection, doesn't come loose from my router (or the wall). Also comes with a lifetime warranty so if anything goes wrong you're covered.
Given this, the book is an easy read. Perhaps a bit lower on the scale than this very review, anybody with a ninth grade comprehension level should get it. I took three days to finish, only because of other work. This is an ideal read for a plane, train, or bus ride.

8214	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I would never recommend another network card...  this card was perfectly detected by 2 verisons of Linux I have, as well as a copy of UNIX without any installation.  The card is extremely reliable and my company has bought  20 without any problems, especially good for retail machines like COMPAQ's.  PCI card requires no assigning IRQ's.  Fast 100Mbps, and great support.  Comes with a driver disk with any driver for any OS.  Fully supported in  Win2k as well...  even better than the classic NE2000!
9077	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
828	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A top-notched 64GB microSDXC chip for my LUMIX 4K Panasonic camera that worked perfectly.
When we build more models of the book, I will review it further.
6103	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thanks for still making this old technology for those of us still using it

1821	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A very good story.  It was maybe somewhat predictable, but had a nice story to it and a lesson learned too.  A good all around story.  I would read more books by this author.
- nice ereader
3384	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchase for my Nokia Lumia 1520, makes taking pictures that much easier without worrying about space.
At this point, I've found it to be a really excellent device and the only thing remotely "tablet" that's appealed to my needs. I find it easy to use with one of the first touch screen keyboards that recognizes my non-dainty mitts (I kind of hate touch screens as a rule). I feel like the makers of this device understand how ADD our society has made us, and most complaints about the firmware's limited capacity to check e-mail, surf the web, and play tiny games are music to my ears. I just want electronic paper... for reading.
9578	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The label tape works well in my small portable machine. It was a great price. It just took a little longer to arrive, as it came directly from China. I would definitely order from them again, if their price is right.

565	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to install, and works great. Television moves with ease and always feels secure. Doesn't loosen over time like other television mounts.
3416	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Asus memo pad latest model 2 weeks old - it recognizes two movies and then rest are grayed it. Tried them (two cards)  with fat32 and exfat - same. The old generic 32gb class 6 card works perfectly... Tried 4 different media player apps - same result. Sick as a parrot about this SanDisk. SanDisk support ? tried that....  they say blame it on the Asus as Michael Jackson might have said. Said they make it for computers and it works in my computer. I said no, you make it for phones and tablets and all sorts of stuff. No, go away, call Asus...
7717	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good cable
because the metal was a lighter guage than
maybe, the one with 2 leds had worked better, but I don't have anything to regret.
8143	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's ethernet.. as advertised. Snag protectors work well. No complaints here; would buy again. 6 more words required required required.
8467	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have had this radio for 3 years. It has worked well and has good sound quality as well as very decent shortwave performance for the price.
336	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It attached to our tv without the extention arms.  It only took minutes to install. The hinges are really stiff so we will move the tv while holding the wall mount not the tv. We worry it will pull to much on the TV and possibly crack it.  Hopefully with use it will move easier.  It is very easy to attach to the TV and the wall.
For those of you who have never worked in the home building industry wall studs are usually 1.5 inches wide so this mount only requires 2 lag bolts in the middle holes to secure it to the wall to support a 23 lb TV. The four outboard holes on the wall mount are 1.3" apart so don't try to use them in a wall stud measuring 1.5" wide.
6575	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very easy to use! Basicly plugin and use it that simple. I am using it to update Blue Ray player and other devices away from my computer.

3113	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Items arrived in a swift time period

The only thing I don't like is the color. It's kind of gray, so it looks old.
I am going to buy a lot of these to give at Christmas time !
7510	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product, arrive on time and works perfectly.
6579	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It literally took 5 minutes to get this set up and working.  I have an Xbox 360 in a separate room from my internet router and was looking at options to connect the Xbox to the internet to use Xbox live, etc.  This looked like the perfect answer.  I prefer not using wireless for the increased security/speeds and this is perfect.  This adapter encrypts the communications and is fast.  I watched ESPN on the Xbox and saw no lagging/buffering.  The only downside is that Belkin suggests you plug these adapters directly into the wall (makes sense) but it is sometimes a bit difficult to find an open wall outlet.  If you are looking to extend wired internet to someplace in your home I would highly suggest this product.

-built very well with good quality feel to it.
3670	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	32Gb are good capacity
6599	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Accessing the 'Net through an electric socket?  I think my first reaction was, "Okayyyy..."
2786	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Apparently the other reviews highlighted the "bad features" of this light, so I'll refrain from rehashing those comments. Rather ,I'll share the positive attributes of this light. I am deaf myself and I did a review of this in Sign Language on my Facebook page along with YouTube. I see the potential of this little light and how it enhance our lives. For starters, it is a wonderful phone stand to hold your phone (I have iPhone 6 Plus).  It is very flexible and you can bend at will.  I personally got this product myself and I haven't had any problems with it so far.  I also see the potential of using this light to chat in sign language in dark environments such as dimly lit restaurants or outdoors on a patio table.  Of course, also use it for intended purposes with my books. I think it's a nifty product.  I certainly hope Moleskin wont' discontinue the product due to the negative reviews here and instead strives to improve the product and address consumer concerns.
9923	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this product fairly quickly.  If you want to save time, order this online but you could also run to an office supply store.  I think the price is competitive.
867	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Stopped working after a few uses. I will be returning this product. I have also read similar reviews so this is not a fluke
5416	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Short, simple, great quality cables for my servers.
1. Shooting photos on a diskette was easier than engaging software and changing documentation from the camera to a file on my PC.
3653	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelente
5160	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this tapes came out o.k just like i expected for my camcorder real nice colors and easy to deal with.
anyway, came pre-formated FAT32
-Considerable barrel distortion at wide angle. If you do a lot of architectural photos or are just unlucky and pick a tricky shot (like a door for instance) at the edges of the screen, at wide angle, well, it is way too obvious sometimes. Few digital cameras offer high-quality lens that are completely (almost) barrel distortion free, but I can't help looking at some cheap digicams using Zeiss lenses and feeling that the Coolpix deserved better. At Tele, the problem is a lot less obvious, but on wide, expect some of your lines to be more like,well...splines. -No USB interface, no Firewire, no nothing besides the plain' old serial interface. Ever tried transferring 48MB at 115k? Well, let's just say that it reminds me the days when I used analog modems. A lot of patience is required. Again, this could and should have been released with USB support (which was widely available at the time).  -Big body. The camera is a big big, not cigarrete-packet size like some Canon's and other models, so, that might end up meaning that you'll take it with you less often. -Some chromatic distortion (purple edges, etc) under certain conditions.  -Forget about using Alkalines they will last 10 minutes. Go for NiMh 1600 rechargeables. The 8MB default card will only hold about 10 photos at maximum resolution, or 1 if you don't want lossy compression. 48 MB or 64 MB cards are essential. -Panel isn't always visible under bright sunlight (newer firmware revisions have addressed this issue, but it's still tricky sometimes) -First versions of NikonView were incredibly , to the point of the user not being able to recover transferred photos after a connection failure (that meant that aborted transfers at 90% of the card when you're using a slow serial protocol meant starting all over, quite fun). Don't worry, NikonView is now a lot more solid and, but I did suffer with the first versions.
larger TV's could have an issue being heavier
- Sideloading non-DRMed, non-B&N content downloaded from places like Project Gutenburg is very easy, and it all goes into the same library as your B&N downloaded content.

1870	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great cover. The magnetic flap is great, and the faux leather/suede looks and feels very, very classy.  It fits the Nook Simple Touch perfectly, as well.
2895	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Performs well, but is surpassed by units from Toshiba only require a single cable .
288	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had my Macbook Pro for almost two years now and I must admit there is not a whole lot in this book that I did not already know. For the newbie, however this book is exceptional! I wish this book had been out when I had first gotten my Mac. I feel that Snow Leopard (MAC OS) is intuitive enough, but sometimes just a little bit more information is needed and that is where this book might come in handy. It really covers just about everything in Snow Leopard from system settings and personalizing your Mac, using just about every application including Itunes, and basic troubleshooting.
Also, even though the price is attractive, think  carefully about choosing this model if you plan to do much printing.  Most  printers use the parallel port, and although you can hook up both a printer  and this drive to the same port, you can't use both simultaneously.  This  is disasterous if you attempt to print a file from the ZIP drive.  It can  be done, but it takes a lot longer than printing from other drives.  Also,  forget about accessing the ZIP drive if you've sent a print command.  Your  parallel ZIP drive will be unavilable for the duration of the print.
7473	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good quality and great price.
4485	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cleaning the heads is what it is doing, picture quality is improving, I need to run it a few more times, it does work.

This clamp table system was easy to assemble, but is very heavy to move around, so if you have room for the leg system, you may want to go with that option.  I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend this item.

846	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Will work for a week and quit i have three and they just don't work well with the crappie micro  usb charging port. My phone is a LG g3
I recommned this product to those who still use a VCR.
7237	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love it :-)
1517	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I currently own this and NSTes without the glow light.  The Kindle - gets all of the rave - and maybe it deserves it  - but I am not convinced.  I recently bough a second generation Paperwhite - but do not even like the way it feels in my hand - so - I went looking for the NST with glow light.  What I love about the NST is its simplicity - all functions that I need are delivered with one - maybe two clicks -  I also love that it readily reads ePubs and PDFs and has an expandable memory slot - making it easy root - which I have done only so that I can get the Kindle app.  I have not had any luck with that so far.  So, if you have rooted this recently and have the Kindle app- please advise.
Maybe next year, the nook will be ready for prime time.
I got the Midland 75-822 back in mid February 2017 and i took it with me on a six hour trip to Augusta, GA.  As i drove through North Florida and South Georgia, i spoke to a few drivers who were courteous and gave me traffic updates (e.g. road work and lane closures).  But mostly it's just people talking about random stuff.  Sometimes it's more fun to listen to random conversations than it is to listen to AM/FM radio.
Arriving home we were completely satisfied with the  photos shot at the low resolution setting when printed out on our HP  Deskjet 895 using an Epson photographic paper.  I doubt that most people  would be able to tell the difference between the prints and a standard  developed snapshot.  The enclosed Olympus and Adobe software is easy to use  and functional for most home use.  You will absolutely love the Quickstitch  utility that simply creates oversized and panorama shots!
6667	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Not much to say here. I purchased this for what I thought to be its intended purpose - to connect a Microsoft Sidewinder joystick with a game/MIDI port connector to my computer's USB port. It did not work. My computer would not recognize the joystick no matter what. I would not recommend purchasing this for such a purpose, unless you know of some tricks or something regarding connecting devices, drivers, etc.
7146	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works great to run a cable from the computer to the photo printer. The Cable works great, love how long it is.

1100	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Amamax sent me the wrong ram to start with, I mean the numbers weren't even close to being the same as the one in the picture or the listing. I tried it anyway to see if it might be another brands substitute and my machine wouldn't even try to boot with this ram in it. The packaging was a joke, they dropped it in a ziplock bag and put  that in a bubble envelope none of which offered much protection but by some miracle it did make it without getting broken. When I emailed them about the issue they took several days to get back to me and when they did they didn't even offer to replace it, they just told me to return it. I ask you what the hell kind of service is that? Emails take forever out of this place and when you are lucky enough to get one it's far from being friendly. I will NEVER buy another item from AMAMAX again EVER!
The root kits are useless for this OS version 1.4.2 and the instructions to root / jailbreak it read worse than rocket instructions from annoying geeks !

4285	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
3061	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I unpacked this product. I plugged it in. The plug and play mode kicked in and I'm up and running..! 5 stars........****** It only took seconds to fire this baby up....!
9104	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great cleaner! Used it once and dad never had to clean again, works great every time!


The configuration works! I have an excellent signal no matter which band I use anywhere in my townhouse. One thing that is important to point out is that the Belkin F5D4077 Powerline Adapter's maximum speed is 200 Mbps, so using the F5D4077 this way will inhibit the maximum speed of the 5 GHz band but it does help keep from dropped signals in the areas that currently only saw a weak signal from the first router.
(I received an eARC from the publisher through Netgalley for use in this review.)
871	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it promises to do.  Very easy and straight forward to use.  Need an HDMI cord and a charge cord...
I hope this review helped you out.
The Nook feels to be a very solidly built device. The screen size is large and the font is crystal clear. I wish it would have come with a protective case, but while I am here on Amazon...
6821	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When you shop for cables and other electronic adapters, all you want is for them to do what you need them to do.
8602	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well. Cord is not super stretchy because it's sort of stiff. I hooked one side to a coat hanger and something with enough weight to stretch it but not break to the other for a few days. Feels better now
And Hoo! It was on the left side. I am left-handed, so I was hooked. Bought it. Boom. It just arrived tonight via FedEx so I sat down to open the package.
6837	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got these to clean dirty DVD and Bluerays that I got from Netflix. Works great. Saves a lot of frustration when a movie stops or skips because of crud on the disk.
Highly recommended - cheaper than Radio Shack!
4581	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For those of use who still own a vcr, finding a cleaner in the stores is very difficult, next to impossible.  So finding this on amazon was a relief.

9713	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fine.
Daniel and Lucas fight and kill shifters in their missions to search and resupply their comrades held up in a building housing the college laboratories.
3773	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excelente!
When I first was interested  in purchasing this unit, my wife thought it was just another electronic  gimmick that I am known for wasting money on.  But after using this on the  ski slopes once, she changed her mind, this was no longer a gimmick, but a  requirement for going skiing with the family.
9624	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very good
Both projects are lamps made out of either just the cassette tapes or the tapes in their cases.  Thought I would give both a try and see which I liked better.
985	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Uhm, it's a memory card, it holds 64gb of digital goodness.  Video, in my GoPro and works well.  It doesn't suck and the price was fair.
7381	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a gift and I think they are very much appreciated.
2738	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product, Fits into tight places such as the space between a TV and the wall. This is a nice addition to any AV installer/engineers toolkit, it is a excellent AV RS232 control troubleshooting tool!
4709	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was having problems burning DVDs in my Macbook Pro SuperDrive.  Bought this and didn't realize it said "not for use in laptops" until after inserting disk and it getting ejected without being recognized by the drive.
5212	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I never learn...pay more for better quality...
8435	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Sound quality and voice reception are good.  Headband seems to fit very loose but I have that problem with a lot of headphones so must be my head shape.
The nook really isn't any heavier than most books (except maybe mass market paperbacks) and I find it to be very comfortable to hold (though usually I prefer holding it with a cover on so it's more like a book). I love the way the books can be organized in different categories. Usually I just organize them by date last opened though since I read more than one book at a time and can therefore have all the books I'm reading at the top of the list. I also love the touch screen it's not perfect (iPod touch and iPhone touch screens are much better), but I don't mind. The games that are included are absolutely perfect for me too. I love chess and sudoku and hopefully they'll add more in the future to be downloaded, but I'm happy with just those two. The screens contrast is great and while the new Kindle says it has better contrast, I honestly don't think I'd need it to be better. I can read perfectly fine and pictures look great on the screen. Another thing that I love about the nook is that you can personalize the screensaver and background (I know that's not really important, but I like having my favorite pics on my nook).
7724	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This clever power "strip" is great if you often have to plug or unplug your devices and don't want to crawl under your desk every time. The cord is long so you can put it where you need it, and the base is heavy enough that if you plug in a few things it doesn't tip over. The circular shape means that if you plug in something with a chunky adapter it won't block the other plugs (unlike most strips).
3383	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great on my Nokia
3211	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	They do not work, I plugged them into my ps/2 ports on MB and plugged in my USB mouse and keyboard and neither of them worked.
9593	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Brothers label maker takes these and have used them for 20 yrs.
when the original nook first came out i purchased one and took it back 2hrs later, it was less then what i expected, but i think barnes and noble has come a long way and now this version is very impressive.
5231	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This radio does have okay sound, but the major problem I have with this radio is you can't see the slide dial that selects the stations.  Contrary to the picture, its very diffilcult to see the stations, the numbers for the station aren't light enough to see, I think their actually grey and against a black background forget it.
* Touch screen
4100	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works.  Comes with the adapter and is seen by my nook hd+, samsung galaxy player 5.0, and my computer adapters (I have a few).  Can't go wrong if you need a small card :)
6273	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works fine.
The touch screen is a bit sensitive on the device, so if you prefer not to use it, they are also tactile "buttons" that will allow you to change pages.  The home screen shows the book you are currently reading and the page number you are on - a few other books in your library, and some suggested readings.  You can create shelves that you name on which to house your books by categories. They do not look like physical shelves, rather they are just a grouping of books.
2657	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I received them before the due date.  The big advantage over previous duel outlets is the short length.  The others I have are longer and short out my power outlet which blows the fuse.  Much nicer to not have to be as careful.
If you like Barnes & Noble and their books and movie content, then, of course, that is a win for you as well.  It's all here and well integrated.  Plus there are some Nook HD+ specific apps pre-installed and you should prefer them in most cases.  (Note: I made the mistake of updating the Nook Netflix app with the one from the Google Play store -- big No-No!  It did not work at all.  Once I uninstalled it and went back and reloaded the Nook-branded version from the Nook store (free) -- everything worked fine again. I've had this issue with other tablets as well, the Netflix app seems to be very picky and you need the right one for your specific tablet. I had also installed the Android Pandora over the Nook version, but that one worked fine.  So...if you do this and have issues, just uninstall and reinstall from Nook Store/Cloud vs. Google Play Store and you'll be fine.)


3965	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good

7412	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have used Maxell Cassettes for over 30 years and never have been disappointed.  If you ar an audio purist, don't purchase this, go for the higher bias.  For normal folk like me with tin-pan ears, this product carries audio to near perfection and at a real bargain price, whether that price is retail or sale.
I now enjoy using the Nook which is so much easier and more comfortable to hold than regular books while reading,  and to carry back & forth to work each day or to travel with. I don't like the gray screen which requires you to face the Nook towards the light; and I don't like the glare on the screen from the sun or lights. I have to sit "just so" to read it - which somewhat defeats the idea of portability. Overall I do like it, but it needs improvement.
3243	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased I used a little and worked good no complaint especially for this price.
7017	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	[December 2000]
347	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My TV is still on the wall.
- the display looks great, even in direct sunlight more or less.

2399	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good for good price !
Spend your $200 on a real tablet.
6136	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice looking cat 5 cable and the length is perfect for most devices. I wish they made several different colors instead of white and black, then you could trace what port and what device it powers.
5895	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Put the Allsop DVD and CD Drive cleaner into my Panasonic DMR ES15 DVD Recorder and when it finished working, my problems with discs not finalizing or error messages stopped.  I also found that Verbatim plus DVD blank discs worked better in this machine than the Verbatim minus blank Discs I had been using so I'll be using those in the future too.  I was able to finish using the rest of the minus discs I had with no problems.  Product does what it's supposed to do.
1289	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I spent a couple of months comparing the Nook and the Kindle. They are both great at what they were made for. My friend bought a Nook and after I looked at it, my decision was made. I bought one that afternoon. I've enjoyed it since then. I'm a voracious reader and have filled the Nook with over 30 books in about 6 weeks. There has only been one problem downloading one book. And, after speaking with one of their wonderful customer service agents for 5 minutes, the problem was solved. If you like to just read books on an e-ink screen, this e-reader is for you.
9390	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The quality of the product was good I only wish I could order more than one but that is all that was allowed
1803	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like the book


* Prints are fast and consistent, I don't have a printer fast enough to really test the speed but prints to the laserjet are just as fast as a direct USB connection (only this is over the internet, printing direct IP, through a VPN connection).
I can't see how far I've read, I can't edit file names, AND WORST OF ALL I CAN'T DELETE???????????!!?!!?!?!!?!  wtf B&N, wtf.
Word of caution: If you do not drive the proper mounting screws into the center of a wall stud, if you exceed the specified TV weight limit, or if you try to get by with a really cheap swing arm mount, you may be signing a death sentence for your $500 TV (and perhaps yourself)!
As for me, I decided to  spend the extra money on a Rhinoskin molded aluminum case.  I'll let you  know how that goes.  So far, so good...check them out.
3580	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described! Love the convenience!
4844	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far so good! Have only used it a few times but seem to work as advertised!
These radios are especially useful if your home office is partially or completely below ground, like in a finished basement.  Or, if you work in a metal framed office building and you want to listen to talk radio.
6388	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
3087	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I just re-read the details of this product and still can not find any mention of the fact that this device is a READ ONLY device and will not create/burn CDs or DVDs.  I'm very very dis-satisfied with the product and with Amazon for carrying it.
1617	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Really loved this book.  It would make an awesome movie if someone would run with it.
7767	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly, no problems.
3. better, usable dictionary. Nook dictionary is hidden behind a few clicks on the LCD which makes it really unpractical.


8740	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have to say that I'm quite impressed with the quality of the images produced by this camera.  It is easy to use (once you read the manual), and it's a snap to transfer images to your computer via the included serial  cable and software.  I am somewhat disappointed in the manual.  It is  difficult to read and it does't include all the information you might want.  For example, I was disappointed that it apparently had no Twain driver.  But when I browsed the included CD-ROM, I noticed it had a Twain directory.  I clicked Setup, and voila!  I now don't even use the included software; I  use my old friend Paint Shop Pro and the Twain compatible feature that was  not even mentioned in the manual!  One other little glitch I noticed about  my camera -- it does not erase all pictures at once except from the  software.  The manual explains how to erase all using the camera buttons,  but it doesn't work for me.  I have to erase them one at a time, or connect  to the computer and use the software to erase them.  All and all, it's a  great camera for the money -- $300.  Oh yea, and mine even came with the  rechargeable batteries and a charger!
And then it hit me.  THE STENCH!  The cable I got REEKED of chemical, plasticy, rubbery odor that was HIGHLY unpleasant.  This wasn't the case with my 25 foot cable!  Perhaps they cheaped out on the jacket?  Or just simply changed suppliers?  I have no idea.  But, if you have a sense of smell at all, avoid this cable.  I ended up buying a Dynex 50' cat 5e ethernet cable from Best Buy for too much money.  What can I say, I needed it right then.  Something very similar is sold on Amazon for a lot less, but it doesn't look exactly the same (although it probably is).  If it IS the same, then I can tell you that the Dynex cable does not smell at all and is a very nice and flexible cable which feels like it has some kind of high quality jacket material.

2511	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have several of these, from various retailers, all the same, each made in some anonymous Chinese factory, all exactly alike.
4708	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Received the shipment on-time, but the first thing I noticed when opening the box were the words "not for laptop use" written on the package.  There was no mention anywhere in the specs or description of this item on the site that said it was only for laptops, so since I only have a laptop, I have now needlessly purchased a product I cannot use.
1495	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have looked at the Nook pretty extensively over the past few months.  I have read review after review on it and am convinced this will be the ereader I purchase.  You might be wondering why I am writing a review for an item that I don't even have yet...  Well, it's because of the price that Amazon is charging for this WIFI only model...  $189?  Why in the world would anyone pay this kind of price through Amazon when they can go to BN.com and purchase it for the real price of $139?  I realize that Barnes and Nobel lowered the price a couple of months ago - but shouldn't that have been enough time to modify the pricing structure here???  I'm at a loss.  Buyer beware here.  Not of the quality of the product, but of it's cost here.  For that extra $50, you could buy 5 ebooks!
128	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product was everything it stated.
5102	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was given this shower radio 13 years ago as a gift.  I have listened to NPR in the shower almost every day since then, and it has lasted and performed well.  Finally the plastic cover over some of the buttons on top started to crack and break off, so I just bought a new one.  It lasts many months (6 months?) on 3 'C' batteries. The reception is pretty good.  I was hoping that Sony would have made it a bit more modern in appearance, but it looks decent enough for a shower radio.  I like the countdown timer, as I can turn it on for 30 minutes when I take a shower, and by the time I am done dressing it shuts off automatically.  Thus, I don't have to get back in the shower (wet floor) to turn it off.
7701	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good

6300	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good quality and long lead.
4816	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok

This is a much better price than local on the label refills, so I buy them here.
3131	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It does not work. When you plug it in, it disables the speakers and then the iPod is practically silent. Not a good idea.
4253	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love it

1540	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	garbage keeps shutting off,dont buy their cheaply made
964	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good seller,highly recommended!
5881	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect to connect my wifi router to my modem. My last one was chewed through by my puppy, but he's through his chewing stage so this one should last.
lack of decent accessories selection. lets face it, the case market seems to be geared toward people that worship at the church of Steve, and the availability of accessories shows it.
4552	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	My 95 Cabrio only has a tape deck.  The changer in the trunk died so this makes gives me tunes using an IPOD through the factory stereo.  Much less expensive solution than adding a deck or fixing the changer.  I use it everyday and no complaints.  If the sounds seems weird, I just to the auto reverse on the deck and it resolves itself.  Works GREAT
9026	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was pleased with this item, glad you still carried them.
First thing I did was to put it side-by-side with the original charger that came with my Nook 8.9 HD+.  It was exactly the same size, shape, color and weight.  The only difference was the printed details in the charger.  The print was brighter and crisper in the original, but it was also decent in the new one I purchased.  Also, the QR code in the original was missing in the new one.  Finally, the hinge mechanism in the folding prongs was a little different, but the "feel" of folding and unfolding the prong was exactly the same.  With the USB cable, there was virtually no difference whatsoever.
Put this lens cleaner in.  At first it wasn't doing anything, but the CD player just spit the CD right out.  Apparently the lens is really dirty.  After a couple times of putting the CD back in I heard instruction in track 1 saying that tract 2 only needs to be played the minimum of 20 seconds to get the lense cleaned.
9442	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just as good as the original.

3006	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	i cant get it to work with my chromebook or my ps4 or my netbook so i got a windows laptop it worked but then i have to buy software Nero ...not cool everything should come with it to make WORK!!! Is there an app i can download to use the player from the chrome store???
5844	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cleans a CD player rather well, but it doesn't work in my Numark dual CD player so not sure what I can get that will clean that player out. On a standard player, works great.
I constantly had the urge to use the white part of the device as a touch screen, but only the bottom is a touch screen.  I found myself thinking, my iPod Touch is better than this.  It is fast to touch what I want.  Give me something better like a Blackberry pointer ball!
8668	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great especially on long convoy road trips.
5417	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to use with a hub. No problems.

2016	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Nice powerful little light
5182	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	At first I was hesitant to order this particular phone jack due to some of the negative reviews.  I spent quite a bit of time looking in other websites; however, Amazon offered the best deal (as usual) and free shipping. I came to the conclusion that other sites offering other brands also had some negative reviews, so I might as well take a chance with the Amazon link and save the shipping while I was at it. ;)

8183	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the kind of item that gets 5 stars or 1. It works, its not poorly made...it gets 5 stars
I've owned two for fifteen years and hope they never stop making this model in case I want another.
857	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good card


5698	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are great. That the hooks of the velcro only occupy a small strip on the band isn't a big deal. They hold well, they're colorful, and good quality. My strips from eight years ago still work.
6228	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The Maxell STD-T-120 4 Pack VHS Tapes are fine when you look at the performance. I am just not pleased with the price. After so many years, you would think Maxell tapes would be more price effective.

3125	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Small, compact, easy to carry around.  Followed the instructions and it worked perfectly.  It's not a broadcast quality microphone, but for everyday voice use it's a great, portable solution.
8170	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	New, does the job and arrived on time. Why would you pay two or three times more at an electonics store? Amozon is the place for all your cable needs.



3775	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	save a bunch if you don't need it "Today"! Works fine, and less than half the price of any of the brick-and-mortar outlets. I'm using it with a tablet.
6491	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	 Fuzzy Wuzzy's Summary:
4746	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Cleaned to of my vcr and now they don't work.
9022	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was about to retire an old standalone DVD recorder, because it would no longer let me create menus or finalize discs.  I bought this lens cleaner and -- voila! -- the recorder is working again.  Super easy to use (it's simply a DVD that you insert into your machine, and the menus tell you what to do).  Highly recommended.

6040	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable worked out well for me and is a very heavy-duty cable. I was having trouble with wifi on a new Mac Mini and decided to wire it directly to the router. I don't know why, but the Mini just wasn't getting good wifi even though it sits next to the router, but I still needed the router for my laptop and other misc stuff like a blu ray player, so I just used an extra ethernet port in the router and wired the Mini directly--it solved the problem (if you do this, be sure to tell the item that you are hardwiring to shut off the wireless).
The connection was easily made and performance is seamless. Never a glitch or interruption.
One little tip I'd like to add if you plan to use this slimport adapter with a smartphone for TVMC/Kodi is to download the Yatse remote app.  You can use your OTHER phone as a remote over wifi to control the device attached to the slimport adapter.  Perfect!
4814	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very useful product

881	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A+++, will buy again from he seller
7137	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are excellent quality USB cables that will allow you to connect any USB device (printer etc.)
This was simple to set up. We already had the driver installed on the computer, which made this much easier. Sometimes, some Zebra drivers will allow you to add the drivers without adding the printer. Othertimes, you can add the driver if you are installing it via USB. Because we already had the driver already installed in the computer locally, used the supplied cd's software to find the print server. From there we changed the IP, kept the subnet, and changed the IP of the gateway to what we use for our network.
DO NOT GET THIS. For $18 I should have known better. You're paying for spray painted metal and some screws.
Overall love the product.
2022	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love It!
The screen is incredible - bright and colorful and very fast due to both the fast processor and the full Gig of RAM. I popped-in a 16G micro SDHC card and have more than enough room for my entire library of sideloaded epubs, pdfs, mp3s, and mp4 videos.
663	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was for a 32 inch LCD.  Easy to install and works great.  I am very satisfied with this wall mount.
7294	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works as advertised.  I like it. it is strong, and durable.

5624	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The only thing I wish these had was some means to loop through, so that they could be attached securely to one end of the cable. Otherwise I just wrap one end around the cable and staple the two ends together, and now it's "permanently" tethered to one end.
This is why I bought it - Eventually, I will get a nook color - or a Kindle *color* if they come out with one, but for now, I thoroughly  enjoy my Nook, which has encouraged me to slow down and spend so much more time in the peaceful, leisurely act of reading. In my excitement, I am reading like 8 different books at once.  That is the great joy of having an e-reader - speaking to those who are, just as I used to be, resistant to the e-reading craze - there is no more lugging around a bag filled with books, and when I get tired of reading one, another book is just a couple of swipes away. I am learning about how to get all sorts of books for free or low cost, as well as learning how to take advantage of conversion and e-book management tools such as Calibre.  I am having a blast with this thing!

5815	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	work very well
790	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Haven't needed any more memory since getting this
Why does the lens have to be cleaned? I can't answer that since I've never seen one. In the cassette era, I bought a clumsy plug-in electrical wand with a metal probe that I had to physically touch to my recording and playback heads (on reel-to-reel players too) to demagnitize them. Apparently all that tape going through left some kind of magnetic charge behind that would foul the signal at some point. It's questionable whether the gadget I owned ever actually worked, unlike this product, which works every time.

1008	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as an upgrade for the 32gb micro SD card I'd been using in my Samsung Galaxy S3.

This camera is too cheap(I think that my  batteries heavier than the camera itself)
8683	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Although it says that the camera is not Windows certified when it is being stalled, I have no problem whatsoever. I got the latest driver from vividcommunications.com.
Obviously they were not willing to do anything at all to make good on the defective products. It would cost more for me to return the item than to just throw them out. I am finding out you are taking a big chance by not buying from a known reputable dealer. I will be spending more in the future buying OEM products but will be saving money in the long run.
4885	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	worked as it designed.
- Not as many CCNA/cisco books in epub as kindle but the list is growing fast.
8288	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought these for the convenience of the rocker focusing vs. the normal knurled knob.  On receiving them, I'm very satisfied with them overall.  The focusing works great.  A couple of very minor issues:


6423	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Could not locate these at any of our local stores, so thanks for sailing these, I still use my VCR instead of the DVD.
8541	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Well built, functional, and works. There's not much to be said about a VGA cable, I mean there aren't any blinky lights, or bells, or whatnot, it's just a cable, and it works like it should.
9128	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price, fast delivery and the item works as expected. I am satisfied with my purchase.
9662	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good
4735	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good seller would use again
492	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No complaints here. If you need an articulating mount for a mid-sized TV, you can't go wrong with this one.
5517	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works.

2165	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great bright flex light.
awesome monitor, sharp, bright and with the 2560x1600 gives plenty workspace.


2 inches or a little less: Height, with nothing plugged into it
Great card and works as spec'd, if this EVER drop below $100 GRAB IT!!!!  Also, to all the idiots that might start complaining and rating this card way down because you only got 59GB of storage...  All I have for you is *FACEPALM*  Also if you bought this not knowing if it'll work on your device or not, then rating it real low... *FACEPALM*
I didn't really care about the range, because I'm really only using them in the same room.  One thing to be aware of: the Advent instruction manual (which nobody reads) says you should plug them into the LINE OUT and not the SPEAKER OUT port.  The line out has a much stronger signal (unless you turn up the volume on the sound source).  There's also an adjustment knob you're supposed to use to get the signal strength up to the right level.  Before I did these two things, I got a lot of noise.  After I read the instructions and set up a strong signal, I had almost no noise.
8542	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this as a VGA extender, so I can use my 80" TV as a monitor for my desktop computer. It works great.

3468	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	it works like a charm

Open this, and there is the cover wrapped in black crepe paper bound by a black sticker that says "Kindle Cover." Unwrap this, and there is the cover itself with the notepads inside.
1527	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	In my opinion, this is the best e book.  I am so frustrated with the new version since they don't have sd card expansion although still prefer it over Kindle

[...]
136	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very good
611	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is a rather good tv mount. This tv mount works exactly as expected and described. I would buy again.
5811	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I have a Numark Dual CD & CDG player mixer that started to take a long time to "read" the CD...
3067	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I was a little hesitant in purchasing this item because there were a few negative reviews that concerned me, however the price was such that I was willing to take a chance.
5349	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I'm with Maulleigh "Maulleigh" (New York, NY), these things don't fit (try bending your head down while wearing them and they slip off).  Worthless.
3322	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected. What more can you ask?
6335	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought a few of these along with some 25, 50, and 100 ft cables as part of my home surveillance project a while back.
8464	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	DO NOT BUY.  My father bought a new YB400 for me for a graduation present in 1995.  I have never been able to pick up any SW station. I am in Colorado now, 100km away from the high power time stations, and I can't pick them up.  Just hear buzzing noises.  Nothing on LW either.  AM (MW) reception is poor but it does get some stations.  This was really expensive to turn out to be an FM clock radio.  The FM reception is good, the clock works fine, the light is nice.  Equivelent to a nice $20 radio for 8 times the price.
  Since the tech instructions, tell you to keep them down to under 350 feet, these cables, whether they are long or short, are in the right lengths.
2532	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This charger never worked, so it got thrown away pretty much right away. Thankfully I paid very little for it.
6862	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this allsop CD and DVD fastwipes, and cannot complain about the product for the cost and how they work, especially when picking up DVDs or CD's from the library to watch or listen to that have smudges that can break up the signal, and freeze the visual.  They do work but don't expect miracles for nicked or the surface film damaged DVD's that need to be tossed.  Recommend this product for a fast and time saving cleanup of your DVD or CD, I am definitely going to order another pack before I run out.
4340	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Can view my pictures right from my Cannon 4Ti on my big screen TV with this.  It works great, but be sure to follow Cannon's directions.  You must have the cable connected and have the TV on before turning on the camera.  It is great to look at the pictures on the big screen before downloading them so you can pick the good pictures.
1913	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Was concerned about the Nook falling off the tabs but it's all good the Oliver Cover is a sturdy little covering nothing "fancy" no extra pockets or other dohickeys just a plain jane sturdy Nook Book cover I'm very pleased . I've read other reviews with complaints about "it should have a clasp" to hold it shut, I don't find that to be an issue but I also don't carry my Nook around with me everywhere I go as I have a life so boo hoo for no clasp. Thanks and enjoy your new Nook Book Cover.
508	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was lucky that I didn't need the extensions, the holes in the square plate the extensions bolt to matched up with the TV mounting holes perfectly.  That saved some installation time.  It is a very sturdy bracket.
9867	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Official brother M-tape does the job right in the label maker.  Cheaper than all the local office stores.  Organization is priceless.
6892	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a cheap radio for background music.  All I wanted was  decent sound and to receive FM radio.  I wasn't interested in playing CDs or MP3s.  Since I do a lot of work around the homestead, I wanted it to be small and easily portable and still have decent sound.  This GE radio delivers on all counts.  I live rurally but still close enough to town that I can't comment on long-distance reception.  All I can say is that I get all the radio stations that I want to listen to, the quality of the speaker is plenty good enough for my taste and level of loudness in FM music, and I don't get any frequency drift so that I don't have to constantly fiddle with the tuning knob.  It's just a great little radio for a very decent price.  The only downside is that the FM antenna is quite flimsy and can be all-too-easily bent if you knock the radio over with the antenna extended.



6208	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used to extend my Oculus Rift VR headset.  Works just fine.
1618	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Good read. I want to see the movie! LOL. I know that Satan runs things down here on earth so I wouldn't be surprised if these cults were absolutely true. I think I'm going for the "Prohibition A" read as well. I'm always reminded of Ephesians 6:12 when I read about things of this nature.


811	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well.
4848	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product and really fast shipping
Sound quality was fine. I could head spoken voice programming just fine, and, far as I was concerned, music was enjoyable. Airline provided programming was much better than the provided headphones.

Jake is a very well-developed character. The reader can really feel his emotions coming through. I have to admit that I found it difficult to feel much sympathy for a man who abandoned his children, but sympathy did come into play for him being a widower.
- price
It's useless during vacations!  AAARRRGGGHHH!
2195	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as decribed
8919	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's very blue and does not snag even if you try.  I really like how blue it is and it also works well.
4717	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For some reason couldn't find high bias cassette tapes around town. Amazon to the rescue. No problems or complaints with this product.
If you need a compendious OSX 10.8 resource, I would recommend David Pogue's "Missing Manual." If you need to dip your head quickly and effectively into the features of Mountain Lion, I heartily recommend this book.
1558	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought one of the last one of these sold by Barnes & Noble about a month ago.  It is still working perfectly and I love it.  It has the expandable memory card, which Barnes and Noble eliminated in the later Glowlight, and which is essential to me.  It has the side buttons, which Barnes and Noble eliminated in the later Glowlight, and I appreciate those as well.

1010	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This will not work reliably in an S4.  After installing and formatting it worked ok for 2 days.  Then it began unmounting itself anytime it was read or written to, resulting in a card that doesn't work anymore.  Searching various Samsun and SanDisk boards shows neither company will fess-up to a problem.  Cannot say how good this is in anything else.  I may wind up returning this to Amazon if I cannot find any other thing it will work in... e.g. BD disk player or camera.
If it has a flaw, it's that its drivers seem too easily  overwritable by other pointing devices you may have on the same system.  Most people usually have only one pointing device, so this may be a  non-issue for you, but I've found it difficult to run a serial and a P/S 2  device, and still retain full functionality for both devices. This is  important to my needs, so I have to take a star away.
2443	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great product and fast delivery.
- Using START->Settings->Printers in Windows, access printer properties and reassign printer port to the appropriate port on the print server. Windows should see the port as PS110/..., where ... is one of the two print server ports.
5356	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as expected
Gave it five stars because it really is nice to extend the screen and use your Nook as a streaming server to your TV. Nice they made such a device.

1932	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Boy, is this ever bright, and so space saving!  I just clip it to my desk, and point it at whatever I'm doing.
Another big plus....MY BOOKMARKS DON'T FALL OUT OF THE NOOK!! Nothing is more frustrating than losing your place and going bananas trying to find it without revealing something you haven't read yet.
2569	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its nice to be able to charge two for one, compact at an awesome price, you can't go wrong with this buy!
9428	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am so glad I switched to the Brother label system (specifically the PT9500PC P-touch Label Maker for the Mac). These cartridges are just a fantastic. Not a single Jam since we left Dynmo!
1860	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It puts out a nice amount of light and it's flexible. I'll buy more, for sure.
The disc has several small brushes on it that clean the equipment's lens. It takes about one minute. There are also some additional features which I have never used.
8777	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
55	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Not going to write a long review, even thought this unit deserves one. I've driven well over 1-mil miles and done most of my own routing so I pretty know whats the fastest and shortest. Have been using a basic garmin for the past three years and with ANY Gps unit they'll ALL get you in trouble if you let them. I was really excited about this unit, due to the size and the features. Allot of great grafics and on screen info thats usefull. But the most basic item that it was lacking was the gps tracking. I gave this unit allot of leadway on its mistakes due to the fact that it had allot of cool stuff that it did, but its ability to track you and route you was not even close to what the basic garmin could due. Its like the prossesor that they installed in the TND 700 was 10 years old. Example if I needed to make a simple route change I.E. in town down to the next street due to the fact that I couldn't make the turn or the street was blocked off, it would take the TND 700 upwards of 45 seconds to a minute and a half to reroute me. Here I'm sitting at a stop light waiting for directions and waiting that long with cars on my backside didn't make me happy. This is a problem that happened evertime you had to reroute, weather it was a simple street change or a major highway change. Also from the time you turned the unit on it would take twice as long to boot itself up. At least a dozen times with in a week it put me on the wrong roads and when I made a wrong turn it got it self lost....I.E. take left on xyz street, and it was some ones drive way. Or turn left in 800 yards and the turn was less than 10 feet away. You might think in a conjested city situation I might get a little mixed up, but this is out in the country. Twice it put me under 12'6" bridges when I'm 13'6". Of course I made sure all my truck setting where they were supposed to be. I also updated the OS version,via Rand McNally. All in all I expected alot out of this unit and got a unit that should of been field tested with some people that drive allot. It just had to many route mistakes. Going back to the basic garmin. This isn't just my complaints, I have three friends that bought the same unit and have the same complaints. All of us returned the units.
=== The Good Stuff ===
2183	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These things have certainly improved from the days of the old Itty Bitty Book Light, whose screw would loosen after a few months and could not be tightened--so that the lamp part would hang like a limp . . . well, use your imagination.  This one keeps its stiffie--er, stiffness.  Light is reasonably bright, too.  Sometimes I wish it had a longer neck.  Sometimes I wish *I* had a longer neck, for that matter.  Mostly, though, I wish for younger eyes.
3234	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as I needed. Had two systems I needed this for with limited power connections. No problems with the devices these are attached to.
7451	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Actually, calling this a toy takes a little bit of the dignity away from something that is truly powerful and useful with it. I use my newly-acquired III+ so as not to get lost. It picks up the reception just  fine through the windshield of my car while the machine is on my dash. I'm  pretty impressed with the battery life too; much better than I had  originally thought. The tracking is spot-on. My only complaint (a tiny one)  is the fact that the machine appears to take a long time getting started  once you turn it on before heading out. Obviously, it's trying to acquire  as many satellites as possible, but sometimes (eg. while driving out of my  building's garage) it just gives up after a few minutes and throws you a  map of the USA, asking for a verification of where you are. So then you  have to respond (press Enter a couple of times) which isn't too great when  you're trying to maneuver out onto the street with oncoming traffic. But  anyhow, this doesn't always happen. Very flexible little gizmo, weighs  almost nothing (about a pound).
3866	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this Premium Canon HDMI cable was good for price. gave it a good rate because of the price. thanks Love it



I know Amazon doesn't print prices in their reviews, but they have the local major chain office supply stores beat hands down. The 50 foot roll was half again as much locally.
9912	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Folks,
4284	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product as advertised.
This allowed me to install and run the internet on my HDTV in a location where it would have been very difficult and ugly to run an additional phone line.
Relatively small screen size; Unit can only download 4 detailed maps at a time; Need PC to download map information; Distraction from road*
6506	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought these to use with my vcr little did i know my hdtv will not accept my on air vcr lol so now even though its a great buy...im going to use this some other time i'm glad i bought it though.

9903	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	love this and the price of it was good as well.  would definitely buy this for my labeler again. awesome

3705	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Would buy 100 if I had the money !!
6153	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Purchased this to connect a switch to a 4 port router for extra expandability. There is not much to say here other than if you are looking for a short cable to keep cords clean then look no further.
9	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I don't know about you but I would hate to have to go through high school again. All the cliques and having to worry about trying to see if you could become popular makes me shudder to even think about it. That's why I could never even think of applying for a job like Taylor. It's sad to say that I probably wouldn't last very long. What I really liked about Taylor is that even though she works in Hollywood, and has the untimely job of being a second assistant, she's not ditzy. She's really quite smart and knows about the actual movie industry even though she's not too knowledgeable about the hierarchy about moving up.  I really liked learning about scripts and background knowledge myself.  It makes the movie industry become more real when you know this stuff and not just like some magical wonderland.  Taylor is also realistic and relatable. This book does not having annoying slang thrown around by characters and there's not really that much name or label dropping.
8490	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It was exactly what I needed.
4495	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked well to clean VCR heads on multiple players (need the VCRs for work).

I also found the headset somewhat uncomfortable and difficult to put on at the moment.  I don't have a need to wear one all the time, but just for certain calls.  I often found myself fumbling to get it on.  I think I'll try an over-the-head model next.
9646	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good product and good value


8198	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	There's no way I cannot not like this bag - its leathery, its tough, it looks good and has a LOT of space for a laptop and paperwork. And I never paid a dime for the 10 that I had.
5326	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	As someone who worked for the GE Audio division back when the first Superadio was developed, I can attest to the fact that the product was seriously designed as a very high quality piece.  The engineers had their GE radio reputations on the line, and the concept of good mono vs. bad stereo obviously had market appeal.
Overall, Maxell makes a great choice when you want reliable cassette tapes to record music, the radio, people talking or anything you wish to record. I have used this brand for decades and I cannot think of any major complaints. I highly recommend Maxell normal bias 90 minute cassette tapes for you to use when you need to record something onto a tape.
8774	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as directed!
866	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as designed


3332	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Fits perfectly in my Samsung Galaxy S4 Active.  No installation or recognition issues.  The phone nicely takes over as a portable media device on long flights.  This card presently contains several movies and a huge amount of music across many genres.  The phone mates perfectly with powered headphones, making the phone + card combo a powerhouse.  Room for plenty of apps, too.  So far, it contains over 20GB of entertainment alone - more than enough to keep me busy for a few minutes...;-)  There's plenty of room left for photos and phone movies.  Couldn't be more pleased.
7580	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great surge protection, heavy duty
If others are like me, they save zillions of graphics, apps, pictures, videos, etc....and the constant warnings on my screen that I am almost out of room drive me crazy! ;)
- The NST feels really nice when you're holding it, and I really like that there are physical page turn buttons in addition to the onscreen touch turning - I use both, depending on whether I'm sitting up or lying down when I read, etc.
As with my Samsung table I found PDF viewings unsatisfactory and even maps in epubs were a disappointment.
5678	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This replaces an older one and this rated very high on reviews and I have to agree. I also used the sound portion and found my Bowes surround sound system is worth the money I spent for it. This has more brushes which I think made for a more thorough cleaning of the laser than that of the 2 brush cleaner it replaced. And I actually saw a differance because some little sparkly things I saw in one of my movies wasn't there anymore. I was begining to think my drive was going bad, now I know it was just dirty.
UPDATE 7/04/12: Still working six months later in 100+ temps.

3827	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  I lost the original and this one is perfect for my needs. Without it my camera is useless.

5935	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This shower is AMAZING!! I absolutely love it!! The spray is nice and even, It covers your whole body when standing under it and its adjustable head to turn it up down left or right! If your in the market, i highly recommend!! I received this product free for my honest review!!
I even bought another one for a personal 2" TV.  The TV and its AC adapter are in the main compartment with a small pair of headphones in the front.  I initially wanted to get this bag for my digital camera and accessories.  But with a camera, battery charger, AC adapter, and three cables, it was just too much to fit inside this bag; I got a small camcorder bag instead.
5620	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As adfvertised.
4721	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked wonder on my old tape player
1098	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	No issues here. Used this RAM to double my current capacity. Now my computer is faster and I am happy.



879	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent deal and it arrived quickly!!
1- The device look and feel is good, design is sleek and smooth.
2464	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works
nice digital buttons
I ended up reading two more of the books in the series, and am contemplating a fourth, even though they are not free.
4143	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is a generic, commodity item.  Nothing special there but it is just what it says it is.  The extra stars are for Kingston -- the company.
Unfortunately, these tapes cannot produce the same quality recording reproduction as a digitalized copy would give you. This means that if, hypothetically, you were to copy a CD-R onto another CD-R instead of a Maxell cassette tape, the quality of the sound on the CD-R copy would be sharper and clearer with less background noise than a Maxell cassette tape or any other brand of cassette tape could give you. Maxell also manufactures higher quality cassette tapes including the Maxell XL-II; but it's still not the same as a digitized CD-R recording. Moreover, cassette tapes can break if not handled with care. They can also break if used a few too many times, too. Therefore, I recommend that any important recorded material should be copied onto another blank tape and then keep that second tape in a safe place to use as a backup. These shortcomings frustrate me and therefore I will have to take off one star to make this a four star review.
Update: cigarette cord no longer works, after fuse check and change.  Disappointing quality.  Waste of money!!
7621	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	7 feet, just to warn you all, unless you know for sure that the things you're connecting are gonna be close, could be a little tight, especially if you're going around a desk or something.

Hope this helps.
Although the story takes place mostly in the `dream world', it is pointed out that Sean and Cole have physical bodies there and can be hurt or killed. However, when Sean breaks his leg, he still manages to run, jump, climb ladders, etc. I tried hard to overlook this and succeeded for the most part, thinking that perhaps his leg wasn't actually broken, just sprained or something. However, being told that Sean still limps as an adult reinforced the idea that the leg was broken.
Original review, Dec. 2011.
4305	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	this cable does work with my 5D Mark iii and my canon point and shoot...
1946	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this so I could have a bright make-up light when we travel and it is perfect.
6842	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I don't use tapes too much anymore, since the advent of DVR recorders.  I do have friends that don't have a DVR's therefore I copy things for friends. Maxell makes a good tape for this purpose.
We be givin' dis lil babe...5 mojo*z!!!
8125	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is the 2nd time I've used Belkin Cat5's, I have some shorter ones and needed to change my router placement. I've also used Belkin HDMI cables and I think Fiber optic cable as well. I've never had any problem with their cables so far and their prices are reasonable...
  I don't use mine in the shower itself, but sitting on the cabinet. Volume is very good. My recent purchase was a gift; there was no other shower radio that seemed to work as well. They were cheaper, but if they don't work, what have you gained?
6236	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great.
As describe
CONS
5518	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	thanks
4693	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you still own a VCR and need a cleaner, this works fantastically!
3944	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked well in my tablet have more room to hold more things on it
1231	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I liked the Nook Simple Touch that I purchased and the price was right, but I purchased this model by mistake. I thought it had the glow light and it didn't (my bad!). The company took it back without a problem and charged me a minimal restocking fee. Thanks for understanding!
5738	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work at all.  Couldn't get my computer to "read" the disc.  Threw it out.

8137	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cable works great. It is inexpensive and effective. I have no complaints about it. I would recommend this product to anybody.
Get yourself a Nook.  That's my advise.

5836	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Might as well save your money and buy a new cd/dvd player. I have an imac and this did not fix my problem.
However, I must have pretty big ears, and I've found that the foam cups aren't quite thick enough to adequately push the driver away from my outer ear.  After 2 or 3 hours of use my ears start to ache a bit.
I used THIS 10ft USB extension cable from Belkin: the computer said there was a problem with my USB device every time I tried to connect it
9328	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked as advertised; no issues.
 Also,  the play modes are limitted - you can single track repeat, repeat the whole  disc, or shuffle play the whole disc.  You can't program your own tracks  into the unit - I guess to some degree the fact that you can reorder tracks  on the disc makes up for this, but not really.
Fast forward...  The mount took about 20 minutes to install (too longer to locate the studs than mount it).  The TV is on the wall and works wonderfully.  Very solid mount and good articulation.
Buy the card at this price, Best Buy, WalMart, etc couldn't get near the price...
715	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	If less money had been spent on packaging and more on quality, it might be a good product.
9166	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A+++++
7556	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	First I want to say I am very happy with the talking SPIII.  It is does a pretty good job routing and if you drive off the route it will autorecalc a new route for you. I have used numerous GPS's in the past and this does a great job for driving (for biking or hiking I HIGHLY recommend the Garmin 12 Map, my favorite GPS).
1052	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent. Gives me 59.4gbs of extra storage in my Microsoft Surface. Absolutely love it. It's a little bit slow, but doesn't bug me at all. Just takes a while for it to read everything. Not a problem.
1714	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was a great book. I couldn't put it down. Can not wait for this author to release his next book. Excellent to the point writing style. I don't enjoy drawn out descriptions of every little thing. This guy doesn't do that. This book moves right along. Great story and exciting! Thanx Dale!
4186	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can i say, it's a name-brand MicroSD card. Seems legit. Does what it says on the tin. It's Class 4, so there are certainly better cards, but you get what you pay for. :)
5389	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	if you must use wired headphones, this are ok.  I get caught on everything, so it makes for a shorter life, but at least I don't have to carry the phone around..can get a lot done while talking.  I've gone through a few of them, so good thing they are reasonable in cost.
Yesterday, I received a nice leather case for it that I purchased off Ebay for a great price.  Once again, I looked to Amazon.com first, but there simply were not good options.  I got a black leather Caseen case that also came with a screen protector for twenty bucks.
2043	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	* update below -- Jan/2014
1209	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wife bought this for her elderly mother - but she couldn't quite get the hang of using it (tech challenged)... My wife has been using it instead and seems to like it pretty well... All is good :)
9944	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	It doesn't say so on this item, but this roll only has 26 feet.  That might sound like a lot, but that's 11.5 cents for 3 inch label.  That's a rip-off; that whole roll of tape couldn't have more than $2 in manufacturing costs.
8331	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have had three of these now in around 15 years.  Yes I said 15 years, or at least since they first came out.  They are the best trackball that was ever made,ever made.  They fit your hand like no other trackball out there including any that Logitech has made since.  I really hope that Logitech will make them again, because you can't beat them.  They are so expensive now that most of the time you can't find one that you can afford.  The few that are out there that are new are being sold for close to $500.  That is just unheard of.  Of course those doing that probably won't sell it or maybe they might.  Used ones are usually REALLY USED and the buttons will go out sooner or later.  But if you can find one that has the Logitech logo intact on the top and hasn't been rubbed off, then it wasn't used much because that is the first thing to go and it doesn't take long for that to go, maybe about a year or less of use. The one I have just purchased, the logo is sharp and so I know that it hasn't been used much. Even this one wasn't cheap, but it was cheap enough that I was willing to foot the bill for it because you can't beat this trackball.
3422	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed for my Ellipsis
6909	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As usual with Belkin products, this cable works great and is quality made. I got it to be able to charge my Turtle Beach XP400 headset while I am using them, since the only plug I can use that won't be in the way is behind the couch on the other side of the living room. It works great, keeping me in the game longer. Definitely a great buy. I would recommend this cable.

1889	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	The people who left good reviews obviously never came back to tell you... their new ones broke too.  They all break!  It's a defective product; either poor materials, bad construction, or bad engineering.
346	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	has been in used for two years so far, still nice
6809	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works nicely to get rid of unwanted  fingerprints and more. Keep one in my car in case a CD needs a quick wipe.
9789	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works like all p touch tape but it's not clear more frosted background. You can see the frost whatever you stick it on not like scoth tape that disappears.
2) The outlets are color coded and it includes a couple of sets of corresponding color cord stickers you can put on device cords so you know what device you are unplugging when the cords all look alike.

1241	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Here's my take on NST:  This is a very nice, but very limited reader.  I LOVE THE DISPLAY.  That's it.  A real home run?  Not quite...
The biggest problem with the Kindle (that I noticed) is that the Kindle seems to want to have the look and feel of navigating like a laptop computer in the way it presents the main menu and font size, style and book selection. The problem with this is one thing - this is NOT a computer, it's a portable book, and Barnes and Noble knows this, and made their unit feel way less like just another annoying technological gadget but instead with a "browsing bookstore" type of presentation. This is a very BIG difference between the two, and you can sense it even after just a few minutes of toying with it. And this is only talking about the OLDER Nook, I can only imagine how much more amazing of a presentation the color Nook can get with all of its full color pictures and extras.
5572	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
...
6017	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have a decent WiFi connection, but I wanted something extremely reliable for my Xbox One, since it is the streaming entertainment and gaming center of the living room.  Happy to report this cable snapped in place easily and has provided me a great connection
9433	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for labels.
4596	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great in the old 94 SUV
- built-in power adapter makes a constant humming noise that at lower volume levels can be heard within 2-3 ft form the radio; I assume this is not a problem when using batteries.
4377	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very nice looking and good quality.  Adds a little fanciness to the bedroom, without being too frilly.
3577	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good for go pro use.
4214	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The micro card works fine, however, I just did a search for a micro card for PSP and this is what I found and purchased it.  The converter was too large for PSP but I just purchased the correct size converter & used the micro memory card and all is good. So, my son now has space to download games, pics and enjoy his PSP.
1196	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	very very good value for this reader, and I am grateful for the quick exchange they made when the first unit developed a problem right away.  They immediately sent a replacement.  Immediately.
1421	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The B&N Nook is a great device. The hardware in it makes sure there is no lag or waits while watching videos, reading books, or surfing the web. The builtin apps are great, as well as the overall layout and options. The major drawback is the inability to load 3rd party apps...but roll back to firmware 1.4.0 and load all you want before upgrading. Or root it (although Amazon Instant Video will not work after rooting).
1078	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	To be honest, I did not get this from amazon. I got a better price at bestbuy with ship2store. But, just to let anyone know looking for this info, it worked on my HTC Sensation 4G. You just need to try to mount it, then follow the error to format it within the phone.
3542	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much else to say.
1317	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	All in all, this is a good product with a few annoying features.
9082	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	needed this a lot.
My desktop computers (old and new) are in my upstairs bedrooms -- where I can't use them when my family is sleeping.  They are also far away from where my family spends most of its time -- and that's downstairs by the TV's.
1408	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I'm happy, satisfied and proud of myself by selecting such a wonderful tablet like my NOOK.  Honestly it worths more than a five star rating.
8892	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	just what I needed
I've bought many Belkin products with no complaints.
6697	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Work'd great on my PC's around the house. I like it. Thank's
6204	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Not much to review here. Item was as advertised and worked without problem. The plugs have a guard over the lever which helps keep the snap tab from breaking off.
9954	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	You cant talk to others unless you are within maybe 50 yards. Bought for jeep club off road. They cant hear your transmission once 10 car lengths in front. This product truly is no good.
8227	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Skip the hype. It's incompatible with current Windows platforms (7, 8, 10). If you're using XP and Vista (maybe), yes the drive will work. Lenovo now owns Iomega and doesn't offer usable support. Don't listen to the download this and that chat. Don't waste your time or money.  If it weren't for BooksAMillion's courteous, understanding customer service, which gladly gave me a refund, I'd give it zero stars.  I was so disappointed it didn't function as indicated. Reviews that claim it functions were written more than 5-15 years ago.
* The wand could be just a little bit longer-maybe 1/4 to 1/2 inch. Also after a few months it begins to lose some of its stiffness, and will start to droop out of the way after an hour or two of reading. To be honest, I don't mind all that much, it serves as a signal to take a break. I suspect it will get worse and eventually need to be replaced.

5079	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have owned this product (yes, I still use the original one) for 10 years and it's still going strong. I purchased it at the Sony Store in Manhattan way back when and I LOVE IT! It's stood the test of time and three different countries (I move a lot). My mother loves it so much I had to buy one for her...and now am getting her a second one for her other home.
5245	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this pair of headphones to replace an pair of the same model that I bought several years ago. The first pair had a very good sound quality, especially fore the <$25 price. Nowhere near as good as high-end headphones but I didn't expect them to be. Their only problem was a very thin cable which eventually broke.
3136	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This mic works great. Only one hitch. You will have to remove it from the 8 gig I Touch to hear the playback. Otherwise, it does the job. Remember, not all mics will work on the I-Touch. Make sure they are advertised to work. We now have lots of mics...........
The quality was great and the customer service was excellent at giving me a quick refund. :0)
38	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect replacement for the last one my dog chewed up. It works perfect and even came with some cheap batteries. It arrived quickly and was double packed inside a heavily padded envelope. Will buy again if my dog gets ahold of this one!
Now for the best part - the F5D4077 was probably the easiest network device I have ever set up - EVER. They worked as soon as I plugged them in without need for configuration at all. The devices use DHCP to get an IP address from your router and they are already secured and mated with each other out of the box. Even the most novice user would be able to set these up without issue.

2481	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	only worked for one week!
9860	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this method of labeling for quite some time now and I find that it's alot neater than wriring.
9206	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Two quick negatives about this machine:
940	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	this ad cart don't work at all
The charger has a blue light when it's plugged in.  This was kind of cool at first, but the practicality was not there, because it was so bright that it distracts me from driving, especially at night.  I just wanted to find duct tape to cover it so I can concentrate on the road instead of the glaring blue light.

8404	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nice highs without that booming bass, just right for my keyboards, But volume is very quite. I have to use a headphone amp, but this because I am hard of hearing & wear two hearing aids. I like the longer cable!!
5833	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	After using it several times it would stop in the middle of a recording. It would make a squeaking sound then my VCR would just stop. When I turned it back on it would eject automatically. At first I thought that it was 1 defective tape out of the pack but they all started doing it after a while. I'm gonna but a different brand next time.
3176	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Print server works great.  Directions are horrible.  If the printer is working properly with a usb connection, step 1 will setup fine on the print server using the included disk.  For step 2 you will want to disconnect the usb cable from your computer and plug it into the print server.  Delete the printer from the computer.  There will be the original usb connection and possibly one the print server software tried to install.  Then just install as a network printer and use the IP number your set on the print server while setting up.  Use the existing print driver and you should be working fine.

7037	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I use this cable in conjunction with a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Belkin-USB-2-0-4-Port-Ultra-Mini-Hub/dp/B000Q8UAWY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Belkin USB 2.0 4-Port Ultra Mini Hub </a>&nbsp;and all my USB peripherals work (mouse, self-powered external Seagate hard drive, HP printer) as expected. Of course you can't *power* devices through an extension cable and hub so I don't connect my&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Western-Digital-My-Passport-Essential/dp/B001F9LY14/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Western Digital My Passport Essential</a>&nbsp;through it.
There  are cheaper models available from other manufacturers, but after shopping  around it appears that the TalkAbout is the most robust unit with the most  accessories available.

ice! Well Made! Seems To Be Made to Last a Long Time!
9845	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have 2 P Touch label machines and find the machines and the labels work great. I use them at work and for home use.
6836	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have a Netflix subscription and receive DVDs in the mail. There are a high number of these discs that have scratches and smudges on them. Rather than send it back because it won't play correctly I give them a quick wipe with these cloths and have had success with almost every DVD.
7733	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Black would have been a better option, it does what it does, no complaints.
2013	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed a light to illuminate laptop keys for use while driving after dark. Guess what I do for a living... The lights that are provided for this application always come up short. The old ones reached a billion degrees Celsius in about two minutes. The new LED lights that are pre-mounted in the vehicle are bulky and cast a laser beam style spotlight in the center of the keyboard, blinding you with the reflection off of G and H, and leaving you hunting for the other keys while travelling 70 mph. Neither had a long enough goose-neck to reach up and over the top of the screen, so you had to choose between blocking a portion of the screen with the head of the light or casting an eclipse across the keyboard with your hand because the head of the light was an inch over the keys. The Mighty Bright USB wasn't long enough for my needs either, but I knew that going into this. I ordered a flexible USB extension at the same time to make the Mighty Bright long enough to get up over the top of the screen and out of the way. The only place I could find one anywhere was soundprofessionals.com:  SP-USB-FLEX-2.
2116	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great little light.  The lens spreads the light very evenly, making for a pleasant reading experience.
3493	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	SanDisk is a reliable manufacturer and this memory card has functioned as advertised in my dell Venue 8.
There were some rumors that the Nook Color would feature a screen with Mirasol technology, and I was disappointed to learn that it actually had an LCD screen coated with something to reduce glare. I state at an LCD screen all day at work, and don't want to do the same while reading. Plus, I'm not sure how well the LCD screen would fare in the sun and I'm interested to hear feedback from Nook Color owners.
....
8517	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works great!
3850	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just forgo the aftermarket cables for this. The form and fit are hit-and-miss, but the Canon cable is both durable and made so that using it doesn't block off any other ports.
Now my "OLD" Laptop that was another problem, (NOT THE CARD, The Computer)...  It only accepts 32gb memory cards...  Had to use the son's (he has the newest laptop), to get it up and running with the data transferred PRIOR to installation in the phone..
3.  The arrow keys.  Until this keyboard, I  have always seen the arrangement of 3 arrow keys across the bottom (left,  down, right), with one centered above those 3 (up).  This does it  differently, there are 2 keys in the middle area (left and right) with a  key centered above (up), and below (down).
  covers anytype of damage from what I understand.

3586	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Died in 6 months. Lost all my photos.

The selection of eBooks from Barnes & Noble is excellent and even the magazines I bought are more than readable. Netflix video quality, while not High Definition, is certainly High Quality and is simply stunning with the right movie and since I am a Netflix streaming subscriber already, was 'free' to me. So far so good.
The adapters only have one Ethernet port on them, but this is easily extended with a hub or switch if you need additional ports available.
5829	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good!!
kicking in the transmitter. Still, a good headset.
I cannot recommend this book highly enough as an aid to using the Lego Mindstorms NXT 2.0 robotics system, and bringing a

719	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very solid...we mounted our flat panel in the bedroom. Like the tipping feature and love the articulating feature.
7324	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	This device has essentially been eclipsed by its own success.  Now the solution-of-choice only for older machines (more than 2 years), or for mobile professionals who want to make absolutely sure that they'll be able  to connect a ZIP drive to any PC they encounter, this most basic ZIP drive  should be avoided by most purchasers.

I'm not sure if it's intended to, but nothing lights up on the unit I have. I'm not sure if it's defective or if this is by design but it's not a huge issue for me either way. Also, the one I recieved has a clear blue front panel, not transparent like the one pictured, again, no big deal.
4648	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cleaned up my Recorders/Players Great!


9835	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I used this to label my black glasses and items , works as expected and fits what it says it fits
1233	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	this thing was a paperweight from the mint I opened it. and the customer service is just awful. it won't let you go any father unless you register the device and since it would not let me do it I could not use it. went back to the Kindle
5743	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this by mistake (The phone uses a 3x AA battery pack, and this is a 3x AAA battery pack.  Decided to keep it because I needed the phone to be operational right away, and this was very inexpensive.  For less than $5 cost, I felt that I could try this in the phone for immediate use while I waited to reorder the proper size pack.  The battery worked fine (but obviously didn't have the capacity of the 'right' one).
I think this bag is super convenient, since I can carry my extra SmartMedia cards and spare 4-AA batteries.  The size of the bag is small enough to fit in my travel bag, but yet, has a lot of storage space for all the necessities of a digital camera.
7462	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I installed these in my garage and am very pleased with the sound and clarity.  A salesman at a big box chain electronics store tried to talk me out of them, but for $30.00, you just can't beat these speakers.  They are easy to set up.  Anyone looking for an inexpensive speaker for a garage, patio or for a secondary stereo system would be very happy with them.

I purchased Allsop Cleaner and followed the instructions... It seemed to help, at first, then it wasn't too long before it was as bad as it was before... I suspect that my problem might be more mechanical than dirty....
8429	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The sound is good with these headphones and I use them to watch movies and You Tube.  My only problem is that after awhile the ear pads start to bother my ears and I have to take them off. It would be nice if there was an adjustment not only for size, but for width. It would also be nice if there was a little padding at the top. Otherwise they are good for the price and they are not big and bulky, which was why I bought them in the first place.
Got it fast without any problem would order again.
1043	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a lot of memory and super fast. Does the job for what I expected. No issues at all.
Who was it, the white queen in Alice,said: "you have to run very hard just to stay in the same place".



5152	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent item, would recommend to other shoppers.
5568	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Nothing special like every wire I used
4757	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	fine
8303	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	When you're getting a pair of 16x50 binoculars at this price-point, it would probably be harsh of me to criticize them too hard, so long as I can see through them effectively :-)
9036	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	States on the box it is for DVD and Bluray players. Nope.  Says instructions are inside. Nope.  Says instructions are on the disc. The disc does not play. Our Sony Bluray player will not even recognize it.  Don't throw your money away like I did.  Zero stars.
The only issue I have found so far is when my kid plays the Talking Ben dog app there is no sound, but that is beyond what this is supposed to do so thats not bad.
*keep in mind that, as with all modern plug converters, your primary device must be rated to use 100-250V mains power.  This adapter will NOT step-up or step-down voltage (unnecessary with modern electronics).

-The included Level is nice... well it's cheap but it works!


274	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	An enjoyable read.  Clean type with good and easy to follow instuctions.  Written on high quality paper.  Only critcism is that some of the reference pictures are so small that you can not read them.  Isn't that what this instructual book is all about?
5-Stars!
5725	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	VERY GOOD FOR THE MONEY....
If installed as per instructions, works Perfectly. I have my only Phone connection in the BASEMENT and installed the other one on 3rd Floor, but still works great with great voice Quality.(I use VOIP)

5603	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It works for what I needed it for.
9925	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Will be used primarily for backing into Motorhome spots...Sounds great for that as reception was clear and loud.
8544	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I wanted an extension cable for situations when my laptop could not be comfortably placed right next to the projection equipment hookup. This gives me 10 extra feet to achieve that. Perfect
The survivors learn that the military is involved and what they believed happened is not what happened. They are behind a military zone fenced off from the rest of the world with the savages.
9758	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great
I am very pleased with my purchase.
9962	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I received a USED unit as it had been opened. It works fine so far.
The above criticisms all pale into insignificance compared to the reception and sound quality.  Both are extremely poor.  This radio can only lock onto the strongest of stations, and even then there is a fair amount of accompanying 'hiss'.  I don't live in an area with great radio reception; however, my Boston Acoustics Receptor radio has no problem tuning into most stations.  If the Grundig scans the fm band it only finds a grand total of 3 stations.  Short wave is basically worthless on this radio (as is the AM band).
I have another similar mount where the TV back plate and the mount are separate parts. So once the back plate is installed, you slide the connecting parts together. Much easier! :-)

8188	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They work just like they should.
1979	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	easy to use .clear and compact
482	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was half the price of the TV mounts at Costco and perfectly fits a Vizio 37" TV for the spare bedroom. It will work with many different brands so in my book that is great. Strong, sturdy and robust.
2631	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	We have been using it on and off for last 6 months and it works. The only thing is that you have to look out which USB is for an IPad and which one is for IPhone. There is a difference and the markings are tinny.
1911	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my father's nook simple touch. He loses stuff all the time so I thought the red color would be good. It is actually a bit darker than the picture and looks very nice. He is pleased and I'm happy. Fits great and does the job.
Long story made short, what I originally thought was a hardware problem turned out to be dirty heads. I was getting sound but only noise on the video. This started again shortly after purchasing a second VCR to replace one doing the same thing which replaced two previously-owned, older units doing the same thing. There had to be something else. So, after checking all my connections and cables, I purchased this head cleaner. After adding the included cleaning liquid, I ran it for about 25-30 seconds. The thing plays like new; well, it was new, but I guess all these OLD tapes are depositing a LOT of residue on the heads as I run them through.
7159	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You did a great job sending this printer cable to me! I got it really fast too! thank you!
1905	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Sleek, lightweight, looks and feels like real leather. I'm very pleased with this product and would recommend it to others.
1071	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Put this card in my Rezound and it works great. After formatting it I have around 59Gb of memory, more than I need for all my music and photographs. Makes my old 32Gb Zune obsolete. Shipping took about three days too.
546	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Could not be happier, absolutely perfect.
457	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great, arrived in good time and is everything that I hoped for! Which was that it would come out from the wall far enough and swivel for a 40 in tv in the bedroom.


6163	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this cable to power an old Microsoft Sidewinder Precision Pro that I had.  I lost the Gameport to USB cable that came with the Joystick (it was one of the slightly later models that included both USB and gameport support).  The bad news is that it doesn't work out of the box.  The good news is that with a quick hack, it works fine now in Windows 10 64bit.  I took a queue from another reviewer and cut down a twist-tie, stripped the two ends, then wrapped the two ends around pins 2 and 7 on the Joystick gameport connector (leave the plastic sheathing on the twist-tie so it won't touch any of the other pins), and shoving it in to the case.  See the picture for more details on what I mean.  Unfortunately, I used a black twist-tie so it's not as easy to see.  Then, it was just a matter of plugging in this DB15-USB adapter, and voila, it now works just fine in Windows 10 64-bit.  The controller shows up as the right name "Microsoft Sidewinder Precision Pro (USB)" in the Devices and Printers menu, but the icon looks like an odd game controller.  Rest assured, though, that all of the axes work and buttons work as expected.

3230	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A+
2309	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great.
4911	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	with lots of red clay here in N.C. and lots of four footed buddies in and out of the house, we needed a good product to keep the BOSE CD player unit clean; have bought this product before; easy to use and does the trick!
8121	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	What can I say folks, its a cable. They either work or they don't. The ones I bought all work.
6001	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! 10/10
(5) Slow transition from one DVD layer to the next.
Cable management:  The mount comes with cheap plastic clips that you can guide your wires through.  However, they're loose and don't seem to help too much.  Not a big deal.
Note to the manufacturer: A version where the color rings light up and can be programmer to illuminate intermittently would be golden. For those of us who like "the light off" it would make it easier to plug and unplug stuff. Plus it would also be a nice rave accessory.
4879	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cleaned the CD player in the car and the pickup!  It works!
6815	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	There is really not much you can say about a clean wipe. The product does clean fingerprints on the DVD. I'm very satisfied with the product. If it had come with a small bottle of a cleaning solution it would be even better.
This case has a definite luxury about it. They have their top cases going for 4 times as much, but this one really fills the bill nicely; it's executive material without going over the top. Hey for 10 or 15 dollars less than the Data Vision price you can buy an all plastic one.
Cons:
1)  They're not quite as bright as I was hoping for, but that goes with cheap.
3115	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	...you must unplug the microphone unit to hear any replay/sounds.  I'll hack it in the future in order to allow sounds while it's plugged in.
Well made as it has been dropped, rolled over, stepped on and every other sort of abuse other than submersion
7770	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
1734	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Collee students should not have to buy these, we have smartphones for a reeason.
4810	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Tried several times to use product as instructed. The tape does not function. Just sits there. Pressing PLAY does not initiate the mechanism. VCR functions fine and plays actual VHS tapes so no idea why this thing doesn't work as advertised. I don't even need to clean the VCR I just wanted to do it as a precaution. Waste of $.
7144	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Wusthof is the best I have used every brand professionally and Wusthof is the best..... Henkels are very hard and I have seen them break in half they cost more and are inferior!
8627	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Don't like the quality or feel of this. Doesn't work well with my radio and ended up in a drawer.
7986	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It does what it's supposed to do...and well
7616	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works and looks great.




6887	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Super Quality till now.

7193	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say about belikin?  Belkin makes GREAT products which makes me satisfied with this cable!
The number of places to get books, especially free ones, is awesome with the Nook handling so many formats.  B&N just search 0.00 and titles and you'll get thousands of classics come up that copyright is over and they are free.  gutenberg.org is puts free classics by the tens of thousands out that you can download onto your Nook for free, google books does this and a few other sites.  Tons and Tons of books for free, I haven't read Tom Sawyer in 20+ years and am now, for free.  Just an addition to note.
Amazon. I got them (headsets) only as an after-thought. The sensitivity settings on the
3939	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works, fit for ASUS was good, length was good, no complaints.  Good Value for the money, a must have to use apps like white board on your tablet.
My biggest complaint is the RIOPort software.  There is NO SIMPLE WAY to download songs directly to the device from a folder or CD ROM.  Instead, you have to import the songs into a database and then create playlists.  If you move songs from one subdirectory to another, you have to manually edit database entries for every song that you moved--a tedious and time-consuming process.  If you re-add the songs to the database after the move, you get duplicate entries, only one of which is valid.  However, you can't tell which entry is the valid one.
111	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Merchandise was as advertised.  It is a good thing to have a spare charger & power cord.  I would purchase from the seller again.  Price was acceptable too.


6290	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is listed as being compatible with a sidewinder pro 2....IT IS NOT!
Note: I put this review on the B&N site, and they removed it for somehow violating their terms. Well, okay then.
--Ira Laefsky
8073	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this and plugged it in and have been using it without issues ever since. I'd buy this again.

One of the "bugs" I find most annoying involves the lack of response from the touchscreen. If the touchscreen has gone dark and you wish to revive it, sometimes it ignores your repeated touches and continues snoozing. It eventually responds and comes back to life, but it often feels a bit like trying to wake a dozing teenager.  You just have to keep poking it.  This makes me wonder; What is this nook's CPU doing that is so important that it has to ignore ME?  Am I, The Reader, not the top interrupt priority?  I mean, who paid for this thing anyway?  Just because I have become accustomed to this disrespectful treatment from my PC doesn't mean it is acceptable from all of my electronic devices.
There are a plethora of  other Iomega choices.  And I would really ask yourself if you are planning  on USB or SCSI - each are noticeably faster.  On the plus side, the 100MB  format is so common in print shops, university labs, and copy places that  you can't go wrong.  Plus the price of each disk is recognizably less than  the 250MB.  Seriously think about your file formats.  If you plan to do a  lot video - you'll need to go with a Jaz.  And you can get these  refurbished for about the same cost and hold 1Gig.  The only barrier to  entry is the SCSI necessity and the extra cost of disks.  Overall, the  Zip100 has been a major workhorse for me - back and forth between work and  home/Mac and PC MS98/NT.  It has performed flawlessly.
7116	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you're looking for a basic 10' USB extension cable, you've come to the right place.  Belkin's products have always been reliable, and this one is no different.
stuff that is free on Android Market cost money at the B&N app store.  I.E. Angry Birds costs 2.99 but is free from Android Market.
fully worth it.
7996	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	There is not much to say about cable it works or not this 5e cable worked for my purpose it delivers my full Broadband speed of 300mbps to my devices
4532	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	i have not seen any improvements to picture quality, or durability of machines after using this
6874	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	with this cable i can sit conferrable in my favored chair half way away from my hard drive and all other usb products and still be joined via this one great cord
822	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Its works on and off, the main cable has a sweet spot and I highly recommend an higher amp micro usb brick to power this as its needed
8758	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	snap button broke of already. you get what you paid for.....


60	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Roland Smith's account, one of life for a teenage English/American boy in Burma, is marketed as a story for youth. It is indeed an outstanding book for young readers; however, this tale is equally interesting for all ages. Just because the main character is a 14 year-old boy, that doesn't diminish the intrigue of this tale.
5362	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what it said it would do.  The length was perfect and I am happy with the purchase.
5702	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great. Worked.
7090	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Was exactly what I needed, arrived in a somewhat timely fashion and I am completely satisfied.
3)  I wish it had a rotary tuning and tone (bass/treble) knobs.  Why?  I just like them.
Pros:
1726	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It was what my teacher wanted. A waste of money.
3919	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great .
4821	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought these at my campus store when looking for a cheap replacement for these:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Coby-CVE92-Isolation-Stereo-Earphones/dp/B000FOYMKU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Coby CVE92 Isolation Stereo Earphones</a>.  First out of the box, and compared to the Cobys, they sounded AWFUL.  Tinny, the noise blended together, and generally terrible.
I originally got them because I was a long haul truck driver & the engine & wind noise was just wearing me out not to mention having to turn the radio up too loud just to hear it.
3579	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say, works as it should, best price around
2784	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Got one as a gift. Have been a VERY loyal moleskine customer. Calendars, notebooks, pens, you name it.  was excited when i got this gift, opened it and charged it. BUT THE SWITCH WOULD NOT WORK.  It will light up while the USB charging is going on.  But once the item is disengaged, it will not do anything independently.  click the power on and off is like doing it to a dead switch. nothing happens.  I wrote Moleskine to complain about this.  They told me that they have very strict quality control (REALLY!?), and that my defective piece was an isolated case.  Told me to bring the item to a retailer with a receipt or bank statement and that I would be sorted (SERIOUSLY, REALLY?)  I wrote them back that I got it as a gift, and therefore have no proof of purchase, so where will I get a replacement item?  I told them they can either send a replacement to me, OR they can keep defending their "Made in China" suppliers/manufacturers -- and let's see where they will go with that.  I have no reply since.  I feel very frustrated that this is a company that does not listen or protect their customers.  On the contrary, they are trying to protect their reputation-- when clearly this is a quality control and/or production issue that they need to address with their manufacturers in China.  EXTREMELY bad product from a company that does not care.  Let's see if they get back to me about a replacement.  I don't think they will take that step.  And I do not think I will ever buy another Moleskine product -- not just the book light but ALL Moleskine products.  Horrible.
6433	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I bought four of these things. The first set worked pretty well, so I bought a second set to use with my other computer but the second set never worked. They would keep losing the connection once they were paired. Spent about 3 hours with tech support, but she couldn't figure it out either.
5985	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I order these blank tapes every year from amazon.com and the product is excellent.
2029	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A great little light for your keyboard at night without using the room light.  Small, An on-off switch, and 2 light settings, low and high.  The usb flexible cable stays in place when bent and is long enough.  A little more in price, but you get what you pay for.
2216	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The kids use it in the car to read.  They clip them on the seat ahead of them and shine it down on their books.
7856	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	prefect! no issue, work as expected!
In response to other reviewers: The cover guy is appropriate, he looks just like what I picture Ian to look like (not so much like Connor or Sean).
2797	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This monitor is no good. It doesn't work well with my graphics card, which is a GTX 970. The card does not recognize the monitor all the time, I have to disconnect the cable and reconnect it and pray to Jesus and if I'm lucky maybe it'll work. Waste of money.
ST: Sony reader is Epub friendly. pretty much the same as the nook.
7897	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works as advertised
6625	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	You'd think all ethernet cables are the same, but after installing thousands of pre-terminated cables in my profession, you get a good intuition of what's good and what's not.  These cables are certainly well made and reliable and an important part of any network.  You won't have any issues with this one so stock up and don't worry about connectivity issues.

1501	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A little less than two years ago I got my mother a keyboard Kindle.  Her eyesight has deteriorated to the point that the black on gray background of the Kindle is not easy for her to read.  And the rocker to move the cursor is not easy for her.  Since reading the Bible is important to her, she needs a set up that allows easy access to chapters in a big, complex book.
9494	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!
1725	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Arrived in great condition and was exactly what I needed. Cheapest option I've found for the expensive i>clicker product.

Within a week, it got shipped home (excellent seller).
They're great. They really do work, and they do deliver 2.1 and 1.0 power as they say they will do. They do the job.
6478	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just wrote a review on 160 Maxell tapes (3 pack).  This 4 pack  of 120 minute is a good buy of fine quality reliable blank tapes.
8547	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Cord did not work as a VGA cord - I was unable to connect correctly to my system with this cord
9048	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My DVD player began acting up so I thought I'd give this a try.  Much to my surprise... IT WORKED BEAUTIFULLY!!
2918	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use it all the time.  Great that it comes with cables.
6375	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	These VHS tapes do the job that I wanted.  I am in my late 50's so VHS tapes are still in my collection and currently are my way of recording and watching programs that I will only want to watch once.  My grandkids continue to be intrigued with my VCR and my VHS collection.
1759	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I enjoyed this book.  Entertaining and I loved the recipes and bits of songs at the beginning of the chapters.
3407	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It installed with no problem and works as I wold expect
2551	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	the only thing missing from it is a light indicator, otherwise I have absolutely no problems with this small device
9568	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	excellent buy
6698	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	its ok
5/30/2011
2184	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great fro travelling

If you have an MM16  this is the was to go you can turn on a dime in less space then the mobility kit you can buy. and you don't have to find a place for the handle.
I also really enjoy the design and colors.  Having a quality item that also looks great it just an extra plus in my book!
5969	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This did not fix the scratches in my DVD.  Maybe it only fixes very tiny minor scratches.  Don't wast your money!  I will never buy any Maxell product again!
Over all I'm pleased with my Nook Simple Touch now that I managed to FIX IT BY MYSELF, but the companies' irresponsible policies have soured me towards them for life.
Lack of support from the aftermarket in terns of ROM availability.
 Small price differences with kindle books (average of a dollar)
 However, after the moment you find out that you have to switch on EPS function key each time you play the music, and,after you realize that the headphone doesn't meet the crisp sound quality that others do, it will be too late to return it.
3003	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	my internal dvd reader and player quit working i order this nero and it works great .It was what I needed
7431	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I strongly dislike this case and regret buying it.  It looks and feels cheap, and adds considerably to the bulk of the Palm V.  With this case on, it feels like I have my old Palm III in my pocket.  It does not close all  of the way.  It is not "aluminum", it is mostly plastic with a  kind of aluminum skin.

176	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't get great contact.


604	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The directions stink. Just remember the spacers go under the arms if you have to use them and you will be ok.
Appearance
6320	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It's hard to gush about a cable, but this was the right amount of cable for a short run, and it worked fine, and the price was good. You have to order it as an add on with something else to make the shipping work.
If I get a chance to learn how it is with others, I may come back to this.
Then the new Rio's  won't support the memory cards that you buy for this product.  And memory  is the most expensive part.  There won't even be some sort of an expansion  pack - the new Rio's will use a proprietary type of memory which means you  can't use it in your PDA or Camera - and you'll pay a lot of money for it  too.
- Tape for Indoors and Outdoors
  The price was right at Wal-Mart.

7959	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a cable.  It works.
1019	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product for the price is being sold for, also has a great customer service because my package got lost and was rerouted and they guided me through the entire process
So how do I feel about my nook; I absolutely love it! To be fair however, had I received a functioning Kindle, I would have felt the same way about it, I am certain. I think the Kindle has deficiencies with the lack of a touch/color interface and the side loading documents ability. However, that screen kills the battery as I stated.  The reason for liking the separate touch interface is that you don't want to touch your e-ink screen; I don't see how Sony's all touch interface e-reader is going to be popular when you are smudging your read screen all the time, though I must admit I would like to try one out.

5090	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	By far the best waterproof multi-band radio on the market.  I am purchasing my second radio only because after nearly several years of abuse from twin teenagers, it finally is starting to wear out.  I will not be without one in my bathroom.
At one point, Jack ponders whether or not a soul exists. Since the reader of any author of fiction may wonder how much the scribbler imbues the story's main character with his/her own traits, I'm left to speculate if Leather is pondering the existence and state of his own writer's soul as he ages. Does he perhaps think that selling it to his publisher in exchange for undreamed of wealth and power in the literary world too great a price? After all, the devil is in the contractual details.
6312	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good for short jobs, like connecting my nearby printer to my network switch, which is itself connected by a very long ethernet cable to the router down the hall in another room. Go go Belkin!
5641	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	did the job
9175	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The Rio 500 is a great MP3 player. It has all the features I wanted, pretty good battery life, and is a perfect size.
8661	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was nervous buying this camera as I had read horror stories of how people couldn't get to install this on their computers. But I was hooked to this camera's response to low light and went ahead and bought it. I made  sure I stuck to the installation sequence (software tests first, installs  drivers and then you hook up the camera on reboot) and it worked!  Not only  that this is a twain compatible device and I got it to work smoothly with  Adobe Photoshop 5.0 and Premier 5.0. This deal is worth the risk. Picture  and video quality is really good and even better than the ones that come  out of the SGI video cameras (supposedly the graphics powerhorses).

4291	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	A usefull cable.
8233	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I got 9 yes answers to my question about whether this Iomega Zip Drive works in Windows 8 before I bought it.  No one however who answered had ever actually tried it in Win 8.
I wouldn't recommend this product.
Regards,
8558	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was not the right cable i needed, so cannot give it a glowing report. Returned it and bought the right HDMI cable.
732	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this mount to use in an RV with a 32" Vizio LCD.  It seems to handle the weight fine and was a snap to install.  I especially like the mount cover that hides the bolt heads.  Before I bought this item, I read most of the reviews here.  I thought I would address some of the negatives I read and have now experienced.  One review talked about how tight the mount was to move.  There is a simple answer to that...loosen the bolts on those joints!  Others mentioned how it was a two person job to mount.  While it might take two people to figure out where to mount it, I mounted this in an RV six feet high by myself.  Just take the bolts off of the bracket with the included wrench, mount it, then put the bracket back on.  I also read that the TV was hard to put on once the mount was on the wall.  There is a top screw on the middle joint that can be removed.  Then mount the bracket to the TV.  Then put the middle section back together by simply sliding it onto the post it came off of.  I don't travel with the TV mounted in the RV so I take it off and put it on this same way and never struggle at all.  Another review talked about the mount being out of square with the TV.  This mount is endlessly adjustable and the tilt and pitch both of the TV can be adjusted.  All in all this is a solid mount with endless adjustments.  It even includes a small loop to help with cable management.  For the money, I can't believe there is something out there better.  Make sure the bolt pattern fits your TV.
1720	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works fine.
If the NetGear 10/100 hub (DS-104) is a bit too pricey for you, you might consider the Linksys EFAH05W 10/100 hub.  Though not as "nice" as NetGear equipment, the Linksys 10/100 hub is only a few dollars more than this NetGear 10 Mbps hub.
8855	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	With regards to its cost, it worth every penny you spent.
The sound is very rich with a huge range of bass and treble, which is perfect for attenuating static and whine.  The speaker is enormous and the radio features a high-quality tweeter.  The sound quality both on AC and batteries is super-powerful.
My only fault is that the bendable neck is a tad short, I find that I need to clip the light to the side of my pages to get sufficient illumination across the page without having the bright pinpoint of the led shine in my eyes.  I am also concerned a bit by the battery usage... I opted for this less expensive model though, and knew what I was ordering.
7792	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Product was as described and works great!

6792	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This product works very well. I am presently using it with my keyboard.  I have no problems with it.  I highly recommend this product.
475	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the better one's out there.  With the adapters I can't imagine any TV this would not work with.  I am actually going to buy another one.
Ding Ming, an educated but poorly-connected husband, speaks English well enough to get himself into trouble. Which is one reason why he and his wife indebted themselves $40,000 plus interest to be smuggled into the Gold Mountain of Great Britain. His bosses seem perverted but fair, offering a generous 1 dollar an hour minus expenses. If only they hadn't separated him from his wife...

8112	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Use it with my new docis 3 modem and wireless router, works like a charm, gives me great speeds. Does exactly what it's advertised to do.
8127	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this to link my cable router to my bluray player for streaming video.  Works great, seems to be a high quality cable.


I bought this Nook because it was root-able... but no longer with the latest update B&N blocks attempt to root the device.
9065	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	yes it works
6170	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	arrived timely and good tapes at reasonable price

Aside from a very few dangling participles and awkward sentences, the structure was outstanding. The dialogue was realistic and engaging. The action sequences were also very nicely done with no confusion for the reader. I could actually see the action unfolding in my mind as I read (especially those cows).
7131	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	If you have 40+ year old Paul Revere from Oneida, you'll notice a difference. Doesn't perfectly match the existing pieces (more noticeable on flatware, especially when you stack it), but you have to be looking to tell.
4967	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was the perfect fix for my VCR!!  I did have to run it through about three times before it was clean and functional, but worth the time and effort.  Liquid drops do come with it.
There is the most fabulous interactive website dedicated to Jack Nightingale here

9729	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly what I needed for my older label maker.  Works perfect.
The magic: the tape is separated from the backing in the label printer then the letters are burned with a thermal print head from the inside of the tape then it is stuck back down the backing and comes out of the machine. This is why the letters cannot be wiped off even with alcohol or other cleaners.
Is that a dead pixel I see?  Nope!  Just a piece of Styrofoam from the packaging.
1093	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These were given as Christmas gifts and they appreciated them.  They work well.
1048	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I trust SanDisk to deliver high end products which is why I don't mind spending a bit more for SanDisk products. I had issues with other brands writing to disk (when used with a phone) and I had one card fry on me. One could put blame on device for frying a card but card should be able to tolerate high temps, as does SanDisk. Highly recommended product, specifically for Samsung Galaxy S3 phones. Cheers.
1081	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A lot in a small package, what else is there to say, it is working fine so far in 2 different Sansa MP3 players, 72GB in a Clip Zip ....

8937	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Received these (2) quickly, packed well in BELKIN packaging. Snaked thes thru walls and got a tight connection with nice signal strength. I needed the 50'. Glad that I didn't go with my first assessment of 25"
7295	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you make dessert souffles (chocolate or jam-filled) these small heart shaped ramekins are just the thing to dress up your table. THey also hold cheese, dips or other small side dishes. The colors are very modern and interesting; if you know someone who has used deep brown and kiwi or aqua in their decor, this would make quite a housewarming gift. Or Valentine's day present.
9097	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price!! And awe down item!!

Excellent screen size and resolution. The audio is loud enough to be heard over road noise and the purr of my Kenworth/Cat engine. I've used it for the last 8,000 miles or so and it has only glitched once. Just restarted it and it picked up on my route right where it should have. The exit lane screen has been spot on every time and gives me plenty of time to get my rig into the appropriate lane safely. I also love the multi-stop route planning and use it a lot. Updated regularly, it has shown me all the construction zones and has a feature to allow me to detour around them. Creating Groups and storing locations in them is a breeze so I can separate warehouse from store locations, etc.
5299	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I am not going to repeat all previous reviewers on excellency of AM and FM receiving.  It's all true.  But quality of product is just horrible.  Look, I formerly lived in Ukraine and Soviet Union and to tell you the truth I haven't seen such horrible finish and quality in Soviet portable radios.  Quality or a lack of it is just appalling.  The tuning knob will fell off very soon.  There's no soft material under battery door-so battery rattle (I put some paper inside it cured rattle).  I understand this product made in China, but look you can buy Sony, Grundig, or any other quality product and they are made wonderfully in China, as a matter of fact, almost everything nowdays made in China.  It's not a question whether or not something made in China it's a matter how good it made there.  This radio is obviously was made in garage in China.  Just tell me why, but why there's no light on tuning scale, how hard it was to put simple connection to simple bulb.  GE seems not to care about quality of their product at all.  I wouldn't ever buy this product for looks.  It looks awful, but reception on AM is excellent, yes it is.
4634	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Basically hard to find product.  Have used this brand for years and no problems.
1. 'Sideloading' of applications was possible on version 1.4.0 and this let you install applications from sources other than B&N's paltry selection. So, for instance, you could install Dolphin Browser for tabbed web browsing and gesture input or Skitmail for a real email experience. Now that's all gone and you get no option to add apps that B&N don't have - which is most of them.  My guess is that for most users, sideloading would have resolved the issue of the inadequate B&N app store. had they been smart, B&N would have delayed implementing the blocking until they could dramatically increase their selection of apps.
9459	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Hard to peel the paper of the back of the tape.
So, it seems like there's some for getting it and some for not getting it. But it sure works for me. At least it has a better e-reader than the Kindle Fire.
You know Jian and Ming will cross, in ways terrifying, exciting, and absurd. Especially when they cross Black Fort, a petty gangbanger with tong ambitions and an eye for daughters and wives.
5025	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I just use it for the FM radio feature,,, Music, weather ect.  ...Sounds  real good ....  The only problem I have with it is, I keep losing the cap on the end.  In my case it doesn't hurt the quality or the sound,  but does make it look a little worse....
9228	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Had this a little over a year, great camera--have the feeling I'm still only scratching the surface of what this thing is capable of.
One nice feature I use now and then is the dictionary.  If you come across a word you are unfamiliar with you just touch it and up pops an option look it up.  I think Barnes and Noble has a winner here.
4393	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	extended my cable to the deck with this and it works great!
My recommmendation - buy it and start reading, or maybe I should say, mentally watching it today!

8041	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Snagless cables at an affordable price. Just what I needed. The connector head was solid and felt like it had a good build quality.
1314	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	It is an ereader and it does that well. the web browsing is an afterthought and a bonus in my eyes-nice in a pinch. the 3 complaints i have is that you cannot zoom a pdf which is silly, that you cannot view txt files on it, and that you can not organize your books or music. compared to the other readers on the market it is one of the best-and i bought it at B&N for $250 and it came with a $50 gift card. Great value for $200. Buy the 2 year no Q's asked warranty and buy accessories on amazon. you win :)
2145	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I honestly love this thing, before I bought this, I had the mighty bright travelers light, which was pretty good, I had that for about three years, and it sorta died on me when I dropped it in a largish puddle. So I bought this little guy, and wow is he bright, like 4x brighter then my old one.
3749	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as described. Expectations were met.


I find the reading experience with the Simple Touch great. The pearl e-ink display has great contrast, and pages turn pretty quickly. I keep the wifi off and battery life is really good. I don't think it's quite as good as BN claims (2 months reading time?) but I can go weeks without charging. I've only purchased a few books though the BN store, I mostly side-load them using Calibre, which works great.
5928	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works
8527	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great. Able to put one of my monitors far away from my computer.
8014	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I needed an additional cable for my data switch connection. I have experienced the problem with cables that do not have the anti-tangle guard on them. Belkin products have served me well in the past and these cables do not appear to be any less than expected. If you are looking for a ready made ethernet cable this one will do the job.
6670	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This faucet makes your kitchen look awesome.  It works great and the sprayer is wonderful to wash off pots and pans.
It easily managed a 47" led lcd which weighs 35lbs, and it might take the extra 10-12 lbs of a 55" led lcd if it's not pulled too far from the wall. Since it can swing out over 20" I'd be carefull about going bigger than the 35lb 47" tv that I mounted
2368	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I like that the end lights up, making it easy to locate during nighttime driving.

7883	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect
perfect for an easy upgrade
thanks so much.
951	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertised, extremely satisfied.  Had some issues with some cards that were corrupted, scandisk replaced immediately, great customer service.

814	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work!
The RCA Modem Jack is good up to 56k, which is ok since I don't have internet cable or DSL service in my area.  But I'll gladly trade-off mobility for speed any day.  Here's why.
New Harbor"
7410	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was a little hesitant to buy a minidisc player, because I already have  CD's, and portable CD players are cheaper.  However I really enjoy this  product.  First, it's much more portable than a CD player, it easily fits  in my pocket along with my wallet and keys.  The discs are tiny and easy to  take along as well, and are conveniently stored in cases, so you don't have  to worry about them scratching.  Secondly, recording features are really  cool.  The digital/optical line results in near perfect copying of CD's.  I've also used a small clip-mike to bootleg concerts (with the artist's  permission!), and as long as the sensitivity is turned all the way down, to  compensate for the loud noise, the quality is excellent.  2 1/2 hours of  mono recording is pretty cool, too.
The main character, Bridie Collins, is worn out from the bad choices she has made. One day, she's had enough of buying ingredients for cooking meth and being the maid for two slothful drug dealers, so she bides her time until they both crash from too much of a bad thing. She steals the drug money and makes her getaway, calling a hot tip line to make sure that Jonah is arrested and put safely away so he won't come after her. The drug money is stolen so her plans for getting far, far away go awry. She settles in Virginia. Bridie is not her real name, it is her mother's. Somehow, taking on the name of her mother settles her spirit and infuses her soul with a modicum of peace. She is still running away from her bad choices and not facing the music, but we realize that she has some spiritual growing to do before that can happen. It may be the middle of winter, when snow swirling around, but what a garden grows in the little family that is blessed with her.
Initially I had serious problems with the Nook, and requested a refund. The seller, BlueProton, refused to take returns or give a refund for it, and directed me to Barnes & Noble who referred me back to the seller, stating  that the seller should refund it within 14 days; at that time  I'd only had it a few days. My Amazon A to Z claim ended with Amazon siding with the seller, BlueProton because their policy stated that they would not accept returns on Nooks - something I did not see when I initially read their policy!
6459	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Of course this is a great, great buy... you don't have to pay a lot for quality VHS tapes anymore so we didn't. We got a bargain.
The Nook is a good option if all you want is a book reader.  The other functions do not seem to work well enough to be practical. The Nook might be a little expensive for what you get, but the service at the B&N store we visited twice was excellent.  One evening after dinner we visited a B&N store with Nook in tow. After my wife found a book she wanted, we took the book and the Nook to the Nook counter.  The attendant was happy to purchase the book with her Nook and download it for her.  The book cost for $24 and change, downloaded to the Nook, $12 and change. He even offered to return the book to the proper place on the shelf.  Not saying they will do this all the time, but it was a nice experience, and we saved a little money.
2190	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Love these little guys.  This is my second one.  Bought the first one YEARS ago and the on/off button finally gave out.
1012	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Who would have thought you could get 64 GB in such a tiny platform. Installed in my Galaxy S4 and works flawlessly. Excellent product.

-Touchscreen responsive
After a few days in Burma, the Japanese forces attacked their plantation, taking Nick's father as a prisoner of war, leaving Nick to stay with the rest of the Burmese who were given the choir of building an aircraft hanger for the Japanese. Nick finds a way to escape with the help of a Burmese monk of high importance. The monk's niece joined them on their escape. Once they had left the plantation without being spotted, they hitched a ride on a couple of elephants and rode them over to the prison site where Nick's dad was being held.

Mounting is a pain because the mounting bracket never comes apart from the articulation arm
There are better products out there, but not at this price point.
9712	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works

Shipper was fast & the price was not too bad...so glad I ordered this card!!! :)
After approx 2 months, the card stopped reading in the phone.  I tried other cards and they worked in the phone.  The Kingston MicroSDHC card was dead and will not even read in my laptop or desktop computer, using different SD card readers.  I can't format it, can't even read it in the Disk Management viewer, and can't do anything with the card now.  Thousands of pictures and videos are now lost and that doesn't make me happy at all.  JUNK card.
2749	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I'm updating my earlier review.  I had first gotten this keyboard cover a while back and absolutely loved it. It fit perfectly and protected the keys from dust, etc.  It was definitely easier to type with it on the keyboard, my fingers gripped better.

Back to my Nook!


Update July 31, 2013: After 5 months of being on continuously 24/7 both LEDs have gotten much dimmer. It's still working but no longer bright enough to read by. For comparison I have LED under cabinet lights in my kitchen that are still full brightness after 8 years continuously on. So it doesn't last forever. Oh well, what does? I still think this is the best laptop light I've tried and I will get another.

5218	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Some products seem to predict their own futures.  Corning Ware was introduced long before anyone even knew what a microwave oven was and it turned out to be the best cookware for the ubiquitous food zapper.
5777	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Item that arrived was opposite gender from what is pictured, both ends.  In addition, one of the pins was badly bent--something easily fixable, but not in condition to sell.

2198	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Have had for two years now and it still works like new.
5325	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great sound quality, even better reception, especially on A.M. You cannot buy a portable radio with reception this good at this price. I understand the C.Crane unit has awesome reception, but it is $... I bought two SR3's for under $...; one for home, and one for work. I use it primarily on the A.M. band for news and sports, but music on F.M. sounds great too. Don't let the lack of digital tuning scare you away, this thing picks up stations you didn't even know were there. If you happen to live in an area where reception is particularly tough, the addition of a Select-A-Tenna will improve performance. The Select-A-Tenna can be purchased from a number of different on-line retailers. Just do a search and you will find one. I've been told Terk makes a pretty good antenna too, but not having used one I can't really comment. Overall the GE Superadio 3 is a very good buy. If you're considering it, go ahead, spend the fifty bucks. You won't be disappointed.


520	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent buy! We are very pleased with this item. It performs very well. The instructions were clear. It was easy to assemble. It holds a 47" TV very well.
6713	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The cords are well constructed and the female/male connectors are well constructed.
1256	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	New Nook eReader is definitely better than Kindle.
432	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Awesome!

2457	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	does came a couple but only one works!
1229	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Haven't had it but a few weeks, but I am learning how to download from the library, etc.  love how light it is and that it will tuck away in a purse for easy reading anywhere.  No operating problems so far.  Would recommend it for home or away"
They look exactly as they do in the picture and function as well as you would think.  They are velcro and they hold very well.  I've had no problems with them yet.  I have been using them heavily (taking them off and putting them back on again) for months and haven't noticed much wear at all.  Sometimes the soft side of velcro frays and becomes useless over time but I have noticed almost none of this with the Belkin product.


6679	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have get ten of these, for the home, office, cabin and in the motor home. They work great.
Pros:
8312	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I got my Rio PMP 300 from my employer as a gift.  It was my first exposure to MP3, as up to that point I had been dismissing it as a fad.  Having the device, and about 150 CD's, I figured why not give it a shot.
8947	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Using this cable to connect my PS3 to the router, and it's working fine. I don't know my upload or download speeds, but playing movies off Netflix and playing games online has been trouble free.
(Key feature in decision to purchase the Nook) The Nook has a replaceable battery. Why wouldn't that be included in the design of the Kindle beats me. Having to ship the unit back and pay $59? I don't get it.
Now on computer, go to Control Panel/Devices And Printers/Add a printer/Add A Local Printer/Create New Port Button/Standard TCP-IP/IP Port/Type IP address 192.168.1.112 (or whatever static IP address selected in above step) Select your driver and it may say already exist. So when it asks "Do you wish to replace?  Say No To Replace

The story begins with Rye being on tour and looking for a good meal late at night after he finishes with a show. He lost his last cook and found great reviews for a local diner so he shows up to get a meal. He finds that the food is awesome and that the cook is having money problems so he offers her (Tory) a position as his tour cook for an amount of money that will really help ease some of her pressing bills. Tory doesn't listen to country so she's not really a fan of Rye's. She's not sure if she really wants to be his tour cook but takes a chance since she could really use the money and has the summer off of school anyways. Since Rye lost his last cook after some sleeping around made her get pissed and leave, Rye makes it a condition of Tory's employment that she can't sleep with anyone on tour. Tory goes along with this because she's not the sort to sleep around and doesn't really see it as a possible issue.
The background for the stories is that it is a given that vampires have been accepted as real, and overall are integrating into society.  There is very little blood lust/blood sucking going on (well, yes, from those Icky Criminals in the third story, but overall it's all very sanitary).
4680	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It works. It wasn't expensive. What more can you ask for?  Only use it for the car. And so for 15 bucks it represents the cheapest way to wire my pod.
9379	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This was just what I expected I will buy from them again.
3479	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What else is there to say?  This is a well made, functional cable and meets my requirements well, a good buy...
8324	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Bought one from Amazon and begun immediately to take shots with the included batteries. Agfa's box made me thought it was a toy instead of a real camera. Looks good and is very small (wrong measures detailed on  amazon) Beware: it lacks of an LCD screen and you WON'T be able to review  your pictures until you get to your PC. When I downloaded (very easy to  instal and download, but slooooow transfer over serial port only) my first  bunch of photos I found the quality to be TOO BAD to get printed. No way.  This camera wasn't for me. It's ok if you want to send brochures or e-mail  attachments, but don't point it on your sons at the park: IT IS NOT A TRUE  640x480 camera. It's a tweaked  320x240 I guess. No selections or settings.  Gave it to a digital-photo-novice friend and he LOVED it (his first  camera). If you want to take pictures of people this is not the camera for  you, better go spend some extra bucks, but if you want to make your first  digital steps or just take shots for e-mail or brochures it's ok. 4 stars  cosidering the price...
I also  get great sound out of a phones-to-cassette adapter, which I use to  playback MP3's in my car.  My only complaint is that the included ear-beads  are terrible, both acoustically and for the fact that they just won't stay  in!  Alternative headphones can be used, but drain the power source (1 AA  battery) rather quickly.  A solution might be NiMH high capacity  rechargables.
5444	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cheap and works as expected.
- Bookmarks...I don't see the problem??? I haven't even upgraded my firmware yet, but every time I open up a book in My Library on my Nook, it goes directly to the page I last read. And this is done whether I leave a bookmark or not. It just does it...so what's everyone complaining about? I have 10 items in My Library so far and it does this for each item, except my PDF files from work.
9405	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We use this tape for labeling hanging file folders in our home office; for labeling our tool chest; to label jars of herbs, spices and other food items we buy in bulk; etc.  I even use this tape to label bottles of homemade vanilla extract for our use and to give friends as gifts.  This is a versatile labeling tape for many uses.  The split tape is now easier to remove from the backing, BUT, as another reviewer stated, due to static cling, the bits are sometimes difficult to throw away.  Still a FIVE STAR product, though!
4676	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This device worked as advertised. The sound is a little muddy, like a cassette tape, and not as good as an AUX input, but it does the job. I hear it is light years above an RF adapter.

7218	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Thicker than plastic cloths and much nicer.
If you are looking for a good tablet with a great screen, at a good price, definitely consider this.
3250	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Arrived fast, great product
=====================================



9000	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Wish I read the reviews here more completely. This was a complete piece of trash. Like with others, the speaker would not play for more than 30 seconds at a time no matter what I did. After a while I could feel that the speaker was over heating so I left it unplugged. Sure enough it came back and played for another 30 seconds and then quit. It's going back to Amazon immediately!

7174	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Please price this Belkin USB Pro Series 2.0 cable at your local office supply store.  I did.  It is over $20.00.  Another amazing Amazon deal. We have three in use.  Stocking up on a couple of extra at $4.95 each with free shipping is a good idea.  Quality printer cables will only increase in the future.  And the hits just keep on coming.
If I could change one thing about this it would be the METAL clip. Which if your not careful can scratch anything your using, I've scratched my kindle, and majority of the books I've used with it. I order to fix this problem I wrapped the clip with electrical tape, and problem solved. If it wasn't for that little problem I'd give it 5 stars. Maybe they could change the clip to either plastic or put a rubberized covering on it. I was actually thinking about giving it a couple of coats of paint to see if that would work.
2079	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far so good. The last light was a different brand and didn't last very long. I use this in jewelry making to see the fine details and it is just fine for that job.
638	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I put this on my outdoor deck using a 32' Vizio LCD. It is strong and tilts in all directions so it is easy to turn to the right angle that you need to view it, left to right and up and down. Highly recommend.
5258	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This GE Superadio is simply the best AM radio I've ever owned. I only wish I bought one years ago.  AM stations which I received almost all static due to distance and a metal roof now come in very clear.  Yeah, its big and looks real cheap, but it works great. I keep it at work Monday through Friday and bring it home for the weekends; probably I ought to buy another one.
8210	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This product is obsolete (posting this on March 25,2011, 10-12 years after the product was released)

1989	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I had two Nikormat in the 80s and since then I have been a Nikkon customer. With this D-90 I found excellence at a very good price. Photos come out with unsurpassed quality. I recommend this machine to anyone.
Al Nance
8593	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works really well for my cats litter box!
Also it seems to give out some RF interference as it will lower my FM reception considerably when it is in use.  Unplug unit and reception increases drastically.
5436	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for tidying up all those cables.

9814	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love my brother labeler.  I label everything.  Every parts drawer and toolbox drawer.  It's somehow rewarding and creates a sense of calm to create order in one's life.
6617	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great
1) Installed the mount to the wall (easy enough)
4898	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It did nothing to fix either of my 2 vehicles CD players. Revievs I had read were positive, so In don't  know what to think.
2362	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great
5832	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Have always found Maxwell products to be satisfactory in quality and reasonable in price.
1337	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	The Nook Tablet is a solid hybrid tablet/eBook reader.  It excels at eBook reading, and has many functions as a tablet as well.  This is a minor upgrade for Nook Color owners, but a major upgrade for those going from the Nook or Kindle eInk display reader.
2157	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Very light weight so good for paperbacks and a nice even light compared to the glaring spotlight on the StoryLED I also tried.  Has good adjustability for position of the light, just wish it had an adjustable output as a little bright for me but gets the job done.
865	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this for over 6 months now, without a single issue to report.  SanDisk is one of the staple brands that offers these memory cards, and has for many years, because although they might not offer the top 1% in quality, they offer more per dollar spent on their products than the products that might outperform them.
3045	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because my laptops burner started to fail. I highly recommend this fair priced product. It works well and great and I highly recommend. This is great!

1918	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	It started out- "okay" and went down hill from there.  Ridiculous plot , but I kept hoping for more and kept reading
928	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	So far, so good. It works as expected and hasn't had issues with data loss. We haven't tested the speed specifically, but it seems fast enough for what we need.
875	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works great, cheap way to add more storage for my tablet - more movies when I travel
6223	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to do.
5823	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	AOK

2508	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	I am disappointed that the 1A didn't work with my iPad.  That's what I get for buying a cheap adapter.
2423	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	They came broken and if it works only for 1 sec
711	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This TV mount works great.  It's easy to use (position-wise)but I can't be sure how easy to install it was, as my son put it up for me (I'm nearly 80) and he didn't seem to have any trouble.  He did seem to have equipment that I wouldn't have had around the house, like a laser beam for getting it centered and level at the same time, a drill, etc. but the bolt holes were matched evenly with the bolt holes on the TV.  I really like it a lot.  Get one and if your under 70, you probably will be able to install it yourself!
1701	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The product description is 100% accurate.  What isn't mentioned is the stunning conclusion.  Tommy is unlikeable because the writer has done such a good job defining who Tommy thinks he is.  The journey he takes us on to solve the mystery of Harry shows us there is always more below the surface than we can realize. Even Tommy finds that truth.  I will be looking for more from this author.

Know the device has the Android OS is a plus. I have found my Android based cell phone is very stable and customizable.
2604	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This item works great - charges multiple items very quickly - much faster than the computer or other chargers. I highly recommend it!
Also included in the box: two 46" network cables.
7981	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good cable. It is nothing special, but does everything I need it to.
8988	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	none
-tag fell off of one, but for under 3 bucks, not that big a deal
- I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission 16 CFR part 255 "guides concerning the use of endorsements and testimonials in advertising".
5650	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love these things, in fact I use them in my backpack to manage the cables I travel with. Power adapters for tablets, phones, chargers and computers, with all that i carry a bunch of cables. so its nice to have these!
2133	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality! Shiny led light, slim and pretty. My wife love it! I recommend it for reading books on the bed.
7559	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I share a house and always wonder if something might happen. These add extra security. Locks are meant to keep honest people honest. Of course any really determined thief will get them off but at least these will slow them down and maybe make them look for any easier target.
7798	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	right price
8252	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The only problem I've had with this switch is that it will not recognize my TiVo remote. This actually seems to be more of a problem with the remote then the switch, because I bought a universal remote that supports TiVo and it recognized the codes from it no problem.
All in all, I'd say the GPS 12 is about the best value you can get for the money. If you want any noticeably advantage over this unit, you can expect to take a big step up in price.
acquaintances begindying in gruesome fashion, but not

5498	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cable was delivered promptly, product was as described.  Used it to connect a second computer to a router ... connections worked with no problems.  Connector ends appear to be sturdy  enough that I have no concerns about connecting and disconnecting this cable over time.  Considering the price, this is a good value.
7500	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This device was the second wind my old Panasonic digital camera needed. I connect the camera to the laptop with a serial cable wich makes it to slow (No USB cable), so I tried this inexpensive alternative in order to revive my old camera wich still works perfectly. I needed a way to download the pictures from the CF card to the computer. Now, I can download in seconds what usually took hours.
6650	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Tried charging bb curve 8900 both with my laptop and with a car/usb adapter.  Worked for both.. making it doubly useful.  I can charge it in the car and whenever/wherever I happen to be working.  The small size makes it very easy to carry around, with no wires to mess with.
Because of the harsh Nook reviews on the buggy software, lock-ups, and sluggish performance listed in the early releases of the Nook software, I went ahead and read the online manual to learn all the advanced features of the Nook.  I wanted to walk into B&N and just drill the dickins out of the Nook to see if it could perform; giving it no mercy. Upon walking into the store, I grabbed the first Nook reader I could find.  At first blush, the Nook had an excellent size/weight to me.  It was more rounded than the Sony and the shape fit my hands nicely. Then, I proceeded to use the color touch screen controller and work every feature.  The touch screen responded without a hitch and I found it easy to dive into every function of the Nook.  I selected various eBooks, which took about 5-15 seconds each to load up.  The page turn buttons seemed a little stiff at first, but I had been concerned that these same buttons might get accidentally pushed while holding the Nook.  That wasn't going to happen, so a little stiffness on the buttons was welcome.  The page turns seemed fast.  About two seconds at most to display the next page. The text was very clear with e-Ink at any angle. It was also easy to change the font to other sizes. One thing I found was the dictionary being slightly difficult to access. You have to scroll the feature-list down in the color touch screen first, pick the dictionary choice, and then you can go high-light a word to look up.  Of course, the scroll-list stays where you last left it, so future dictionary lookups are quicker.  I went through all the other features and found nothing surprising or limiting.  No lock-ups, no slowness, etc...  It just worked.  The firmware version was 1.4 on this Nook.  At the time of this review, I believe it is the latest version.  Everything seemed solid; software and hardware.  I bought it (WiFi only model).
5544	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	THIS BELKIN QUALITY CAT5 IS WELL WORTH THE SUPER ALMOST REDICULOUS LOW PRICE.IF YOUR WIRED AND NEED LENGTH,THIS IS THE PRODUCT FOR YOU.EAT CROW RADIO SHACK!
8965	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I am using several Belkin patch cables along with this one.  They all work as advertised, have a good design on the connectors and come with a lifetime warranty...
 We finally realized that to remove the backing you need to lift the backing horizontally and in the middle, as there is a perforation which lifts up quite easily on the back of the tape. You fold the tape in the middle and lift the backing from the center of the tape (non-printed side) lifting half way up or down and you can then remove the backing. (You are folding in half the long part of the tape.)When you fold the back side in the middle, you will see the perforation in the middle of the tape. Hope this helps with removing the backing and exposing the adhesive.

1899	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Easy to use and protects the nook. There is no magnet or anything to keep it closed, but it seems to stay shut on its own!
5438	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	worked as described, clicks tight in female input

1796	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I liked this book.  It gives you an inside look at someone famous and the hard work it takes to get there.
My love affair with this light is quickly coming to an end.  The first one I got lasted for 6 months and then the lights got dimmer and dimmer with time.
A quick visit  to the usual suspects (Best Buy, WalMart, Kmart) proved fruitless  ("Sorry, if it's not on the shelf, we're out. . .No, I don't know when  we'll have more").  In desperation, I came to Amazon.com, typed  "superadio" in the Search box and there it was in all its  "usually ships in 24 hours" glory, and for less than  the best street price.  2 UPS Second Day Air days later, it was waiting for  me at home.  I didn't unbox the radio until I was back at work the next  day.
6638	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ok
5962	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	the ones that don't come broken nor lying on the sides were ok
623	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	you can spend a ton of money on one of these, or you can buy this one.  hung a 32 inch tv with it with no problems.
882	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works
810	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Delivered in good condition and is working well.
This can also make a very good home emergency radio.  Keep it on batteries (I've easily run it more than 100 hours on a set, using it a couple of hours a day) use it for everyday listening while you get ready for work in the morning or make dinner in the evening.  When the power goes out or the alien spaceships land, turn to it to find out what's going on.
Looking at the  specifications the Diamond Rio500 seems a winner, but after some use and  field testing, I realize terrible mistakes were made. Diamond duped me with  their illegitimate "flash card," the AudioManager isn't fully baked and the  interface to the player isn't straight forward due to one button having  more than 1 function. Give this player a miss and wait for the 3rd  generation MP3 players.
They don't last forever-- about a year or two of active daily use seems about par, then they suddenly die. So do have some replacements on hand. At this price, no problem.
Pros:
2742	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If you have an old Thinkpad, I'd highly advise you purchase more than one of these skins.  I'm still able to surpass 60 words/minute easily with the skin over my old T510.  For an "A" in my Personal Typing Class you had to achieve 60 words/minute on a mechanical Royal 440 with blank keys.  I know for many, that's not very fast but those of us who can still type are spoiled today compared to what was available before an IBM Selectric was invented.
6562	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Cable works as advertised.  Delivery was on time.
263	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This book provides a good overview of the features of the MacBook, the MadBook Pro and the MacBook Air and what can be done with Snow Leopard, the latest Mac operating system.  Frankly since Macs are so intuitive, such a book is probably not needed by anyone who has worked with any other Mac computers previously and is therefore only essential for those new to the Mac platform, i.e. former Windoze users.
7502	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well made and sure to please.  I wanted a unit like this with a long plug to reach where I needed power.  This is one such unit that will please you from the moment you open it.  It is readily apparent that this unit is quality and will last a long time.

7196	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've used the RCA RC930 Wireless Modem Jacks to create a poor man's wireless network in my home.  It works!  And I love it!  I can now sit in any chair of my house, surf the web, and print (across the room) to my wireless HP 995 Bluetooth printer.
The second reader seems OK. It is less responsive now though, after the "upgrade"...Will test it with imported through Callibre books tonight, if it is still OK after firmware update.
It will pretend it is burning a CD or DVD and never finish. It will say "burn complete" but when you try to read the burned disc, with this or a different DVD drive, it says "disc not found" or "data has been corrupted."
I like it .. saves me space..
1321	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Okay, it's cool looking but there are some major drawbacks even having the newest software updates. The girlfriend and I are trying both the Kindle and the Nook.  I'm thing the Kindle is looking better in the long run.  Issue I have with the Nook are.
5008	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This piece of garbage destroyed my brand-new Magnavox ZV450MW8 combo player so that nothing works anymore. Amazon owes me a new recorder!!!
1994	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a used D300 several months ago and while I have always been a Nikon shooter I'm still learning about some of the new features of the camera. The card is a great reference when I'm shooting an forget now to set the camera, since it's very different from my old D70.
3389	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It is exactly what the doctor ordered.
2388	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A great add for any USB device. It works efficiently.
Additional warning: there are a couple of different listings for HP-200s on Amazon, and depending on the one you are looking at, the photos of the product might be deceptive in that you can't see how inflexible (and thick) the frames are, and in some cases, the photo doesn't match the product you wind up buying.
6165	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	As advertised

One of the readers frost during update and it doesn't recognize the "nook" menu button anymore...I will return it, luckily it is within the original retail return period.

This pair of replacements look the same and bear the same model number but the comparison ends there. The new ones have terrible dynamic range and sound flat and dull. the cord has been upgraded to a much heavier gauge - too heavy in my opinion as it is now so stiff that it gets in the way.
However, if you wish to have some ink on cellulose reading material to make you more comfortable as you try to figure out how to use or optimize your use of the MacBook, this is the book to get.
4979	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I used this Wet Head Cleaner and my VCR is working much better.

7064	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	When I rearranged my office I discovered the power cord from my computer monitor would no long reach my battery backup. An extension cord was needed. I have used Belkin products before and have always been satisfied so I didn't hesitate to order this online. I received it in only a few days and it worked perfectly. The plug ends fit snuggly and the picture on the monitor is as good as it was before I added the extension cord. And at a great price, too.
1993	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	pleased
6852	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are good cd cleaning wipes for cleaning fingerprints, stain, and other marks on a cd to avoid going to a dvd store to get it cleaned. Good additions for cd protections.
5986	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent condition and performance.
9549	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my label maker.  Doesn't jamb and prints clearly.
- Battery Life.  Although shorter than some e-readers (but not at ALL as short as the Nook color or any tablets you may purchase/already have) I haven't yet felt constricted or nervous that my battery will deplete midway through a book.  I would think that considering the era we're in of constantly recharging our phones (I have to recharge my Droid Incredible nearly every 8 hours after moderate usage) we would be a little more forgiving if the Nook only lasts a mere week.  I don't mind recharging it once/twice a week while I sleep... I don't think anyone should to be honest, but that's just me.
Cheers!
Ergonomic
i record hours upon hours of all types of programs and after viewing i
I wish Brother would make it easier to remove the backing on this labels.  It takes much longer than printing up and printing out the label itself.
4366	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It appears like new product. It works like a brand new! It arrived right on time. Good Job! Big Thanks!
5534	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	Well this does clean the cd but it will not remove sxratches. Be careful make sure you are cleaning the correct side. It removed sticky finger and finger prints made it very clean.
5358	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's big, it's bulky, and you can't carry it while you're roller blading, but the GE Superradio has the best AM and FM reception of just about ANY  portable radio on the market, short of a $500 Lowe. It's especially valued  for its sensitive AM reception (it's a favorite of AM broadcast band  "DXers" chasing distant stations) but the FM reception is nearly  as good. Spend some time listening to it in the evening and you'llbe amazed  how many AM stations are out there that you never suspected existed.
Most of these problems could be addressed in a later model, but until someone comes out with something even close to the SPIII, expect Garmin to keep this one as the profitable top-of-the-line.  I would probably have paid [more] for a later-and-greater version,
6833	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well made cable that I am using to extend my web cam's distance from my cpu so I can have a wider view of the room.
4038	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great price, high quality and durable.
8877	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I got the hardware my main frame at home worked like a charm Computers faster than ever good product don't know about there ease of tangled part but work fine for me.

Really, this does the trick.  I resisted crapping up my car with a trash bag for so long... but realized I was crapping up my car with wrappers and other misc trash.  This is really good.
4710	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I was ready to purchase a new CD Player because the one I had wouldn't recognize any CD/DVD's.  I read quite a few of
8187	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought 4 of these so i could connect everything around my tv to the internet. (Xbox 360, Playstation 3, DVR, and a computer)
4502	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	They are great!  My engineers love them.  They were inexpensive and the engineers really liked them.  Many people came and took them!
2583	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have bought others previously that didn't work but this one works perfectly. Quick service not much time before receiving it in the mail
7239	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	VERY NICE AND FAST SHIPPING! VERY HAPPY!!!
7933	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's an ethernet cable. Stranded copper (not solid core) which is as it should be. Nice strain relief boots. It works at full speed. There is not really much more to say. No problems at all.
5824	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great
3798	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	On many cars the electric outlets turn off after a period of time when the car is turned off. So, if you want to charge from an electric outlet you need this charger. Works well and fast.

1020	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This thing is just what I expected, it is amazing how much I can store on this thing, like my computers complete OS.

- I have not been coached or asked to provide positive feedback, nor have I received any compensation or incentive from the company for this review.

2701	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I've been really enjoying this lens for both photo and video work. The glass is exceptional and it works like a dream. I appreciated all the extra items included in the kit, as well.
6366	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Had them shipped directly to my brother on the other side of the state.  He is a little "old fashion" and still records on tape.
6923	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works just like it should. I have no complaints. Packaged nicely, not too tight. Quality feels solid and made to last.
and allows me to review a greater number of products, providing more companies, and individuals like yourself, with valuable feedback and product information. Your valuable feedback
2800	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Worked well, held my pass affixed to my window. No problems going through the easy tag gates.
In any case, this item worked as described. I think it's just the Nook is dead.
===========================
5920	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I still use VHS tapes to record programs every so often.  This saves me from paying $20 a month for a DVR.  Thanks!!!!  A+++++
4107	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Looks like good quality, but have not used. Bought for future project.
There is a powerbrick with this item (just an FYI).  Haven't had any issues with it.
Unlike some surge protectors I've had in the past, the sockets don't melt (scary, huh?) and plugs slide firmly in or out but are held with a firm grip.

The only feature I feel the Rio lacks is recording capabilities  like the Nomad. But again, no big deal.
8114	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Used the patch cord to connect my modem to a switch then from the switch to two Rokus.  Good price and fast shipment.
5026	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This player is awful.  Goes through a battery in just a few hours.  The controls are difficult to use.  I would ship it back, but since I have would have to pay return shipping, it's not worth the trouble.
Kindle advantages:
Where can I find replacement pads?
7284	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This glass is really cute.  The zero has a cute little crown on it, making it a perfect "girly" gift.

-highlight and take notes in a book easily
I emailed the company my concerns and they responded with the following email...
5555	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This worked quite well in my car CD player. Three things to remember:
2534	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	it's not working well. when my phone is connected to that it makes a noise, I'm not going to use it again as I'm not sure about the voltage and safety of it
6729	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just as described and great price.
5847	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
That's all quibble anyways. I mainly found disappointment with how the story sometimes degenerates into cardboard gun fights or chases. One major character is a student of Wing Chun martial arts, but doesn't it put to use, especially not in the climax. Also, the writing is occasionally a little obtuse on details. I can't tell whether characters are shooting revolvers or semi-auto pistols, and the plot doesn't exploit details like this anyways. I know it's a stupid little thing, but it kind of threw me off when the bad guys periodically appear with shotguns, only to announce at the end that these were double-barreled hunting weapons, not pump-action police specials.
By the way, the technical information provided by Amazon is  erroneous.  The sub has 40 watts of power, and each satellite has 20 watts,  totaling to 80 watts of pure power.  If you have the extra money, you just  have to buy these speakers.
1873	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Buying the brand-name item usually gets you a better fit, and in this case it's bulletproof. Glad I spent the extra five bucks.
4568	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described,
Finally sold it on Amazon and buying an iPad.
9871	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Was exactly what I needed for my label machine and at a fraction of the cost of what the local stores wanted.
771	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	GREAT product!!!!!!!! Fits my LG pad
*You can now lend some books from the Nook for 14 days to a friend with their new "lend me" technology. While this is in beta stages, and not ALL books are lendable. It depends on the agreement with the publisher. The other two you cannot lend at all.
I love being able to plug in my Android phone & stream things from the internet through my car stereo!
3539	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What Can I say  its a micro SD card  works great
YOU CAN'T HOTSYNC with the case on.
4751	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good
-  Pay the same price for a game as U would on an iPhone/iPad, Android Phone buying from either the Android Marketplace or Amazon App Store.
397	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	It's a great tv mount I love the fact that u can pretty much put your screen in any position u want
8366	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	First, I have to issue a warning. The large knob at the end of the cord comes off, revealing an adapter that fits right into most computers! It took me several minutes (and an SOS to the Yamaha Facebook page) to figure that out. It's pretty tight!
2626	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Wasn't expecting much out of a dual port charger for $5. Been using it for about two and a half months near my engine bay (think lots of heat, its on a motorcycle) and it has been working flawlessly. Will 100% buy again. (soon actually haha)
The arm is hard to push and pull, but that is more due to being new and stiff. Make sure you adjust the tilt angle screws as our unit came with them loose so we had to tighten them.
Nice screen, plenty of options and quite accurate. When used in your car, it tracks your speed to .1 mph, with updates given each second.  If you are a hiker or hunter or fisherman or gizmo lover, this is a nice addition. I suspect on an open lake, this would be super for locating favorite fishing spots.
3321	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!!!

Of all the cameras I looked at in the 1990s, this was the one that best suited my needs. The reasons for that follow:
9169	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works well with my Sony camcorder. Price was good for two tapes. The video images are clear and I am very happy.
5262	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I bought this radio as a garage/workshop unit for use when tinkering around.  I wanted something that had no gimmicks, that plugged into the wall, was analog tuned, so there was no power draw or batteries to worry about when it is off, and so that I know it will last me a LONG time without an LCD failure or whatnot.
I received this product for free for my fair and honest review.
7978	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	What can I say...
3921	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I have this slot in my Canon 60D which states it is for a HDMI cable that can be hooked up to a HDTV.  It is supposed to provide a sharper picture so I thought I would get one.  Canon wants $50+ for the cable - no thanks.  On Amazon I found a cable for less than $4.00 - can you believe that?  It works great.  Sorry, Canon, but I have found the price of all your accessories way out of line.
-velcro, and multi colored
In addition, you can record onto these tapes using different speeds so that the tape records two hours worth recording time, four hours worth recording time and six hours worth of recording. (You use your VCR to set this.) The best image quality will be at two hours worth of recording time but many people say they're satisfied with the image they get using the six hour recording time speed.
8753	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I was a happy S530D owner until a month ago when I began getting the dreaded "C13 00" error.  It would not recognize any DVD I put in; even brand new ones.
First, I had my local dealer connect the hardwired power cable to the back of the dash accessory plug. The connector is routed through the inside of the fairing and out near the windshield. Next, I drilled the appropriate holes for the screws and attached the Garmin Dash Mount Bracket base to the RCU shelf (I decided NOT to use the supplied Velcro). Then, I attached the RCU shelf to the motorcycle. The rest is relatively easy, attach the GPS to the Dash Mount using the supplied screw and then connect the power cable. That's it! The GPS is high enough that I don't have to take my eyes off the road very far for a quick scan and works very well... There has been much discussion on the Internet BMW Riders site ... surrounding the use of devices which may distract the rider from the mission at hand; safe riding. Those riders who do decide to use such a device should exercise extreme caution and never fixate on any instrument or control.
I have eight users on my network. I'm sysadmin. When I set the system up, I ordered eight different cable colors. If Julia's computer forgets it's networked, I can look behind it...ah ha! Her cable is green! I can trace that in no time!
The setup and climax are relatively compact; it's the trip in the middle that takes up the bulk of the story. And I think that may be the point: as they say, it's not the destination; it's the journey. Enjoy the ride.
Aside from choosing memory presets, this radio would be more perfect if it had synchronous detection where the carrier is discarded and a sideband is used for better audio.  The Sony has this and it completely removes interference form RFI sources like computers and fluorescent lamps.
7854	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	works well
And hey:
1695	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Many "mysteries" follow a formula, and you can start to predict where they're going l-o-n-g before the curtain falls. Here's the opposite--a book that keeps you guessing from beginning to end. At first, it's a memoir of life in a raucous Irish Catholic family (fascinating to a girl who grew up in a Methodist household with one sister). Then tragedy strikes, and nothing is as it seems to be. I can't say much more without risk of spoilage, aside from the fact that I read the whole book in one sitting. Hats off to Mr. Enright for weaving such an intricate and intriguing tale.

5549	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this for my other bathroom and guests have complemented it without letting them know it was new! The pressure and the settings compliment each other.
897	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	good item

Three years ago I purchased Brother ptouch PT-1950 (there is an update to this model which is even better) for about $72.00.  It is larger and heavier but you get much better results than the smaller brother PT-1180 which I bought around 2002 and replaced the cutter a couple of years ago.  The PT-1950 has USB and I recommend downloading the update drivers and free software from Brother because it lets you get more out of the tape reviewed here because you can print 3 lines instead of 2 and any font installed on your computer as well as many types of boarders.  You can even save the labels you make and open them later to reprint.  Once you go the USB route and see how nicely you can arrange your labels it is HARD to go back to the little handheld units.
This really is by far the most convenient way to deal with a digital camera if you use a laptop.
32	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works just like the rental unit supplied by the cable company.  In fact it is identical.  Just what I was looking for.
594	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	If I need to order another, this will be the one.  I used this to mount a TV to the wall in my basement and it allows me to pull the tv out from the wall and turn it towards my desk so I can watch TV while working on the PC, nearly a 90 degree angle.  My TV is only a 32" and I could see that this would work up to a 40" or so, but if you don't need to turn the TV 90 degrees, you could get by with a larger TV.


7549	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Perfect way to plug in computer and accessories so I don't have to crawl under the desk. Good weight so it stays in place but unobtrusive with a small footprint.
1924	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These are great, but they do eat AAA batteries. I use them on a pop up marketing banner. So they are one 3-4 hours at a time. Usually stay full power bright for 8 hours.
8562	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	My projector Universal port adapter was only 2 ft long. This was an excellent addition. Now my computer does not have to sit so close to the projector.
6517	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I love this thing. In my living room I had this annoying network cable running across the floor from entertainment center to the wall - I was able to dump the cable. The receiver and transmitter are both bulky - about 2x the size of a normal transformer. The power prongs are high up, so each part only takes up one outlet. You can't plug these into power strips - but can plug them into high-quality extension cords. It only has one network plug, but you can plug in a hub for more.  This is ideal for your modern entertainment or gaming center.  I have a 5 port hub attached to the adapter. This connects my BluRay player, Video/audio distribution amp, video streaming hub, HDTV and XBox.  Since I'm only using a couple of devices at a time, the 200Mbps speed is not an issue - 200Mbps is pretty darn fast.
9512	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works great, very good quality
5540	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	decent price & quality.
9597	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Well. Works exactly like the original one.  What else can I said.
They are very handy.
What I like about the Glow

8058	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	its a cat 5 cable good quality and seems to work well is kind of short though make sure you measure the run that you will be using it for before buying
8546	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This cable does what it is intended for and is reasonably priced. It allows me to display the results from my computer on my 42" television for group viewing.
1940	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Holy brightness. I know others say it's bright but really, it is very, very bright. Some nights, honestly, it does turn me off from using because if I have a headache, it makes it worse by making the white pages so bright.
The positive surprise was that I discovered the Nook has a nifty voice-command capability.
8734	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I posted a review of this camera a few weeks ago, shortly after purchasing it.  I gave it 4 stars, mainly because the manual wasn't well written.  However, that still being the case, I must say that this camera deserves 5 stars!  It takes amazingly clear, bright pictures.  The video display LCD  is bright.  And it seemed to take forever for the rechargable batteries to  run down! I highly recommend this camera!  If it had an optical zoom, it  would be perfect.  However, with this camera, you get more than you pay for!
8437	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Let's me use my radio, when I'm paddling.
-There is no Windows XP support with the included software. It will work with XP using 3rd party software, which, consequently, is better than the included software...
Arrived got the "made in japan" ver which I wanted to use with my M3 DS Real.
9229	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	This is great camera with many features. You can take the pictures in many conditions. The flashlight is good enough for Indoor shooting. You can use the A-REC mode for automatic shooting & M-REC mode for manual Shooting. You will have a great photos just using A-REC mode. Just switch on the bottom & ready to take photos. If you want more professional photos use M-REC mode. You can adjust for the manual shutter speed or manual aperture. In this feature you customize your photos even you can bright your object at the poor light. The 2.11 mega pixels is good enough for viewing in the web, sending though E-mail & print in A4 paper. The worst think that I know is a battery live. This camera it's so hungry with power, that I thought same with the others digicam. For your convenient use a 3 set of NIMH batteries, which can take 30 to 40 pictures each set in normal used. You can save your battery live with minimize using LCD monitor to framing the object.
3405	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works with my dell venue 8 and also works with my p.c and a windows cell phone. Its pretty fast and there is no transferring errors like I have encountered on previous Micro Sd cards. Value for the money 10 +, delivery 10 +
I have no idea why some people report low-light problem or color problems but this camera is the best that I've used in term of clarity and low-light capability.  I think once you figure out how to set this camera up, you'd enjoy this camera.
There is the inconvenience of tying up outlet sockets directly, and for some of us with a jillion little devices around our computers, that could be a problem, and is also one of the reasons why I don't recommend this type of network hardware except as a last resort. However, that type of practical concern isn't fair as far as the overall rating of the product. It performs as promised, and can get the job done quickly and conveniently in circumstances that might otherwise be difficult or impossible. I recommend it in those circumstances.
1800	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	For a family that didn't get along for a period of time they sure are lovey dovey and hugging all the time.  Especially since they were raised by an extremely cold-hearted mother.  I did enjoy the story line, looking over the suddenly close aspect.
6838	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Excellent item! This is really an amazing item that anybody could buy for their very own personal time and pleasure.
7704	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as expected.
3978	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	the best
-get the Opera browser (supports Flash!)
3434	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good disk. Is what was advertised.
5130	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	glad i got them before they were gone
  As far as entertainment products go, this radio is the opposite end of the spectrum from the iPod "Nano".
Mike
9706	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described
This account has outstanding character development, scene description, and intrigue. Highly recommended for all ages, 10-90! Elephant Run
3053	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this unit to be able to load convention programs onto my tablet computer. Loaded the software and drivers and connected the unit through the tablets USB port. It worked just fine. Have not used it to burn a CD, but I am sure it will work okay. The price was right, if it doesn't work.
After using the TalkAbout 250 for several months now I am very  happy with it. When I purchased my TalkAbout, I also purchased the  "Motorola 50225 TalkAbout Remote Speaker Microphone".  This  remote speaker microphone works on the TalkAbout 250, but not on the  TalkAbout 280. I was originally going to get the 280, but there was not yet  a remote speaker microphone available.
. im a supervisor at the chattanooga plant and we sell junk ....got it now class ???????
and arrived quickly. Very pleased
1) Awesome (I would even say unsurpassed) sound quality to cost ratio

2112	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This nice light works very well on all of my books and even on my Kindle.  It is easy to position and makes reading at night a breeze.


7898	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	For a bit more than three bucks, this is easier than splicing your own wires, a well worth it add on item. It has been working well
4137	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Ran to projector when values didn't cut it.  Best choice I made.  Works great.
Calendar and To-Dos.  There are no built-in apps for either of these, which seems unthinkable.  Even a basic smartphone has these.  You can download free ones from the B&N app store.  Verdict: FAIL
2203	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This clips right on the headboard of my sons bunk bed. It was so dark on the bottom bunk we needed something so he could read his books at night. Issue resolved!
For starters - the box says that it's firmware is upgradeable to  support higher memory capacity at a later time.  Then after we'd already  bought it - they said they wouldn't upgrade the firmware past 32MB cards.  A huge uproar came about from all the owners since other companies were  supporting the 64MB cards.  Finally they relented.
1631	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I bought this book because the premise caught my interest. The writing is good but could have benefited from an editor tightening the action. I liked the main character and the prose flowed well.
4310	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	The phone recognizes this data cable charger as a not standard one! I think the used materials in it are low quality ones too
3510	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	I am so pissed off. I purchased this memory card for my phone to find out that it don't work. I tried it on 3 different phones and it's not readable. I'm returning this item. So disappointed, such a waist of money.
7656	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	I took this hub out of the box, plugged it in, connected it to our internal network and my two PC's about two months ago, and it has worked  flawlessly ever since.  All without reading the manual!  This hub is  perfect for me because I occasionally attach a legacy 10Mbps device and  don't need more than three ports (other than to link to our existing  network).
To reiterate some of the other reviewers' point: This is an EXTENSION cable, akin to an extension cord. Unlike an extension cord, however, length matters. Be sure you've chosen the proper footage for your application.
7391	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Good standard tape for everyday use... I use them to record meetings.
5525	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	The cable is of good quality and had worked without problem.  The terminations are easy to plug in and remove.  There have been no performance issues with this cable.

However, I previously was using a very small pinhole-light book lamp that used these round hard-to-find batteries and I had to move it constantly to see the pages of my books, so it was only really useful with my Kindle. This one is perfect since it stays in one place and covers even my larger books. I can also easily replace the batteries, of which I am a fan. I still love it, but really, I wish it had an even softer setting than it's lowest. That would make it perfect.
7555	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	...The SPIII seems to be the best available portable car navigation system.  It autoroutes, the maps seem accurate, and the talking directions are comforting.  I've been using mine for about a month.  It will take you to the nearest McDonald's easily.  The menu system works well with the right thumb once you get used to it.
I was so excited, I purchased a book while in the store and sat down and began to read. Since my card info is already stored, buying was a breeze! I just clicked purchase and confirmed, nothing else. My book was available almost immediately.


6171	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed to keep battery in Bluetooth speaker charged.
Justified has great characterization, terrific new actors, good story lines, witty dialogue, and gritty action.  Production values are very good.

So far this is the only mainstream reader to offer a LCD screen of any kind. The Coverflow-like book cover listing is beautiful, elegant, and functional. With the newest update it is uber fast, intuitive, and responsive. Page turns are super easy with the touchscreen, all you have to do is swipe the screen with one finger when it's in standby mode and the page turns.  In addition, it's easier for me to navigate books via the LCD than textually. Seeing the cover is a really nice feature, since books are designed to pique your interest by the cover. It just seems like a good cover sells a book, and seeing that cover in crisp LCD sells me from time to time.
9402	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Still using my old supply but very happy to have this one waiting.
Later, I bought one from B&N, and it had the same problem. Again, B&N Customer Service was NO HELP, but did send a replacement. The replacement has the SAME PROBLEM and will NOT CONNECT to WiFi. Now, I'm arguing with B&N for a full refund.
4868	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	We used this to clean our car's CD player, and it no longer skips or has reading errors.  Worth the buy to clean your CD player's lens.  Give this a try before you get rid of that CD player!

535	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great value for a wall mount arm,  lots of options and works well,  comes with a wide variety of hardware to mount in any situation

3355	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Very good
What I liked about Sony:  longer battery life (15 hr instead of 6 hr); there's a stand on which you can hang your headphones; there's an auto on-off feature that saves battery life.
I purchased this for a small netbook running Windows 8.  It has worked fine so far.  It reads, writes and plays DVDs exactly as I would expect and I have had no glitches while using it.

8767	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	...There are quite afew out there that are more bulky looking. This particular one is more compact. Its features include: an earbud with a mic and PTT (push-to-talk). THe cord is a bit short; however, with my height (5,6), it stands to be just right. I was told that an extension can be pick up at a local Radio Shack.
5219	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I have several Superadio's, both II's and III's.  I'm not particularly wild about their redesign of the III's case (the II had a tremendous generic radio look to it), but the reception and audio quality is about the  same. As other reviewers have noted, the dial accuracy is poor, so you have  to "learn" each Superadio's setting, but once you learn where  stations are, they stay put.

8238	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	I purchased a zip to keep from loosing files...if system crashed...not realizing the zip would stop working first. Found a refurbished more updated with usb and I am in heaven.  Now I can travel with it....
7448	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	While the hard case has protected my palm from a couple of falls onto hard pavement, it obviously wasn't designed by the same folks who designed the cradle. Moreover it has a fundamental design flaw that I find extremely frustrating: you can only put the palm in one way -- so that it opens in typical book fashion. In other words, the slider on the hard case will only go into the slot on the left edge of the palm. This is caused by two features of the front face: it is slightly deeper, and it has milled areas for the buttons. How hard would it have been to make the case symmetric so you could mount the palm the other way?
7766	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	great for the add on price
9822	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	black print on white backing tape. easy to install and prints great labels... no faulty letters, everything comes out printed properly.
Reception is horrible. Tuning a station I wanted meant turning the radio ever so slightly, propping it with a wash cloth, moving the antennae and then stepping back 10 feet. If I touched it, the reception gets scrambled and I had to start over again. It was worse than the $10 radio I was trying to replace which didn't even have an external antennae to deal with.
There is one design enhancement that I would have put into this device: When using the UK converter, they could have made the bottom of the device a 2nd 110 outlet so that you would have 2 110 outlets (the regular one on the back and one on the bottom using the Euro converter) as well as the USB outlet.  Of course this may be over the amperage that one plug should carry, but it's a thought for the designers.
I like the feel of the Allsop cleaning disc (with its TOUCH HERE for grounding and presumably static discharge) and -- more importantly -- the special CD case (with extra room for the brushes) it resides in (which will have to take repeated use) seems well built.
9439	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	like
Maxell has always been an excellent brand, and I don't think I have every used any cassette other than Maxell. These are quiet tapes and don't produce any noise.
2614	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Works fine but the cool factor of that blue light wears off quickly.  In the dark it's kinda bright.  It works just fine though.  As I have said before most of the problems I have ever had have more to do with the cable than the charger unit itself.
This product is really just awful in comparison.  Annoying to say b/c I was unhappy with Amazon in relation to what happened to my Kindle.
3269	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	used in tablet and works great
48	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	Works great when I tape up  the plug to the port. I see why this was for sale.  Other than that it works fine.
I purchased it to mount a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/LG-26LE5300-26-Inch-720p-60Hz-LED-LCD-HDTV/dp/B0039S7L1G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">LG 26LE5300 26-Inch 720p 60Hz LED LCD HDTV</a>&nbsp;in our kitchen.
6196	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Great Quality.
7509	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	a++++++
3366	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Perfect for travel
7935	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	works, cable heavy
-It has a touch screen
5882	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	its cable
4906	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	best vcr head cleaners
2121	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Its adorable and works really well. Shipping was fast. It is bright enough to see my whole book. No issues here. Would recommend to anyone. I use it every night when reading and it doesn't hurt my eyes.
7932	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	ok
3995	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Wished it was about 5 feet longer, but works ok.  starting to stretch the limit of the HDMI signal strength.
4527	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	thanks
7187	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	This is the 5th wireless phone jack I have purchased.  It worked for maybe 2 months then died.  Tried to reset but it would not connect. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
6360	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	These Belkin Extension Cables work perfect & Shipped immediately as promised.
5692	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Around $3 is a steal for an ethernet cable, as my local electronics store sells these for about $15.  It seems to be great quality and haven't had any issues with it.

7170	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This works great. It's hard to believe that these aren't being produced anymore.
The first issue is that the screws supplied to attach the bracket to the tv are too few and two short. The screws are only 12mm long, and would barely catch in the threads of the TV if they weren't recessed at all. Most mounting threads on lcds and plasmas are partially recessed. I stopped by my local Lowes and picked up two packs of similar screws (M4-70 or something to that affect). $0.80 a packet so not much of an expenditure, just a big hassle. I needed 20mm long screws to mount this to the tv, so a pretty fair difference over what was supplied. The manufacturer supplies several different thread and gauge options, but only one shallow length of each set.
My Experience:
3646	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Works as described!

5247	Electronics_5	NEG	2.0	OK sound, very little sound cancelling.
8568	Electronics_5	POS	4.0	Cable is great but I under estimated the length that I needed. I should have gotten the 20 footer. Measure twice, order once.
Get this and you'll be the envy of all those people who still use cassette tapes and bulky CD-Players. Besides, it's so cool!
582	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	This mount is easy to install and very sturdy and is very functional and very affordable for the price. A+
T~
4376	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	A must have if you have those special size batteries for the flashlights.
When I first started using this keyboard it was on my computer at work.  For about the first 3 or 4 days, I had trouble with the arrow keys, and the 6 keys above the arrows (home, end, delete, page up, page down, and  insert).  The problem is that they are arranged different than any keyboard  that I have used before.  Once I was used to using this keyboard, I had a  difficult time using my keyboard at home.  Shortly thereafter I replaced my  home keyboard with this one.
8085	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Has a nice locking clip to computer so that it doesn't become disconnected until you're ready to unplug. As a replacement it is working flawlessly. I unplug after each session and this replaces an original one. Looking like it will last a long time
-- You can fold back the entire thing so it's flat.
256	Electronics_5	POS	5.0	Mary Bridget Washburn is tired of the direction that her life has taken. Caught up in a life of crime and drugs, she has abandoned her Christian roots, and is desperately seeking a way out. She runs away and tries to start a new life, but her past is only one step behind her. Meanwhile, the home of Rev. Alasdair MacPherson, a widower and father to Samantha and twin infants, is haunted by his wife's death...his life is in shambles and he knows no way to fix it. As this unlikely pair cross paths and discover the plans God has laid out for them, will Mary and Alasdair find peace in the Father, and healing through eachother?
If you can afford something better, do that
7320	Electronics_5	NEG	1.0	this thing is now just a blue brick in the corner of my room. i tried to download the driver from a website but no such website exists. i could download it from the from pirate bay, but that's illegal and unsafe. so i have all these pictures of dear family members (some of them are dead), and i can't retrieve them!
articulating arm
