
* Large "Tooth-Paste" Size
COLORS
4966	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Delivered as promised, new-in-box. This is a fairly non-irritating exfoliant; my skin is very sensitive and I use it only every other day. I can't imagine using it twice daily unless your skin is extremely oily. If you use the pads that go along with this (and I do) get them from Nordstrom; you can get double the amount for the same price you would pay anywhere else. Otherwise the prices here for Somme products are the best. I've ordered the serum and the cleanser but so far they have not arrived.
7188	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Although I hated Oscar Blandi's Lacca hairspray, I happen to really like this dry shampoo powder.  I find spray dry shampoo to be very messy and the white residue always leaves a grayish cast even on my dark blond hair.  However, I try to wash my color treated hair as little as possible and I can usually get away with two days without using anything but on the 3rd day, dry shampoo comes in very handy.  I very much prefer this form of dry shampoo.  I sprinkle the powder on the roots every 1/2 inch or so from ear to ear and a little bit in the back.  I wait about 20 minutes while I do my makeup, making sure I work the powder into the roots as if it were regular shampoo.  After waiting the required minutes, I brush out whatever residue remains with a 100% boar bristle brush (plastic bristles do not work for this maneuver).  Most of the residue disappears as the oil is absorbed so this dry shampoo doesn't leave a grayish cast at all.  It has a very subtle scent (that dissipates quickly however) and also adds some nice volume that lasts all day and can be easily reinflated with a fluff of the fingers.  It definitely makes my hair feel cleaner and when I use it, I can wear my hair down an extra day.  This powder also washes out easily, leaving no residue whatsoever.  Yes, this product is rather expensive.  I get the 2.5 ounce size and it does last for a couple of months, even though I use it a couple of times a week.  It takes very little powder to do the job so the small size is somewhat deceptive. Amazon has the 1 ounce size of Pronto, which is like a trial or travel size and if you're looking for a really good dry shampoo product, I urge you to give it a try.
2147	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product if you use enough of it to get a good lather.

But I'm not sure that I want to walk around smelling like laundry.  It's a nice fragrance.  But personally I'd rather smell like a spring garden than fresh laundry.


6882	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So, I love this because it dries up the blemish without drying the surrounding skin. I find benzoyl peroxide to damaging to my skin, this is the perfect solution!!

8779	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	such a great conditioner. I love it. it smells fantastic, leaves my hair really conditioned with no build up. great detangler as well. doesn't weigh hair down. this is a staple for me. love it.
3521	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Arrived leaky and too coagulated to use. Such a waste of money.
Although the label says "mojito flavor", fortunately I could not detect a flavor at all. I don't like flavored lip balms.
9094	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had this in a 2" barrel, but my old one broke so I downsized and I'm missing my larger iron for my thick hair - this one does the job, and as always I love hot tools, but wished I had replaced my 2" iron. Otherwise, no complaints - like the replacement springs and the swivel cord. HT makes great irons!

7249	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is recommend by doctors... Great cover and ingredients are wonderful.
When I inhaled this perfume's sweet, creamy, soft scent it was true love at first sniff! There is something exotic and just so pretty about it. It is definitely a perfect scent for all seasons. My husband to be also loves Juicy cologne and wears Dirty English by Juicy for Men. I love the way my Juicy Couture and his Dirty English cologne smell together. I think those 2 Juicy fragrances were created to compliment one another. I think any woman could appreciate this perfume. It is just so universally pleasing to everyone and fit for all ages.

7412	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this in combination with Baxter's toner and regular moisturizer. I think this night cream may be my favorite of the bunch. It has a really nice consistency and goes on very easily and very well. I've been using it about three weeks now and have definitely noticed an improvement. It appears that this will be able to last a few months while applying nightly, so there's a decent value per use with it. Overall, I'm very pleased with this product.
8436	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This cleanser is pretty darn awesome - don't let the odd look and the seaweed deter you.
7600	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So far I like it.  I don't see a dramatic difference yet though, and I wish it were not so expensive.
2538	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The product works really well so far - noticed my razor burn and bumps have improved.  I put it on right after shaving and then use the jack black daily moisturizer a little bit afterwards.  The only thing I don't like about the gel is that it is a little bit thick and feels somewhat sticky on both my hands and face for a bit after application.
5879	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Got tons of compliments on this polish.  I wear it on my toes and the 2 coats that I used has held up for 2 weeks beautifully.  I also paired with Butter base coat and top coat.  I've had multiple people comment that they think the color should be called, robin's egg blue:)


502	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent cover cream that is easy to apply and works great. It blends in with your skin and looks very natural.
7698	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it , fast ship
Mineral powder makeup is different, it's smoother and softer in my opinion.  I was pretty happy with the color and the way it went on my face.  I might be tempted to purchase it, depending on what their email teaches me!
It is so nice to wear tights, stockings, or nylons during the Winter to have confidence that leg imperfections will not be seen with dresses, and on ankles under pants above boots.  However, during cooler months especially, it is very nice to see perfect body skin peeking out of your clothing.  Not only does this product render a flawless airbrushed look, it is actually very resistant to liquid or rubbing off onto hands or clothing.  I absolutely loved the look when I put it on; and then darn, I was noticing in the light that my shade was a bit peachier than my actual sallow skin.  This might not be problematic for you with full-body applications, as for me on an occasional basis as desired; yet finding your closest match will save you a lot of bother, and will please you I believe.  As I have expressed that this product renders a nice, airbrushed look, and I believe even because of the staying power alone this Dermablend Pro product is worth looking into.  It just didn't muss up and rub off.
8792	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very hydrating serum. It's gel like so it's enough for my skin before I apply sunscreen. Good ingredients and a little goes long way.
2970	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used quite a range of face washes from drug store brands to specialty products and what always sticks out about this product from Bliss is the smell.  It smells invigorating and fresh and is a nice treat first thing in the morning.  It also makes my skin feel great.  For context, my skin is dry, sensitive and acne prone. I find that this works well with my skin type.  The exfoliation is the perfect compromise of being effective enough to slough off dry and dead skin, yet gentle enough that I can use it regularly without aggravating my skin.  I also like that it washes off clean leaving no residue or skin tightness behind.


7364	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Feels like antiseptic lotion. Not hip on it. Won't buy again. However it's a large tube

To get the right color, you might want to go to a store and get find out your shade.
Here is a list of the ingredients:
7566	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like to keep things simple, but maybe a little complexity is warranted when it comes to moisturizers.  For the past ten years Ive been using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Olivella-All-Natural-Virgin-Olive-Oil-Moisturizer-From-Italy-50ml-1-69-Fluid-Ounces/dp/B000EGMHKQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Olivella All Natural Virgin Olive Oil Moisturizer From Italy (50ml) 1.69 Fluid Ounces</a>.  I like the way it works on mature skin and the ingredient list is all natural (primarily olive oil and Vitamin E).  It seemed like the perfect moisturizer.

7704	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells clean, works nicely at night.  Good product.  A facial therapist introduced me to this line of skin care.  They know best, right?
My only quibble, and this may just be my sensitive nose, is that it has an awful lot of smell to it that lasts for a good two hours after application. It's not really a bad or annoying smell, just a lot of it. I'd say a floral, you smelled it before kind of fragrance. But all in all, a decent face cream for those who don't have a particular problem with their skin.

9674	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff. It is thick and smells great. I love to use this on my my dry legs in the winter.

6811	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Exceptionally good product.  Have used this off and on for many years.  If you have a zit this will take care of it overnight.  Doesn't dry out the area that you put it on or make the skin irritated as other products.  I recommend this highly to everyone.  You will be thrilled with the outcome.
You can adjust the heat settings manually to your preference, as well as that it heats up to 450 degrees.

1482	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the shade Stevie pixidust and wow! The picture of it is gorgeous but it does not do it justice. It's so much prettier in reality!


6036	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great mask for 30+ skin.  It moisturizes your skin from within and makes the surface more toned and even.

7081	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
3026	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	unfortunately this product clogs my skin and breaks me out, im guessing its the squalane because i am fine with glycerine. its also not very moisturizing, and it kind of burns sometimes going on, not to mention makes my face turn reddish and shiny. the redness dissipates but the shine factor does not go away especially on the forehead, so i would only use this at night. but anyway i will probably have to give this away as i feel its too expensive and too small of an amount to waste as a hand cream or something haha.
4832	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a natural dark strawberry blond with highlights and very thin hair which gets oily and dirty very quickly on second day. This dry powder shampoo is a miracle worker.  Do not think that Batiste or anything else will work, sprays do not work, only powders.
Overall, the products are nice, high quality, the packaging is attractive (albeit annoying to open), and the fact that they are all natural and organic is fantastic because no new mom can fault you for your selection.
I had a difficult time opening this the first time.  My son was able to get it open after a couple tries.  The lid has an airlock seal, which is to keep this fresh and moist, however, if someone has arthritis this would be a real issue.  This compact needs improvement to justify the cost.

Puret&eacute; Thermale 3-in-1 is a cleansing milk, toner and eye-makeup remover all in one.  It's easy to use - simply massage onto the face and eye area and rinse or wipe with a cotton pad.  The product contains cleansing oils and a shea butter extract.  Like all Vichy products, it contains their mineral-rich volcanic water.  I prefer to rinse versus wipe off.
7616	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good skin care.

4624	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Compared to the Juice Beauty Nutrient Moisturizer, this is worth the higher price. Both have the same delightfully subtle lemon scent, but this one is much more hydrating.


3432	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A bright, yet deep hue...very "royal"...has a great shine.
844	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	very moisturizing .
8201	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This top coat is incredibly durable!  Just one coat has protected my nails from all kinds of abuse.  I have a big dog, garden, and cook, and so am very active with my hands.  This top layer wasn't even scratched after digging in the dirt to do some planting.  I'm mighty impressed and would recommend this to anyone.

- Helps moisturizer soak in faster
7454	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive skin so this really helps with razor burn
1649	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This review is for "Ki," a purple/green duochrome.
6215	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This doesn't work as well as TNS Essential Serum or Recovery Complex for getting rid of wrinkles, but pretty close. It smooths wrinkles out a bit and gives your face UV protection at the same time along with adding the same color tone to your whole face. I used to use TNS essential serum, TNS Recovery Complex, TNS Dermal Repai, and TNS Retinol. It was to much time. Now I just use this and almost get very close to the same great result in a fraction of the time. I've repurchased it several times and will continue to.


Update:  I had to stop using this product.  I began to get painful styes on my eyelids.  As soon as one stye would go away, another would appear.  I've never had this issue in my life, and the only thing I could think of was that the oily nature of this remover was causing the blockages leading to styes.  Even though I always followed up use of this product with a good face washing, I suspect the eye makeup remover was the cause of the styes.  I stopped using this several months ago and haven't had a stye since.  It doesn't seem like this is an issue for anyone else in reading the reviews, so I am not changing my rating -- just sharing the experience I had when using this product.

1109	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have extremely oily skin. Even in the winter, I tend to shine. In the summer, it's even worse since I live in a place that rains a lot and has high humidity. Overall, this powder does a good job at keeping the shine away. It has a silky, lovely texture and matched my skin beautifully. However, 16 hours is pushing it. I went to a concert last night that was full of people and the end of 4 hours, I was a little shiny. It wasn't as bad as usual but I would recommend taking this with you if you want to be matte all day or night. However, this is still a great powder and such an upgrade from my usual $9 drugstore brand.



2406	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	L'Occitane has wonderful products.  Love the scene of this one.

5739	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works fast and really covers the thin spots.  Just be sure you pat it in and give it a spray with the holding spray. Otherwise it might flake off.  Washes off easily.
If you are looking for the tight/burning feeling that some cleansers leave you with (which isn't good for your skin!) this isn't your kind of cleanser.
7871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have some scaring on the top of my head due to skin lupus. This has solved my problem. It is easy to apply and no mess. Took it with me today when I got my hair trimmed and my stylist was very impressed. I would highly recommend.

Lately, I've forgone nail polish on my fingers (laziness), but I still love to OPI my toes.
Over all, 5 stars for value, ease of use, and quality of shave.
4808	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I keep ordering this over and over and over...
My only reservation is that it contains Triclosan. Triclosan has been used for years in soaps and other products. It is an anti-bacterial agent and although there is no hard evidence at this time that it is harmful to humans, the FDA has been reviewing the use of Triclosan. At this point I'm willing to use a product that has Triclosan in it until there is some firm evidence that it might be hazardous in some way. I suspect it is the addition of Triclosan that makes this deoderant so effective.
The set that I have included a badger hair brush that was well stuffed, and hasn't shed any hairs in the time that Ive been using it.  You shouldnt be disappointed with this brush unless you're expecting a more exotic handle material than the black plastic in this set.


3937	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Jojoba Oil Triple Milled Soap is a special treat, a luxury that is worth splurging on. It has a nice scent. It's not really overly floral.  I am not sure how to describe it other than it reminds me of old fashioned soap.  I nice clean scent, not too overwhelming.  But my favorite part of this soap is how it feels.  As soon as you hold it and get it wet, it feels soft and smooth and creamy.  It lathers easily, yet lasts, and doesn't just start disintegrating into soap goo once opened and left in the shower. After using it, it dries nicely until next time.
RATING
4032	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really do dig this all in one cleanser/toner/makeup remover. It seems to minimize redness on breakouts and minimize the time I have them. It cleans my face really well and feels light, refreshing, and not sticky and definitely leaves no residue, as it's about the consistency of water. Works great as a makeup remover without irritating eyes and the next morning, I had no smears or leftover mascara to clean again which is a peeve of mine. Makes face soft and smooth as well, which is important for a dry-skinned lady like myself.
8426	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	In the future I will be ordering the large size.  Love the cleansing soap along with the cleansing lotion, eye cream and thank you for all the little samples.
My skin has never looked so healthy, natural and glowing after each treatment. My blemishes have lightened and evened out on my face.  It seems my acne wounds heal MUCH faster using this to clean my face.  I am in love with this stuff and will be buying big box of it to take with me to SE Asia when I move there to live.  I have another micellar water bottle that I had to review earlier, and I tested this product against that one and still this one pulled out more stuff from my skin.  The cotton pad was brownish, and I thought, hey maybe it's just does that every time, even on clean skin.. A chemical reaction, perhaps?  But nope. I used it a second time and it pulled out nothing more.
8921	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the neck & bust cream now for several months. I was introduced to it like most other users....on a cruise. This facial cream is great. I live in Florida & at 62 I can still get oily skin in this climate. This products is light & is not clogging my pores.

Great product, goes on evenly, not orangey at all and no irritation!  Would highly recommend!
1930	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	First off, I love the color.  I don't have anything like this and I used it immediately upon receiving it (it was June's High Shine Club selection for me).
3957	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The thickness, absorbency and quality of this lotion is really nice.  I find the bottle design to be understated and classic and pleasing.  I would not normally purchase because it does have parabens - multiple types.  I do try to buy paraben and other chemical free as much as possible.  I do think there is a difference is absorbency and moisturizing benefits though when you go chemical free.  It's a great moisturizer for those who could care less about all natural.
I did enjoy the gentle exfoliation but I'm not yet "in love" with this product as I am with some of my other PCA products.  For the amount (7 oz) and relative price, I am happy with my purchase and will continue use and update my review after using it longer.
9035	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Pretty great! Especially for the price. My only negative comment is that my metal stand for it broke, but I have used many other Hot Tools items and usually never have an issue, so I think it was just a fluke.
6092	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really find a good cleanser which is not to drying and not too greasy. My skin is definitely gotten way drier as I've gotten older and this is perfect for me. Pleasant and effective in every way. Great value for the price.
Its a large bottle (with a pump) so it will last a good long time.
1863	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Came fast and is really pretty.

3679	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have elbow length hair that I wash every day, and it gets incredibly tangled if I do not use a conditioner. I read several reviews before I had used the product and was expecting something different than the product I received. While many said this product tingled their scalp, this does no such thing for me. Possibly because my hair is too thick, but I'm thinking because it doesn't actually tingle.

2069	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I honestly did not expect the polish to be so sheer (4 coats required to be opaque yet still not bright). I recommend painting your nails white then putting about 2 coats of this polish on. Thanks so much!

5161	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's not hard to create an emollient cream,  but making one that immediately sinks into your skin without any residual stickiness is a real feat.

BUT You do need some hair for it to work!!
9741	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice scent. Loads of lather. Clean feeling when rinsed.
Would recommend for skin types like mine.
2)  Actually does help straighten out the waves and curls, even without a flat iron.

5200	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm middle aged, with combination skin. I tried this as a day moisturizer but didn't like it as well as my usual&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Trader-Joe-s-Nourish-Antioxidant-Facial-Serum-Two-Pack/dp/B00G8QU4Q0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Trader Joe's Nourish Antioxidant Facial Serum Two Pack</a>, which goes on less creamy and more matte. I moisturize at night only once a week at most (my bad), but as an occasional night creme, the Vichy Aqualinia works great! I am largely scent-free in my laundry products to spare my friends with environmental sensitivities, but I confess I do love my facial products. This one is noticeably scented, but I don't mind it. Using it twice a day would be way too much moisturizing for me, so I've set it aside for the occasional big burst from deeper application.
Vincent Longo Water Canvas Base comes in a black tube which looks pretty nice on the product page, but in reality, when you get it, the small size is rather shocking. There is only .88 oz of product in the tube, which if you translate it, you can imagine three tubes of Jack Black lip balm and that is about the size of this product.

I tried 3 ways.
9635	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS, SOOOOOOO GOOD makes my skin smooth and smells divine. Also wonderful big foam/bubbles if you use it in the bath.
3699	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product.

4642	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've been using thus for the last 10 days so it's too early to say if this has helped my skin.

8721	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This body wash is excellent!! This brand is excellent. We purchase a lot of Mario Badesco products and never have a bad thing to say about them. They one is no different. It's great and does excatly what it is supposed to do.
So I started looking into the list of ingredients, which I included below.  Some compounds - such as certain fatty alcohols - may be derived from animals or plants.  BOC makes no claim that the Night Cream AHA is vegan, so there is no reason to expect that it is.  Other ingredients like hydrogenated polyisobutene have used animals in testing (and yes, there were deaths).  Still others - sorbitan stearate, glyceryl stearate, and cetyl alcohol - have been considered toxic and environmentally dangerous in Canada.  Then there are the four (FOUR) parabens, i.e. preservatives, recently associated with breast tumors.  Granted, parabens have not been found to _cause_ cancer, and they can exist naturally in some foods (grapes, flaxseed) and even show up in some OTC pain relievers.  But Denmark has seen fit to ban butylparaben from certain child-oriented products.  The fact that BOC chooses to use FOUR parabens is worrisome.
3064	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have aging, dry, sensitive skin. I love everything about this but the lavender scent. It's so strong I noticed it even before I opened the box when it arrived. (I hate lavender!) This is the first oil I've used that doesn't sit on top of my skin. I use it only at night and when I wake up, my face is glowing, yet not greasy or oily in any way. If this had some other scent, I'd give it 5 stars.
If you are looking for a gift, this is a nice package.  If you are looking for yourself, get the moisturizer from Batxer and get the other items elsewhere.
5186	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the Vichy products and this cream is no exception It goes on easily and absorbs quickly.  A little goes a long way.
4842	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great!
May not work well on some oily skin


6023	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very happy it doesn't smell like seaweed! I look forward to putting this on my face all day long
I am mid-thirties, with sensitive, dry, pale skin.
3929	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The smell is fantastic. I love it. It is strong and lasts for a long time. I don't use this as a daily but rather on special occasions. It is also perfect for the guest bathroom to really make your overnight guests feel special. I feels great on the skins and doesn't create any rashes or irritation. A little goes a long way. You can always use a little bit after you already soap off with a non-frangrance soap first and just have this wonderful smell for hours after. It doesn't rinse completely off easily. Instead it leaves a silky feeling on your skin. I believe it is also the key to the long lasting smell. If it doesn't bother your skin, you can rinse lightly and have a longer lasting fragrance.
9421	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Since I use the entire OBAGI Nu Derm regime, I looked to OBAGI for a product that would help my daughter. This was purchased as a gift to solve a particular issue for her. I DO trust the OBAGI brand so that was the only product line I looked at.
3805	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin is noticeably brighter after using this cleanser for about a month, and has actually made me really appreciate chemical exfoliators. Definitely will buy again. Love Mario Badescu.
There was no tightness, no residue feeling, just a fresh and clean canvas to put my moisturizer and skin care products on. I've been using this for several weeks and am noticing a brighter look to my face. There is no weird scent or perfume, and 8 oz of toner lasts a good while. I'm very happy with this and glad I got a chance to sample it, since I had given up on using toners and now I use this daily.
 I use this as a night time face wash. So I first use a makeup wipe ( mostly just for my eye makeup so it doesn't get in my eyes) then I wash my face with this.
As I said, I'm on the darker side of medium, olive-toned. I can wear some of the Stila Convertibles on my lips, the richer colors--Poppy and Rose. Others are just too light. But for fairer ladies, I think lots of these colors would work wonderfully.
The only con I can think of is that it has a strong, pungent smell but I wasn't bothered for long.
9694	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-RJUDPBYH27CKE" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1oPL7S3wuS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/01gsNrxQtUS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;This is a review of the 5.2oz L'Occitane Shea Butter Hand Cream.
4498	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This product isn't my favorite. While it definitely gives my face a clean feel, it also leaves a strange film behind. I'm also not a big fan of the scent. It's citrusy, which isn't totally offensive, but has some underlying "other" scent that makes it smell like grandma's perfume. Another biggee, on the front of the bottle, it says it's "cleansing, makeup removing, and purifying." When I think of a makeup remover, I'm thinking that it can be used for eye makeup. Do NOT use this on your eyes, it stings!
3523	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my second bottle of this topcoat. My other bottle lasted for three years...this is a long time for a polish as most get too thick after just a few manicures. I always have clear as my base and then put the CND Shiney as my top coat. It is a clean, classy look and if it peels a tad it still looks good because it is natural as opposed to a color chipping. Love this product!
136	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	After much deliberation and a lot of wine, I decided to go ahead and buy I Vant to Ne A-Lone Star and happily put it on my nails when it arrived. I was impressed with the color, an opaque light gray with a slight pearl to the finish, but it seems a little weaker than the solid gray that we see in the photos. I wore it for about three days before I decided I wanted something a little flashier.

First of all, make sure that your face is moisturized after cleaning it.  Good moisturizing is key.  You can use a primer, if you like.  I happen to really like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Natasha-Denona-Face-Glow-Primer-Hydrating-Underbase-1-01-oz-30-mL/dp/B01MQJMK21/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Natasha Denona Face Glow Primer Hydrating Underbase 1.01 oz/ 30 mL</a>&nbsp;for drier skin and&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Swanson-Hyaluronic-Acid-Serum-1-fl-oz-29-6-ml-Serum/dp/B008PPXBA8/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Swanson Hyaluronic Acid Serum 1 fl oz (29.6 ml) Serum</a>&nbsp;for more oily or normal and  younger skin.
Ideally, I'd like to think this JB kit could work for someone, but not if you have sensitive + oily skin. I'm assessing my "purge" was my skin reacting poorly to the product. However, many are vague as to how to distinguish between a reaction and a so called purge - if the purge actually exists, you know. Therefore, I suggest if you are breaking out in places you typically don't you may be having a poor reaction to something in the product. If you are an oil slick 30 days into "testing" a new regime, you're likely not acclimating to it well. That was the case for me anyway.
8144	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good stuff

8728	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	IT WORKS GREAT
3701	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous skin line.  I received my  first products from my sisters, they would bring them back from France.  They were only available in France and Canada.  Then my Dermatologist started stocking La Roche Posay. .  I have been using these products for the last 12 years. Just as good as La Mer and Lazlo.
4362	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Finally a product that gives lift without weighing down my fine hair.  Will buy again.
2548	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I like JB products and am a big fan of the Dragon Ice, so I tried one of these. I have older, sensitive, dry skin. A pea sized dab massaged across my face resolved nothing and felt like sticky film nearly all day. A few days later I tried a bigger coin-sized glob and massaged it across my entire face with the same results. Sticky, tacky feeling all day! I elected to wash it off several hours later and had slimy feeling which dissolved with more water. Apparently, my skin is not absorbing this stuff like it does the Nivea/Neutrogena types. The JB gel smells okay and feels okay gong on, but I will not be continuing its use.
7359	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love how my feet feel after I put it on
5888	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good

7444	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good!
In both cases, the skin surface felt smooth, although dry and tight.
2949	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When I bought this product, I did not read the description thoroughly. It is formulated for men in case anyone is wondering.
Application wise, it's consistent with the great user experience I've come to expect from Zoya.  It is easy to apply evenly and doesn't go on streaky.  I also find this to be pretty pigmented, so for me 2 thin coats has been perfect to get a more opaque look.
5713	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place. Instead of boosting his confidence, Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair.
3405	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	love the color quality good as all OPI PRODUCTS

I still use another product (a colored powder) that I brush onto my scalp to help cover the sparser areas in front.  But, I use far less of it with Toppik's products.
6507	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfection. This is perfect for setting my makeup as well as a refresher throughout the day!
9948	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like the smell and like most soaps it does not stick around. Its a larger amount than I expected. Ive been wet shaving for about two years and still find myself experimenting with different soaps. They last a long time so its not like you have a lot of them. This one is very pleasant, very nice shave, lathers easily (I have heard water but on a hardness scale of 1-5 its a 2-1/2) and Im looking forward to keeping it in my rotation. I have a tough beard that grows in many directions and I would definitely recommend this soap.
9287	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product
3648	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the mousse, it is a big step up over creams or gels. It rubs in and dries pretty fast.. The scent is a pleasant vanilla unlike a lot of other tanners. It leaves a natural shade but a little too dark for me, so I use it very conservatively.
I don't know yet if I will stick with it after initial purchase, it is a little pricey.
8732	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice gentle product, that still foams(a lot of gentle cleansers I've used don't) good light scent, and it doesn't leave my skin feeling stripped.
4191	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love everything PCA
I found out about this at a high-end salon that I was visiting to get my hair colored.  It works great!  It comes in lots of different flavors - I started with the Vanilla Bean and have loved it so I haven't tried the rest.  It's like brown sugar - really thick and creamy.  You just take a bit on your finger and rub it on your lips in a circular motion.  Then, wipe it off with a tissue.  I have found that there is still some residue so I usually wet my lips to get off the rest and wipe with a towel.  I only use it once a week now, and my lips are fabulous.  My lipstick last forever now.
Overall, I like it.
1577	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time, and product is a really pretty mid pink shade.
5869	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased "seaside". The nail polish goes on opaque in 2 coast. I use the base and a top. I get a lot of compliments all the time!!! The nail polish lasts a long time and I do a lot with my hands as a stay at home mom. I have 2 small kids and wash my hands constantly. This picture was taken on day 5 on me wearing it. As you can see it looks like I just painted them!!! Highly recommend.
6366	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has been the only cream that keeps my skin moisturized throughout the day. I work in a freezing cold office so I have a personal space heater that really dries out the air and my skin, but after using this moisturizer I've really felt a difference in my skin. I used to use the super thick Nivea original cream from Germany but this works so much better and without making your face look shiny and greasy.
Apply on a freshly washed face.  Don't shake the bottle. Just dip a Qtip up to the pink portion.  Just dab on the pimple/blemish.
Another added bonus for those of you that are like me that are not a teen anymore but still have bad break outs, this product is for you. I have tried many eye creams and they all broke me out. Why? Because I started to put it together that most eye creams say to wear at night, which means the cream will always end up rubbing on your pillow and ultimately rubbing off on the rest of your face. I get severe cystic acne, so I am so afraid to put anything on my face. Other eye creams (since they are so heavy I assume) would cause me to break out. Not Teamine though, since I have been using it for several months now, it has not caused any extra breakouts.
I think this does an excellent job at covering skin discolorations and goes on very easily.  Mine did not come with the settling powder though the directions discussed using it.
Even though I'm over 50, I would categorize my skin as fairly normal so despite the fact that this is being marketed for Normal to Oily skin, I decided to give it a shot.  And boy am I glad I did.
There are adjustable settings for the temperature on here-it's a dial-set it once and then leave it alone. Not like electronic ones where you have to reset it every time you use it. I do wish this had an auto off feature, that's my one thing I want that newer irons have. The barrel on here is the PERFECT size for most hair types. It gives the loose barrel curl type, the "Victoria's Secret Curl" a lot of girls are after. The longer you hold the curl, the better longevity you will get. I have experimented with this thing for years and gotten tons of variety with it.
7108	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As I've mentioned in some of my other JB reviews, I am doing this review from the stand point of someone with thinning hair, short cut hair.  The positives about this shampoo is this bottle will last me a long time.  I've used it for over a month now and I would say I'm about a fifth of the way through the bottle.  I imagine, someone with thicker, longer hair will run through the bottle more quickly.  It is very light weight, and washes through easily and leaves my hair feeling clean.  The negative on this (and this is purely subjective), is the scent.  It has a citrus smell, specifically lemon.  I question the decision on this particular scent because it reminds me of lemon scented dish washing soap.  It even has the same texture.  Curious.  I didn't give it 5 stars because of that, but would have given it more of a 4.5 if I had the option.  Price is a little high, but most "designer" shampoos are running about the same.  The chances are if you are looking at JB products, the price isn't a deal breaker for you.  Where I don't believe my hair appears thicker, that is the fault of genetics, not this product.  My hair is definitely clean and manageable.
lemon
4238	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It doesn't take but a dab of this on my facial brush to work up a fabulous lather.  Excellent cleanser

4946	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Sometimes when I run out of this I go back to my former default, the Dr Dennis Gross alpha beta peels in packets, because these are very fiddly to get out of the jar.  They're thin, and wet, and they stick together, and without my glasses I find it hard to tell whether I've got one, two, or three stuck together!  Single-use packets would be awesome (but obviously generate more trash).
1841	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous color.
85	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color! Great formula
4282	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for evening skin texture
My skin is sensitive and can react strongly to harsh ingredients, but this doesn't irritate it at all.
3427	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it, great color!
706	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Anthony Glycolic face was is great for smoothing skins, getting rid of blackheads and acne and has a very pleasant light citrus scent.  The product will mildly dry out your skin and you will need to use a serum and/or moisturizer.  I normally do not like Anthony because they usually contain a lot of chemicals and I normally gravitate towards Jack Black, however, this product is free of most harmful chemicals and additives and simply works.


9201	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I dot this on the little rosacea lumps I get a lot and leave it on overnight. It's pretty silly looking and it does rub off on my (black) sheets, though it doesn't seem to stain. It generally deflates the lumps over a night or two. Between this and the other 403572349473 things I put on my face, I finally feel like my skin is almost mine again.
711	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was unable to get the bottle to spray - tired & tired.  Cannot put on hair any other way.
9745	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Although far from using organic ingredients, Vichy makes up for it in nice quality, awesome fragrance and very good value since a little goes a long way. This nice sized body and hair shower gel is rich but doesn't leave skin sticky or feeling like a film. Just clean with a nice fragrance. The smell is clean and refreshing - not heavy or floral. Very nice product.
The other purpose for me is that it has a (30 SPF) sunscreen.  ALL other cosmetics with sunscreen I have tried have (25 SPF) or lower, and not my needed (30 SPF) that my dermatologist recommends.  She has said that even in my home with shades closed I am exposing my skin to potential damage.  I score 1,000 % here for this as well as the other qualities of this line.
5224	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	No hold, not happy at all with this product.

Pictures just can't do it justice, it's incredibly high sheen, hand polished plating glistens and gleams with enough sparkle power to burn out your retinas. The design is as unique as it is stunning and the considerable weight really does mean you let the razor do all of the work for you - adding pressure is asking for trouble.
9811	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	04/06/2016 UPDATE - almost 3 years now, the original jar is still about 40% full. I've since tried Proraso Green and Proraso Red, also love them. You can get them really cheap at Italian Barber website.

This product does a fairly well job at keeping my face moisturized and preventing the dry patches from bothering me like they normally do. It's too early to say how long this will last as my skin seems to get use to certain products faster than others but as of now, I'm really loving how soft this product makes my skin!

But it does a great job of moisturizing.
I think this stuff is overpriced for the value. I have better results using drug store brands, changing pillow cases and towels every other day, and keeping my hands off my face.


1556	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Helps discoloration and gives you a polished look. All while protecting the nails.
Shaving with these products will produce the best shave of your life (as long as  you have a nice blade).  You will also smell nice.
1604	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for this color for a while. I used to get L'Oreal Spice Things Up but had a hard time finding it. This is almost an exact match.  Perfect, almost a brick red, some would call terracotta. Nice shine as well. Great to wear to a professional office, or even out and about, as it is not a super red. Has the same impact as red, but just a twist.


9993	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like the smell and like most soaps it does not stick around. Its a larger amount than I expected. Ive been wet shaving for about two years and still find myself experimenting with different soaps. They last a long time so its not like you have a lot of them. This one is very pleasant, very nice shave, lathers easily (I have heard water but on a hardness scale of 1-5 its a 2-1/2) and Im looking forward to keeping it in my rotation. I have a tough beard that grows in many directions and I would definitely recommend this soap.
5007	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love how my feet feel after I put it on
I have reordered.
In every method:

9215	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is amazing!  As soon as you see a pimple starting to form, put this on overnight and it will dramatically reduce the size and redness, plus speed up the healing process!
8804	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like other Mario Badescu products, the liquid is thick but not greasy at all when you apply it to your face. It has a gentle soothing effect and I found my skin feeling soft and well hydrated after a day running around in the hot, humid weather. Though the bottle is small, a little goes a long way and it's the perfect size for traveling. I can't imagine going on a plane without it.

7931	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So glad I found this. Now that I have gone gray I don't have to worry about my pink scalp showing. After styling my hair, I shake it lightly on exposed scalp areas and it stays there until I wash it out. Easy to use and I've been using the same small bottle since July. Bought a second for my travel bag. Totally recommend this product.

The culprit in those cases is SUNSCREEN.  If you use a product with sunscreen in it, you will get flashback in photos, and have an ashy appearance in certain lights and on videos.  Your skin on your face will look starkly different than the rest of your body, even under makeup.
7204	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it best brand been using it for a very long time
7200	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff.  My hair gets a little greasy after 24 hours, and I don't want to wash my hair every day or my fine, blond hair gets damaged.  This stuff is great, it is not heavy and sticky like some of the dry shampoos.  It is light and does not creat the pouffy look that some of the spray dry shampoos seem to try and create, it just seems to take away the greasies and leave your hair clean and smelling fresh.  The only problem is the only place I can find it is Sephora.  I wish they carried this product at more beauty supplies stores.
2030	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my new signature Fall polish!! Love this color! It looks black, but in the light there is some shiny wine undertones
This is the first item in this line of Dermablend cosmetics from LOreal that Ive received, and it is my very favorite.  It covers my skin imperfections well.
4026	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really amazing product. I usually come home tired after work but don't have time for a full cleanse before I want to go out and see my friends or boyfriend. With just a few drops of this on a cotton ball and several swipes across my t-zone and cheeks, my face looks refreshed and clean. On the flip side, after a night out it works great as a makeup remover. A truly all in one product that I and my skin love!
8587	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	WONDERFUL TONER just spray on face and continue other product applications. Does not dry or irritate at all. This is a great line for people with sensitive skin and not just rosacea issues.

6903	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I travel a lot and carry on.  I would leave my toner at home in the past because it was too large of a bottle to carry on.  I just put the jar in my carry on bag and haven't had any TSA hassles since they don't consider it liquid.
9760	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This moisturizer has a very thick and creamy consistency, which makes it great for colder months when indoor heating and harsh outdoor temperatures can dry out skin. (Warm it up on your fingertips before applying -- this helps it spread easily.)

9618	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Grand kids love it and relaxes them at night.  So do I the smell of course is incredible will buy always there products.  Wish they would bring Grape seed back
5911	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	These polishes are expensive and too thin for the color to pop. I bought several because the colors are so beautiful but have returned to old faithful OPI.



It looks and feels just like water  The ingredients list a fragrance but I cannot smell it at all.  I wet a pad and use it to clean my face with, and it cleanses well.  I usually use multiple little pads but that's normal for me with any makeup remover.  It does remove makeup well, and it takes my hard to remove mascara off.  It does not burn my eyes at all and it seems very gentle.



This product is a peel made from (mostly) organic products and it is formulated for Sensitive skin.  It has a yogurt-like texture and a slight "sour" odor (that sounds awful, but really it's mild and not unpleasant).  You apply an even layer to clean, dry skin and leave it on for no more than 10 minutes.  The manufacturer notes that you might experience a slight tingling sensation and/or some redness, but that hasn't been the case for me.  After 10 minutes you rinse the product off.  You can apply the peel up to two times per week.
My sensitive skin tingles a bit after using this, but it's not too bad and the tingling goes away after a few minutes.

It does contain talc. Talc is very inexpensive and I have some health worries about it, though it has been deemed safe for cosmetics.
619	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This was my first time using Jane Iredale and I was impressed with the color and texture. Creases a little bit but higher quality and richer color than Pacifica's eye shadows. I was disappointed with the wasteful compact = shouldve been packaged in cardboard. Lasts around 5 hrs. Will definitely buy again

This lip balm feels good on my lips. It is not sticky. It is not thick and waxy like chapstick. There is a slight shine to this lip balm, but not quite as glossy as a lip gloss. I like that, but I'm female. I don't think it would be a good look on men.
7596	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this.  Really helps the necks & some lines on the forehead, etc...
Again, this is one great razor and well worth the time and money invested.
8/31/2017: My commute and work days have been really long lately, and the weather has been so hot. I come home beat and one of the first things I do is wipe my face with this Vichy Micellar Water. While it's not perfect, I've grown to love its convenience and how it's refreshing and removes so much makeup and grime without drying my skin out, I'm upgrading my rating from 4 to 5 stars.
I am a fair complected senior citizen with very fair skin.  Still a few freckles.  What I don't need is a product like this one.  I think that this product is relatively easy to apply.  I followed the directions exactly.  There is a little spatula included and I used it to take a small amount of product (it only takes a little, believe me) and put it on the back of my hand.  Then I used my fingers to "stir" the product a little and then apply it to my face.  WOW!  A little bit of this stuff goes a long way.  Just remember that you can always add more but it is more difficult to take some away.
1276	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my Favorite products!!
2481	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	but im on 2nd delievery to see results  , it gives teeth that immed no grit feel like after a cleaning I lovvveee, and does so each use. the whitening takes 6 wks using both and I've now seen a visible difference even w out a tan

3602	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I purchased this from Ulta. I enjoy a couple of MB other things, so gave this a try. I have sensitive, combination oily, acne prone skin. This product says you can use it on either cystic acne or small acne clusters emerging on the skin. I used it for two weeks straight on a small area of breakout on my face and didn't notice much of a change in my breakouts at all. I feel like I was just rubbing alcohol with baby oil on my face (the best way I can describe this stuff). I don't think it's worth the price, and I doubt it would work on cystic acne. I have gotten two cystic acne pimples last summer, so I get that rather infrequently, and can't comment on the product on cystic acne.
3214	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Goes on really easy and feels nice. Shave is very smooth with no irritations. I have sensitive skin so this works well. Only downside is that it is 3x the price of types you can buy at grocery stores.
7236	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Everything a person with acne prone skin would need in a box. When I started using Mario Badescu, I forgot about any topical medicaments and no more excessive spending on dermatologist visits.
Will update review after I use it for 4-6 wweks
I do really like the face wash.  It leaves my skin feeling clean and soft.  It doesn't leave my combination face feeling dry.  And it has this bubblegum-citrus scent going on that I enjoy.
I'd say this is the best balance of moisturizing qualities with fast absorption. I've never used a cream that absorbs instantly, but some leave your hands feeling like they are drenched in cooking oil (the Burts Bees products tend to be greasy).
1697	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this for my nails - I am able to fix my nails as well.
7498	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	We have been using CHI Silk Infusion for a number of years. If you have any damage to your hair -- especially if your hair is color treated -- you'll find that this will dramatically improve the texture and manageability of your hair. When your hair is wet, it can be almost impossible to get a comb through it. Not only will this unsnag the tangles, your hair will dry without any stiffness or oily feel. I promise you will definitely feel the difference in the way your hair handles as you style it, and the shine is amazing. Worth every penny for the results!
9464	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This is quite possibly one of the worst lip products I have ever used. The product is very sticky, but also very thin. When I put it on my lips it all migrates to the edges and I end up looking like I had an accident with a lip liner. It feels really unpleasant on the lip. The color is pretty, but it feels gross, doesn't stay in place, and doesn't last. A big loser for me.

It is a really nice dry oil, but if you do suffer from sensitive skin (as I do), keep in mind that the fragrance might cause a reaction, particularly on your face.
5073	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works wonderfully as a detangler and makes my hair smell so good! Excellent product! Doesn't make my hair feel sticky or greasy which so many spray on product can do.



Unfortunately it chipped after a day, but it's not a big deal for me since I change polish often enough.
4381	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I tested some of this self tanner on my arm. It has been about an hour and I can only see where my skin has plumped from the moisturizer. The color looks brighter where I applied the tanner. I like the smell of the product, it has a much nicer smell than most self-tanners. Since this is a gradual tanner, I most likely won't see too much change in color until it has been used for a week or two. I am not a tanner, in fact, I burn quite easily and am prone to skin cancer. This product does not have sunscreen, so if you go outdoors, you will still need that protection applied. I do love the smell and how nicely it applies and how where it is applied, the skin looks better
1881	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color
6046	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a truly amazing product. I have very sensitive skin that is dry to combination. I was very surprised that it didn't burn, sting or make my skin brake out in a rash. I apply at night and in the morning I wake up with me face feeling like a babies butt hehe.. Highly recommend it.
The skin around my eyes is so plump and healthy.  I also recently rubbed this on the heels of my feet after I walked barefoot in my yard one afternoon.  I did a foot soak, I gently rubbed my heels with a cloth, and then I put a bit of oil on each and rubbed them in.  It worked a mini miracle on my dragon scale feet.
5945	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was so excited to pick out my very first bottle of Butter 3-free nail polish. There were many gorgeous colors to choose from. I chose this one (Kerfuffle)...and I wish I hadn't. It didn't go on very nicely. It was obvious I couldn't even possibly get by temporarily with one coat. But mostly it reminds me of a colored "White-Out" I used years ago at my job. Every time I look down at my toes, I cringe because it's obvious I won't be happy until I remove it and put something else on.
4829	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All of there products are really great for men.  I highly recommend this one for all skin types even oily skin like mine
2652	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My first impression was visual:  the bottle is interesting and beautiful - and it will never tip over on your dresser!  I seldom use scent of any kind because it can be overpowering to me, so I applied this very sparingly.  I liked the soft floral scents (peach & hyacinth?) with just a note of something tangy.  I could catch the scent all day long, but I am sensitive to odors so the scent may not last as long for others.
I would recommend this for people with oily skin.  It does have some ingredients that could be a problem or very sensitive skin though, and it could cause a bit of breakout at first- it has willow bark in it and ingredients that often will 'uncover' breakouts about to happen anyway, though they should be less serious than usual and descrease quickly.  This seems like it would be a great mask for teen guys and men with very oily skin too.
I washed my feet, dried them,and applied a small amount on each foot up to the ankle, massaging gently. I put on a pair of clean cotton socks and went to bed. When I woke up the next morning, the itching and dryness was gone as were the cracked heels.

The product is Soap-free. Alcohol-free. Colorant-free. pH-balanced. Allergy-tested. Non-comedogenic. Suitable for sensitive skin. Safe for contact lens wearers. Tested under dermatological and ophthalmological control .
7843	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great smell, terrific lather, and so far, it not only made a smooth shave, but left behind clear skin, as promised. No ingrown hairs. None. My only complaint is the label is all foreign language..French? I really do like this shaving cream though. It leaves behind a faint but pleasant smell. It's thick from the get go. Easy to spread. Easy to shave. Maintains its lather long enough for you to see what you're doing.


I like to play with the powders, yet, when I am in a rush I will make errors, not being subtle, and not dusting before other products.  Also, I am 62, and my baggy under-eye application errors are the most noticeable. I get rid of this bagginess first.  I will use the powders now, especially with other lighter Dermablend cr&egrave;me applications, or with the high-quality Dermablend Pro Smooth Liquid Camo Medium Cover Foundation (25 SPF) listed below; and as well as their other foundations. All definitely for photos where a shine or two really counts.
6368	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my 2nd bottle of this body wash,it's the only thing I've found that keeps my chest & back clear!
279	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this polish! It is so sparkly and fun. It applies very easily and is surprisingly smooth. It dries quickly and lasts nicely for a glitter.
weight conditioner.  Love the conditioner too!

9662	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As a nurse I always use the handcream, the most wonderful hand cream in the world. I now live this body cream just as much. The scent is not as strong as the hand cream, I love them both. I use it as a face cream also, and my skin is so soft, and even, no dry spots.
7933	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Slightly purple/off color in some lighting. Sticks better than Caboki but the color made me stop buying it.
9419	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Not as good as the Obagi C serum...
6449	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have never used this brand before so I plan to come back and re-evaluate the rating depending on if it is better or worse the current rating.  It comes in an easy to squeeze bottle and looks like a blue gel when you apply it to your skin. I have an extremely dry area on both of my forearms and although some moisturizers work better than others, nothing has solved the problem. I am applying my best moisturizing cream first and then this serum to lock in the mositurizer;

343	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The foundation in the Vine list was too dark for me, but I still liked it as far as the way it applied, lasted, and sun protection and was glad for the chance to try it!  I wore it around the house when I did not have to go anywhere.  I have sensitive skin but the foundation did not cause any break outs or other irritation.  It govered the imperfections in my skin very well.  Because of the darker shade I may not be able to evaluate the coverage as well, but I liked it well enough that I may get a shade that matches me.
4145	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This smells great and the scent actually lingers for most of the day.  (I would not suggest only applying sunscreen once per day if you are going to be outdoors/getting wet/etc.  But I apply it in the morning before I commute to the office, so I can actually tell how long the scent lasts.)
Ultimately, I gave up using this kit other than the peel and the blemish clearing stick (which you'd buy separately). Only using up what I have left of the peel as I've found one made with similar ingredients for WAY less than what the standard jar costs. And ounce for ounce the stick isn't exceptional.
9498	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I've been working to eliminate harsh chemicals from my skin care regime. This rating of 7 from EWG is mostly due to Fragrance and Butylated hydroxytoluene. Look it up at ewg.org. Also, many people complain that they don't like the way NIA 24 products smell. I like they way they smell, but most are too strong.
2660	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's hard to give an objective review of a perfume; every person has different likes and dislikes when it comes to fragrances.
This is good stuff. I recommend it.

2722	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the new compact. The product was always great, but as I travel so much the plastic compact eventually would break. So thank to for the improvement to the case.
2546	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My go-to "after shave balm".  It's expensive compared to the "cheap stuff" found at Wal-Mart or drug stores, but totally worth it! It gives an immediate cooling sensation with a clean, natural fragrance that pretty much disappears by the time you leave the house for work.
1388	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This produce may be applied in just moments to achieve a very efficient results, any time of the day.
For starters, definitely take the advice of cutting the pads in half... half a pad is plenty for face, neck and even chest.  I've been using this along with the serum and after 2 months have noticed significant improvement in the appearance of sun spots and the ability of my skin to resist irritation.  I've also noticed an unexpected reduction in blackheads, maybe due to this exfoliating my skin?  I also only use this product a night and that seems to be plenty.


4292	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skun looks softer too.this is for your body primarily.try makeup artist choice lactic acid peel for your face.start with 40 percent .remember spf 50!!!
COLOR: The color (Blossom) is great--not too pink for my non-Caucasian medium golden-tone skin, but neutral/pigmented enough that I think it'd look good on anyone with medium-tan to fair complexion--both for skin with golden and rose undertones. It's interesting that someone else mentioned that they felt the color was pinker in person than in the photo--that goes to show how computer screens can vary in color! I found it less pink and less white-toned in person than in the photo--a good thing for me, obviously. I was taking a gamble with it, and I'm glad it turned out to be more neutral and pigmented. Generally, most of us are taking a chance on makeup we haven't seen/tried in person, so this color is a pretty safe one to go with if you're trying the brand/product for the first time.
I like the way my skin feels after using this product and it doesn't appear to clog my pores.
3102	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for a year and I still love it.  I originally bought it on a cruise and my eyes don't have dark circles any more and  look so healthy that people made comments after I lost 40 pounds and a lot of it showed in my face.  I use it in the laugh lines around my mouth too...  I look healthy they say... That's so cool.  I believe in this product and will continue to use it.
He highly recommends (and will get) a higher quality razor. He went through two of the disposable razors because of the thickness of the cream. The cream is so much higher quality and thicker than the common foams for which cheap disposable razors are made.
I think you can only use it twice a week .
The lotion blends in easily without using a sticky residue.
4538	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is the cat's pajamas.  Washes the face wonderfully, leaves the skin feeling fresh and clean and moist.  It has a nice consistency and smell to it, and I can use it on my face every day.  I have moderately oily skin, and I can use it daily with no issues.

4295	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	After using this cream for 5 days i have a rash on my cheast  and legs and i had to stop and use cortisone .


Skin is looking much better after only 2 weeks of use!! You can also layer this under your makeup if your skin is very dry and it sinks in and doesn't affect foundation at all. Love the results!
6002	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great Night Cream!
4985	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is styled as a three-step skin care regimen, and overall it is pretty good, but has one particularly great component.

12/14/2015 - I don't know why I've been neglecting this razor - I've been using my cheap plastic Feather razor, which is quite good. Occasionally would use my Merkur Slant. Yesterday I decided to try the open-comb 15c again. Very nice, zero injuries (used Proraso again). My only comment: it is not as close (ever so slightly) compared to my other razors. I mean my face looked clean and was smooth to touch WTG, but I could feel a little abrasiveness with my hand against the growth. This despite shaving first WTG and then ATG - it's really as close as this razor gets.

9048	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great gets hot, perfect
4. Expensive. Considering the tiny bottle size and minimal effects (and the need for something else to remove makeup), the price tag seems very high. I've used drug store cleansers that were on par with this one for a fraction of the cost. If I'm spending more, I'd rather invest in Algenist or La Mer cleansers, which don't claim to do anything for acne, but do clean my skin beautifully (including eye makeup).
So what did I think?
But then I tried Vichy Aqualia Thermalunder make-up, it really makes my face look great, and I noticed a difference immediately.  I wear cream liquid, followed by a light mineral powder dusting.  The overall effect is a much softer, better absorbed look.  Just as important, my face remains like that all day.  Like Olivella, Aqualia Thermal doesnt clog pores.  The Vichy box says this product is suitable for dry to very dry skin types.  I can attest it works well on middle-aged skin.
7105	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Jack Black's Thickening Shampoo is supposed to be unscented but it does have a mild scent of basil and citrus. The scent isn't something that I noticed immediately, I had to pause to try to identify the components.  Overall, it's subtler than most shampoos for men and it's an expensive tasteful scent.

1901	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this color. As another reviewer mentioned the polish is a bit thin and watery. I used a white coat prior to applying and then 3 coats to get the desired full color. It looks great. Just make sure to use a white base coat and multiple coats to acheive the full color.
Lately I decided to try straight edge razor shaving. And discovered these old school soaps and other accessories. I must say that now I look forward to shaving. And even though I am still learning to use the real razor, so I still have to use my 5-blade Gillette, I enjoy using homemade lather and the smell of this Proraso soap is fantastic. I seem to get a closer shave (even with the same old Gillette) and I enjoy the process. I love making the lather in a mug with my brush. Surprised how little of this soap you need - you can make a cupful of lather with about a dime-size amount of Proraso soap.
Bottom line, my wife was very impressed with the JOUER ESSENTIAL LIP ENHANCER and believes it to be superior to other lip balms/moisturizers shes used in the past.  She states her lips feel fuller and the glossy appearance enhances the fullness.  Having spent a good amount of money over the years buying such products, she states Jouer is now her go-to lip enhancer.
My hair is slightly longer than shoulder-length and when I want all-day curls, I use this iron and after letting them relax, I apply hair spray.  For longer hair and a looser curl, buy the next size.
2526	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good

2522	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This perfume has a heavenly, sweet scent.  I receive compliments from my co-workers when I wear this fragrance.

They were a little tricky at first to figure out how to make them work, but didn't take long.
8715	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells lovely, very moisturizing, non irritating, and wears well under makeup or alone! Good stuff!! And a little goes a long way!
5645	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I mix it with the light blonde to get closer to my shade.  Good product, just hard to tell colors from picture.
1272	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It works well for the most part.  A little powdery looking at times.
1112	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a great setting powder.  It is very fine, and it does a great job of eliminating shine and giving skin a more matte appearance.  It absorbs a lot of sweat too, and is very nice to wear in the summer.
2288	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Consistently great product
Juice asks to take a small amount and warm in your fingers before smoothing over your cleansed face and neck.  I think it's an important step.  This moisturizer is not smooth and creamy out of the jar, that's why some of the reviews are not 5 stars - but they should be.  I really take my time now, because the first time I used it - I did not - and my sensitive skin really looked a little red.  I then re-read all the instructions and next time the cream and my skin were super-silky.
1852	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	pretty color but it takes a lot of coats to be opaque. I put white under it.


needed. The wonderful crmes I love work nicely with Loreal Dermablend Professional Translucent Loose Setting Powder with micronized powder, with the cotton puffs. It hides flaws when that is part of what you are going for.  This particular product is very fine, not grainy, and perhaps a bit creamy.  It definitely blends in well.  It is very nice for creating a thin and matte next barrier, keeping the crme, bases, foundations, from smudging to hands, clothing.  In various ways, since Amazon is not going to know my exact skin color, I have experimented, I am able to get some creative looks I sought in using the various loose powder shades together:
956	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this. Its a greasy thick white paste totally unusable unless you are a life guard or don't mind this look.
6365	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice.  Just the right amount of coverage and weight for me during the day.  Good price, too.
9886	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This open come head is very different from most other Merkur razors. I did like the close shave and the way the head bends the blade.
5521	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it this really works!
7849	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I was soo disappointed with this OPI product. My nail polish chipped worse than if I'd not used anything at all. It didn't seem to work as a base OR top coat effectively. I was able to get a refund - thank goodness at $14 for one tiny bottle!



8341	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product! It is hydrating and fabulous! Great seller too!
SHAVING- let me save you years of trial and error: take a warm shower & wash your face with billy jealousy exfoliating facial cleanser, shave afterwards with a $50 Merkur safety razor handle with good blades (save $100's on mach 3 refills!), use a $20 Tweezerman badger hair shaving brush to apply taylor of old street bond (or proraso) shaving cream (you can let it set in a minute), shave WITH the grain DOWN, SLOWLY, SOFTLY (don't press hard- let the weight of the handle and sharp blade do the cutting), lastly rub on a fingertip of proraso pre/post shave cream while your face is still wet and let it dry! Say goodbye to razor bumps and ingrown hairs FOREVER! Trust me- I've tried dozens of pricey face washes, shaving creams, and after shaves over the last 4 years. If you don't want to commit so much money yet- order the pre/post shave proraso cream online, buy proraso shave cream online or at bath and body works (under their C.O. Bigelow label) then get the cheap single blade disposables (mach 3's are too aggressive) at a grocery store and you'll notice a difference overnight.

Acai Fruit Oil
8331	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have very sensitive skin and this gives me a reaction, but other than that makes my skin look great
7555	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream made my wife very happy.  As the saying goes, when your wife is happy your happiness follows!!  Said it was good feeling and did what it was said.  It didn't make her face feel greasy and she said it was still feeling nice the next morning.  I have learned that you there are many different prices one can pay for these products and this one is a mid range.  My wife will be getting more of this when this one runs out and is happy to have discovered this cream and will continue using it in the future.  She was not put off by the smell and I really didn't notice it as well.
3828	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff. Leaves my skin feeling tingly and clean.
1425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I originally tried Baxter of California After Shave Balm as part of a starter kit that contained a Baxter of California shaving brush, shaving cream, and this balm.  The balm has a pleasant citrus scent to it, but it fades quickly and will not interfere with the scent of any other aftershave or cologne you might want to use afterward.  I really like how my face feels after using it.  I usually rub some alum on my face after shaving and rinse it off right before I apply the balm.  Just a small dab of the balm is needed, and I find one tube has lasted several months with daily usage with about 1/3 of the tube still remaining.  My face always feels really good afterwards, and I have experienced less shaving irritation with the balm.  After using it for a few weeks I have found my complexion has improved, too.
1768	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color! Goes on smooth, dries quickly and chips much less than similar brands!
When your hairdresser marvels at how good your hair looks, you know you've got a real solution to your problem.
That being said this hand cream is a little higher in price than what I normally pay for a hand cream but I wanted to try this brand. I do like it, don't know whether or not I'll purchase it again at this price point when I can get something that does as good of a job at moisturizing my dry hands for a lot less. Definitely a luxury item.
4657	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I should have known it was a bad sign when the box came completely open and destroyed. Thankfully everything inside was still wrapped so I decided to give it a try anyway. Within a few days I saw my skin get redder and more sensitive than it ever was before. I don't know if there's something in the products I was allergic to, but I had to quit it.
I would highly recommend this to anyone with weak nail issues. This can be worn alone or under polish.
* Comfortable grip and easy to work with

448	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this to cover my red face and it works well. I don't want to look like I am wearing make up and this stuff allows me to pull that off. The fact that it IS a sunscreen allows me validate wearing it. Sure I wear for vanity (To conceal my redness) but its nice to know it has a utilitarian purpose in blocking sun damage. I am no make up expert, I use a little of this every morning then add a little of their powder to remove shine and I'm good all day. It's still on when I wash my face after work. I like this product.

I prefer the Lemon scent over Lavender but that is a matter of choice.
4068	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The VICHY PURETE THERMALE works like it should.
8988	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I read all the 5 star reviews on this curling iron and I went for it.
I used this shampoo 4 times and unfortunately every time it made my hair very "flyaway".....not frizzy exactly because I don't have enough curl in my hair for it to frizz but I found if I wanted to pull it up in a bun/ponytail, I had lots and lots of individual hairs that were unruly and wouldn't stay in the ponytail but sort of floated around my head and normally I don't have this problem with my other shampoos.

1685	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the multi colored sparkles!
With the jar of product comes a little spatula. Don't lose it!  Scrape a little product with the spatula and put it on the back of your hand. Don't put too much. I made the mistake of putting too much product out the first time and had to discard half of it when I didn't use it. A little truly goes a long way because this is really thick, hence the full coverage. So, just scrape less than what you think you might need. Let the product warm on your hand for a bit and then apply on the skin area in question. I use my index finger. It covers my really dark acne spots and pimples. If it was dark enough for my legs, I would have used it on them for a flawless look. It thoroughly conceals any imperfections. I apply some setting powder, let it set and then brush the excess off and then use a setting spray. It lasts ALL DAY.

6082	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product.
9331	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used this treatment on damp hair after shampooing.  Just a few drops is all that's needed for my below shoulder length hair.  It defrizzes and acts as a heat protectant because it contains a lot of silicone.  I then use my regular styling products on top of it.  I didn't get any frizz, even in the Florida humidity.  It worked like a charm.  I'm impressed with this product and may decide to make it a regular part of my routine.  I definitely recommend it.
* Thick, Velvety Texture

9573	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This reminds me of some scents I used in the 80s.  Calvin Klein did not disappoint with this smell either.  The best test I could come up with was to let my wife smell it on me.  She said it was really nice and took it from me.  She used some on herself and was happy as well.  It really is something that both men and women could use if they wanted to as it is a pretty neutral smell.  I could see anyone using it.
9487	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This review is for the Nia 24 Eye Repair Complex, 0.5 fl. oz.
9796	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This moisturizes well.

Make sure to get the right color, too light and it will do nothing, too dark and it will look odd, but better too dark than light.

~The Rebecca Review
5293	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this on a whim. I love theBalm products.  I'm so glad I got it! Over a purple shadow it will make a matte a shimmer. If you spray it with fix+ it makes shadows look almost like duo chrome and when I'm being lazy and don't want to blend like I should it's a great transition color that blends the colors together.  A must have in any makeup  bag/collection.

If you're not sure about flavors, it's worth buying the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Marvis-Toothpaste-Flavor-Collection-Gift-Set/dp/B00NU9HM3G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Marvis Toothpaste Flavor Collection Gift Set</a>&nbsp;to try them all. I was surprised how much I liked the Jasmine and Licorice, particularly (I hate licorice), and none of them are bad. I use them for travel now that I've picked my favorite, and they last a surprisingly long time - much longer than the travel tubes of Colgate.
My mom has a bunch of products for various parts of her face, including makeup removers and non-soap skin cleansers.  She is very pleased that one product does such a thorough yet gentle job of handling this necessary task.  She's never had a better one!
468	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff! Makes my skin flawless! I use the concealer and the foundation and it lasts all day long! I use a moisturizer and a primer before I apply and use a setting spray.
2826	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This facial cleanser is amazing. I haven't noticed a single acne mark since I started using it. It also cools your face down as an aftershave as well. Your face is left feeling clean and cool after use. I highly reccomend this product.
1377	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place.
5125	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great item
6570	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for a year and I still love it.  I originally bought it on a cruise and my acne doesn't come back and my skin looks so healthy that people made comments after I lost 40 pounds and a lot of it showed in my face.  I look healthy they say... That's so cool.  I believe in this product and will continue to use it.
4609	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I wanted to like this product. I tried it a couple times, but I just can't use it any more. It's got great ingredients and did make my skin soft and for that I give it the 2 stars. For me though, first of all, I really didn't like the scent. I'm not sure what it was about it that didn't please me, but it certainly didn't smell good to my nose. Secondly, the moisturizer felt really heavy and slithery on my skin and felt like it didn't absorb very well.


4365	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all Pevonia products!  I wish I could afford the entire line.  I have oily, sensitive and transitioning skin...what I mean is, I now have a heavy workout and diet change and am in my mid 30's. So, my face experienced a terrible out of control break out.  Though this didn't clear my skin my, it also did not irritate it any further and I am just happy for that.  I like to take a small amount and mix with one drop of tea tree oil and wear daily under my makeup.  The tea tree oil mixed with the botanicles in this moisturizer hydrate my skin well while keeping it bacteria free.
I love this pencil...and the little sharpener that comes with it is a nice bonus.
5578	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
8422	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I expected another type of mask but this one is ok!
1013	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this color. It's a slightly cool, bright pink.  It is also very buildable.  The first swipe is pretty light, but you can get a really intense color.  It also lasts well.  On my best day, it lasted through the entirety of my work day, including a meal and a cup of coffee.  You can easily go four hours with minimal fading.
8758	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works fantastic and feels great!



All in all it's a great set, perhaps next time I'll try the scented version.
6611	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	EXCELLENT curling iron.  My hairstylist at Aveda uses this curling iron, and recommended it to achieve loose curls/beach waves.  I have very fine shiny hair which is usually difficult to curl. With a bit of Kenra 25 hairspray my curls last all day! I would recommend this to anyone with healthy hair. (if your hair is brittle be sure to use a heat protectant and turn down the heat setting)
9970	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.


Thats how good their whole line of products gets five stars
I also used as setting powder, which is an absolute must, in my opinion.
7985	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Toppik and am always happy with the results.  It lasts a long time and I use it daily.  I received it ahead of schedule and it was packaged well.

2368	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	excellent product, I recommend it, it would buy
It left my skin so soft, no residue, no dryness at all. It has a slight scent but nothing too heavy.
1036	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	beautifully packaged and would make a wonderful gift for any new mother. i have all the large sizes of the individual items included in this set and have used mustela products for both my toddler  (since my toddler was a newborn) and current newborn
Must love the scent of almond and like the feeling of oil .
9187	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm. Put a dab on at night and in the morning pimple is all nice and dried up. Love it

Very nice, and whatever you can say about nail polish.
Freshly shaved skin shows no signs redness or irritation. I can maneuver around the knees and ankles with no nicks.
7767	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dermatoligist recommended for older skin & wrinkles. I love it, used over year & wouldn't use anything else. Love it!
45	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Calvin Klein ck one is a scent that I first tried about 15 years ago when I was a teenager. I loved the scent then and I still like it now. It is Unisex which means it can be used by Men as a cologne or by Women as a perfume. I tried it and so did my Husband. I personally liked it better on me. His cologne that he wears is a lot stronger and more masculine. The ck one fell a little flat in comparison. I do love it as a perfume though. It smells sweet on my skin and the violets, jasmine and Lilly scents really shine through.
The active ingredients in Coola Cucumber Sunscreen are Avobenzone (2%) and Octinoxate (2.1%).
37	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very pleasant fragrance and last all day.
3331	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love OPI products. Small bottle but powerdul stuff. What usually takes several cotton balls and lots of rubbing took about 2 and the majority of the polish came off with very little effort.
5302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT.
3923	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	So I have to preface this by stating that we've been using a specific type of body wash for awhile, but I'm always willing to give another one a try. I was hopeful that this body wash would be as good as what I was using - unfortunately, it isn't. It does smell good, that's for sure, but I wasn't able to get a good lather and what lather I did get didn't last very long. We've been using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Neutrogena-Rainbath-Gel-Original-16-Ounce/dp/B000052ZBD/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Neutrogena Rainbath Gel, Original, 16  Ounce</a>&nbsp;and I can easily say that the Neutrogena gel is much more enjoyed in our house.

4787	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I always have ingrown hair on my neck which usually leads to razor rash. I wasn't exactly sure how to apply this product, but it was just as simple as putting it on after the shave. My neck feels so much better after applying it, and somehow it really helps with the ingrown hair issues between shaves. Who would have thought?!?!  Well played, Anthony!
Don't use too much , a little goes a long way (for me, anyway). Good product!
I use other Vichy products and like the brand.
The unscented is nice so that I can add the essential oil of my choice to  my  handful of lotion and have a variety of different scents on different days.
I like this product a lot.  It is easy to apply.  The dispenser is easy to use and dispenses the proper amount with one push.  A little goes a long way.  One push provides enough to apply to under, above, and to the sides of my eyes.

8348	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this product. I had been searching for a face wash to suit my rosacea skin but nothing quite hit the mark. During a visit to New York, I visited the Mario Badescu store and had a consultation with one of the specialists there. She immediately identified my rosacea and associates cuperose and recommended this face wash. I  and after a consultation at
3813	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I keep this in the shower and use it along with my rotating cleansing brush and I will never use any other cleanser on my face again because it works great and doesn't dry out my face. Great product and great product line.
2802	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Zwilling J.A. Henckels Ultra-Slim Nail Clipper do an excellent job. The construction and design of these clippers make it that they take up a  very minimal amount of space. Per following the illustrated instructions on the packaging my husband and I were able to figure out how to properly wield these for trimming finger and toenails. You simply slide the top part toward you to unlock it, then push that part all the way away from you, and then back toward you again to put the clippers into a cutting position. Closing the clippers is just as easy as opening them, once you get the hang of it.

If you are near a store that carries it, it might be more productive to go in and see the colors on your skin before buying and see what works best for you.  Then, for future purchase do it online where it might be less expensive.
127	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Beautiful color, easy formula, with 2 coats for full opaqueness, and as a bonus, NO STAINING!
This is a small, 2 oz bottle, but a little goes a long way. A small dot is all I need to apply to my entire face. It is thick, creamy, and has a very light scent. It feels a little greasy when it goes on, but it is quickly absorbed. Without makeup, it leaves my skin with a glowing look. And while I use makeup sparingly, it works well under makeup as a base and lasts all day.

6220	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have noticed smoother, clearer skin. Great product.
2501	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I WISH IT HAD MORE COVERAGE
5868	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice polish, high quality.  Be advised that the color is very "quiet" and unassuming, a perfect neutral.  The gold flecks add gloss, but you can't see them on their own.
8961	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	None better than a Hot Tools curling iron
7395	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this. Has saved my skin that gets so dry from retin a. I mix two pumps with my BB cream and mix and apply with a sponge for such flawless coverage. Life long addicted to this. So refreshing from the peppermint. My skin is insanely sensitive and I break out easily but have had zero issues. Love this.
Beyond that, it's nice to have everything together in one kit so you kind of have a whole instant skin care regime going. That's particularly helpful because if you're using products you bought separately, it's easy to overdo it and end up irritating your skin with too much medication. I'd say that if you haven't already ruled out salicylic acid as a good option, this is worth a try.
2862	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It works great if love this product
I have pale skin, with mild breakouts, sensitive skin.
Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.
2603	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was introduced to Chi Silk Infusion through my hair stylist. This is a miracle hair product I am African American with semi thin hair I think I have 4c or 4 b hair.
If you want a gentle cleanser that leaves your
9727	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a lovely, delicate fragrance.  Many floral perfumes I find to be a bit sweet, but this has a nice soft balance.  It is called "sheer" and it really is.  If you like a bold fragrance or want a sexy nightime fragrance, this is not it.  This is a very soft sort of clean smell when you just want the slightest hint of fragrance.  I even like to wear it to bed for something not overpowering but just a nice smell to sleep with
The answer is "quite a bit" actually. This product, another winner from OPI, blazes through polish removal in a flash. You may pay more initially, but I think that you also use less with this stuff - so it helps to even out the cost. Plus, it is much faster than 'drugstore' brand I think. As far as if it dries out my nails more or less? Well, it seemed to be less harmful, but perhaps that was just all in my head? I don't know about that exactly, but I do know that I am a convert to this polish remover!
1252	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	makes my hair look full
Plus, I should add this important note: M + G offers as close and invigorating a shave as the famous Kiehl's White Eagle cream, but M + G has one clear advantage: it rinses much easier and cleaner from the razor.


650	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great exfolient
the price has something to do with this but it is not the Toppik brand and does not work as well.
More tips on application: like straightening or curling, you need to apply a little bit to sections of your hair. So I'll section off a part around my crown, sprinkle in the powder and really pat it around with my fingers. Do that with the next section. Sometimes I do get overzealous and put on too much. Either way, I use a brush at the end to better distribute the powder.  Sometimes I do this so carefully and it takes enough time that I wonder why I didn't just wash my hair.. but it's still worth it. Oh and I cannot stress that this is minimal residue! That's my favorite part about it.

1222	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
They say the powder will fix makeup and prevent transfer for up to 16 hrs (I've tried for about 8 at a stretch and it works). However, there are two issues that made me knock off a star: 1) applying it to two full legs, over makeup, is messy! You could stand on an old towel I guess. I have a large bathtub so I sit on one side with my legs over the tub and put it on. When done, I can flush the speckles of dropped powder down the drain using the handheld shower nozzle. 2) It's kind of hard to get off! My best bet is to get in the shower at the end of the day and scrub my legs with body wash on a brush, or rough facecloth.
5455	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is excellent after-shave balm.  It is gentle & has a very light fragrance (barely there, citrus/lemon/lime).  It absorbs easily and soothes the skin.  A little bit goes a long way.

4508	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got this in the smaller bottle and it seems to work just fine.  It doesn't feel as harsh as most toners and astringents but I don't like it having a fragrance at all.  My husband likes it and I use it on him everyday however.  It doesn't irritate his skin and he likes to think he's getting it just a little cleaner.  The skin does feel soft and clean after we use this product.  It doesn't feel like it is stripped, just soft and clean.  With oily skin I don't mind that feeling though.  My husband also has extremely oily skin so we hope by continuing to use this daily it will help with the effects of that. So far, no irritation, just a clean feel and I will update if I see a marked improvement in my husband's problem areas.  The 3.8 ounce is a small bottle and I would probably just go with a larger one if you're sure you will use it.
6715	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a hot tools fanatic- this big barrel is great for loose waves.
This works well with serums underneath it, or alone.  It's also a good under makeup moisturizer.  I have not found that it reacts with my makeup to cause piling or shorter wear time.  All that is one of the reasons it is my favorite.
8720	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my 2nd bottle of this body wash,it's the only thing I've found that keeps my chest & back clear!

4127	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I was really enjoying this until it got clogged after less than one month of use. I tried multiple ways to get it cleaned out but ended up ditching it. I just shake the bottle close to my head and it works fine.
3395	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my go-to color when I'm in a rush to paint my nails.  Very pretty and simple especially if you put a sheer white as your base color.
8747	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love MB products, and count on their uniform quality. this shampoo is great. smells wonderful and rinses cleanly. a staple in my routine.
Container not as airtight as should be
9425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is the clenziderm face wash cleared my skin
This is a very well designed razor, nicely chromed, smooth action, and well balanced.
4)  Only requires a dime- to nickel-sized dab, depending on how long and how voluminous your hair is.  More is actually not a good idea.  Causes less shine and less softness in my case.
I liked using it as a cleanser better.  It goes on very smooth and washes off nicely (no filmy feeling on your skin).  You can get it in your eyes without any stinging, which is nice for those with sensitive eyes.  However, my issue with this sort of use was that it didn't do a good job washing off my makeup...especially my eye makeup.  I ended up having to either wash with this 3 or 4 times or use my Acure facial scrub followed with this cleanser to actually get my foundation off.  Eye makeup was just a no go; this did not remove eye makeup at all.


6290	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really love this lotion! It's light and absorbs quickly, but does a great job moisturizing, And while I often get unscented products because I find the regular versions have odors that are too strong for my taste, this has a light, gardenia-like fragrance that I adore. I'm definitely going to try other products from this company.


9929	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. I have used this white variety in conjunction with the green preshave (menthol and eucalyptus), as well as by itself. I found that it loads the shaving brush with lather as quickly as the other Proraso soaps, which is to say that you'll have all the soap you need in the brush within 30 seconds. Note that you will have to soak your shaving brush for a few minutes to make this happen. I found that blooming the soap was of limited utility, as this isn't a hard soap puck, but rather more like a stiff cream.

1153	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great, it's a great night time moisturizer and it's helping my complexion along with the other PCA products I am using
6601	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect base for applying and setting makeup.  Adds a burst of moisture that helps keep liquids and powders in place and looking natural.  The rose scent is wonderful as well.
5634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Performs as advertised
4382	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I haven't had the best of luck with sunless tanners in the past, mainly because I have dry skin and it always seems to "stick" to the drier parts of my body and looks blotchy.  But, I love a good sunkissed glow without the sun so I gave this a shot.
9677	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This hand cream is true to its claims, it is fast absorbing and there's no greasy residue after use. I didn't have any problems opening doors or bottles etc after using this lotion. It's very gently scented (if it does have any almond oil or any similar ingredient) I can't detect it in the scent.

No scent and no flavor.
3080	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm savvy enough to realize there is never going to be a wrinkle cream that truly takes off the years or erases wrinkles/lines.  However, I'm also vain enough to try anything new to just in case I'm wrong.  I have to admit that this is not a miracle cream, but I feel like when I apply this cream (I'm only using it on the neck area) that there seems to be just a touch more suppleness than prior to applying.  There are two things I don't love about the product, and the only reason I didn't give five stars.  First, the smell is rather strong.  It doesn't stink, but it reminds me of something an older female relative used to wear, and I can't quite place it, maybe something like an old Estee Lauder type of face lotion.  The other thing I don't love (but isn't keeping me from using it morning and night) is that is takes a rather long time to absorb, leaving my neck just a touch sticky, but it does eventually go away.  I think applying lightly is the key to this not being too big of a problem.
3385	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is so pretty, even on my skin tone, which is super duper pale. Be aware though: It takes like 5 coats to get a really opaque look.
6834	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you have hormonal acne which is stubborn....buy this!!! Any kind of acne, really. I've not seen a product like this nor have I seen this fast of a result.
If you are like me that really has an aversion to the smell of most sun screens, you are in luck. I can barely smell anything from this product. I've bought cheap and expensive brands before, other than my previous one sun block, this is the 2nd product I've found that really has little or no smell.
Over slightly moist skin
It feels just like regular shaving creme on your skin. It softens hair and it softens skin.  The fragrance is pleasing too. Overall a good shaving creme but not so much so that it was a different experience from other cremes.
3399	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice color!
2932	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product does do a decent job at making your hair/skin smoother before a shave.  But you can also achieve the same result (and not spend $35) by just shaving right after you shower.
7801	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has never bought any product to help with the after shaving woes. He tried this product after a recent shave and declared it a miracle worker. This after-shave treatmentt helped soothe his irritated skin and did so without any burning feeling. He said his skin felt refreshed and on the road to feeling normal again. The product was non-greasy and alcohol-free which sounds like a great combo to me. We also both loved that it is fragrance free. I just might be stealing a bit of this product if I ever need it.
Here is a twist, I was rushing out of the house and decided to use a dab of the Baxter product on my hands. A little went a long way and left my hands smooth, moisturized and not greasy. Probably not the designed use (especially when you consider the cost) but it worked very well on my hands. I guess skin is skin!


5196	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Well it feels nice :) But I have very sensitive skin and it made me break out right away...first night. I wish I could use it...smells great, feels great...but pimples :)
Wetshaving soon became the search for the perfect shave. Trying to get a balance between a smooth well groomed face, and no irritation. In fact, as many can attest, it soon became an obsession. Over the last few years I have tried dozens of different razors, shaving creams,  pre-shave oils,shaving bowls, badger brushes, aftershave balms and lotions, to find the perfect shave. I have bought everything from the highest end shaving creams at thirty or forty dollars a jar, to five dollar shave soaps. Having said all of that, Proraso is my favorite cream of all. It is an Italian produced cream that is very well respected by those who are "shaving gourmets."


5582	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
2037	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color if you are fond of the new green colors. Shipment fast and I am satisfied with this seller.
9255	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product!  There is a very, very light fragrance and the product is smooth with no grit.  The directions advise to leave on for 10 minutes and I would agree t=with that timing.  After application it slowly starts to tingle, and it rinses off easily.  After my face felt soft and looked brighter.  LOVE THAT!
8815	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this cleanser!

I've been using it for about 3 years and cannot tell you how much it has done for my self esteem.  If it weren't for Toppik, I would have to be wearing full wigs by now but with a few sprinkles of Toppik after I do my hair and just before I put a final spray on and head out the door.


2349	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm not sure it really does anything to enhance my lips, but I love it as a lip gloss. It does a great job of giving me moisture that lasts for several hours.


8285	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Butter London has once again met and exceeded all my expectations. This polish color is just as vibrant as it appears. Butter London's colors are always rich and beautiful in person. All what I really love about their nail polish is the fact that is doesn't have any of the horrible smells that many of the other brands have because they cut out those chemicals. The polish doesn't destroy the nail like many other products and is always easy to remove and applies smoothly and thickly. Two coats is perfect. If you haven't tried their polish before I highly recommend it!

Update: I received the new Hot Tools 1" iron with gold finish, and yes it worked much better for my hair than this one. Made curls that would go in the direction (under or flipped) I intended, and they last longer.
1913	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great polish and received a lot sooner than estimated, very satisfied!
Over patted dry skin
The price listed here seems steep, but this soap bar isn't soft and oozy. It doesn't melt like ordinary soap. This seems fairly typical of specialty soaps; they last longer and don't leave a lot of soapy residue
3661	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	On the hunt for a go to self-tanner, my top rated pick has been St Tropez brand, particularly the mousse formulas.  I was impressed that XEN-TAN's Intense Mousse in Medium/Dark has the same ease of application, quick dry time and believable olive toned color as St. Tropez.

697	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This shampoo has a pretty strong, minty smell. It's very refreshing and gets the hair very clean. I've been able to use this in conjunction with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Baxter-of-California-Daily-Moisturizing-Conditioner-10-fl-oz/dp/B000P0R1KM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Baxter of California Daily Moisturizing Conditioner, 10 fl. oz.</a>, and I've had nothing but good hair days. So far, after about two weeks of use, my hair feels full and is very easy to style. The shampoo pumps out nicely, goes through the hair easily, and leaves me feeling refreshed and ready-to-go. I could see how the strong, minty smell might be a bit much for some, but it rinses out quickly and leaves a light sent. Overall, this is a pretty good combination, and I will continue to use these going forward.

3047	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is amazing if you are farmiliar with the texture. I have been using oil cleasing for a while so I have become customed to pre-washing with a more cleaning "soap" before using the oil cleansers because they really do not remove everything if you wear makeup. With that in mind if you're looking for a squeeky clean cleanser this is probably not for you. It has a rich almost lotion like quality to it and adds back moisture to your skin. If you pre-wash like me or don't wear makeup this will be ideal. My skin has improved greatly in texture and I have had far less breakouts and splotchieness. I also use the Toleraine riche cream which is epic!
1658	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing neon pink that stands out and screams "look how awesome i am!" Perfect neon with the amazing Essie quality
It's a lot of work and I have new respect for the psychosis my girlfriend goes through to look so good all the time but I just don't know that I could do this on a regular basis. Maybe every few days but I don't know about regular use, it's just too much work... That and half my face is beard anyway so it's not like people have much skin to look at. Though I will say under the eyes it does help, so I may just stick with that area over night.
Baxter of California After Shave Balm is expensive, but if you want a product that will make your face feel and look good after shaving it is worth its added cost.

The application isn't as impressive. The brush doesn't fan out like my favorite nail polishes. It goes on very thick. If you put it next to other brands of nail polish (e.g., Essie, Butter London), you can see the difference - Zoya tends to look a bit more sloppy.
1954	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A friend and I saw this polish on Pinterest but couldn't find it anywhere.  We were so happy to see it on Amazon.  It is an awesome neutral color for any time during the year, as well as any occasion.  You can top with a touch of sparkle for a fancier event!
How effective is this Vichy cleanser? The first night I tried it, I had a temporary tattoo on my face, which I tried to scrub off with my usual non-oil facial cleanser in the shower. I got maybe half of it. Applied the Vichy, a little water, massaged it for a few seconds, and all traces of tattoo were zapped.
This collection is a relative bargain for Baxter of Cali. It would probably be best appreciated by someone who still has oily skin
6423	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love it

5324	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love love this product
This is a creamy roll-up stick cover product which does the job without rubbing off too much. I love the idea of having a smooth body-skin look as with the generous tube of the wonderful, and long-lasting Dermablend Professional Leg and Body Make-Up; however, Im mentioning this Quick Fix product first as Im partial to a more natural, yet youthful, look, only working with the blemishes and letting the natural skins still show through.  This is my personal preference.  It isn't quite going to be looking as flawlessly airbrushed overall as with the full body make-up, yet it is the product I will use first; especially during the day. I love it.
You may find this cream useful if you have a cut or scratch. Your skin will heal much faster than normal. I noticed this before I really looked at the ingredients.
3669	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	It's meant to help make my hair lustrous but I can't put this on because IT SMELLS SO BAD! Just yuck  !

5364	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	After a thyroid cancer scare, I am left with a red surgical scar that runs across the center of my throat. Its faded as much as its going to at this point and is something Ive learned to accept. At the same time, its in a place that can lead to some awkward speculation when someone notices it.
But something about Baxter's Night Cream AHA is bothering my eyes, causing unusual dryness and minor stinging.  This happens even though I apply the product far, FAR from my eyes and even if I just put it on the back of my hand.
5588	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Makes the spot you are covering look dry and dull.  Not a natural look. I will not buy this again.

721	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT Stuff!! Love using it bought some for my nephew also!! It works Great!! Makes Think hair look much thicker!
1291	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have not been disappointed at all.
6327	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	i love this stuff, however they trick you by putting it into a canister with a raised bottom so it appears there is alot more in there than reality - don't be tricky - !

8754	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this product!  Very effective.
What is not unscented is the brush. It may be pure badger, but when wet it smelled like 100% horse. It stank. It was not pleasant, and without a scent in this set to offset it was awful to use. Hopefully the scent will dissipate with use, since it does feel nice, soft and works the lather into a nice foam.
5785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff. This is my favorite of the La Roche-Posay Effaclar collection that I've purchased. I love the cream version of the cleanser over the gel version (which I've also tried). It really works and definitely seems to help clear up my skin! Just a little dab goes a long way, so this tube will be lasting me a long time.
I would definitely recommend Toppik to anyone.
7618	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This PCA pHaze 1 Facial Wash for oily skin is the best I've ever used.  It cleans thoroughly and does not leave your skin feeling uncomfortable.  The PCA line of skin care is very good.  I have used several of their products and have had good results.
8158	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was really excited to try this product because of all the good reviews on it, but I was really disappointed. I get horribly dry lips if I'm not careful enough and I read on sites and heard tons of great reviews for this product. Now, this may just be from the color of the Guava flavor, but when I applied it to my lips it made them look even drier. However the product itself, ignoring the color, did not improve my chapped lips at all. I'm still trying to use it and see if it works better on lips that aren't dry, but so far I'm having the same issue.
3	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks!!
Don't forget whatever you do to use sunscreen always. Or this is all for nothing. ;)
otherwise, great product.
5825	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Doubtful of authenticity think it's fake
8938	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the smell!



4249	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It would be an understatement to say I really like this perfume a lot. I was surprised that my wife thinks the aroma is a little strong in her opinion. However, that's the way I prefer it because my sense of smell isn't as sensitive as a lot of people. But I absolutely do know when I like an aroma or conversely don't like it. I don't have a clue where or how to start to describe the sensation or the aroma.  All I can say is I really, really like it a lot.  And I've spent a considerable amount of money on perfumes for my wife and I can honestly say this is the best ever.  Even perfumes triple this price don't smell anywhere near this good in my opinion and I've spent that much in times past.
8135	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Your skin feels extremely clean. You don't need to use much to have a nice thick foam. I love it!!
4556	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These pads are one of the single best values in mens care you can buy.  You get 60 of them for about $21.  What you don't realize until you get them is that they are HUGE.  The picture makes you think of a Stridex (or similar) package.  These pads are easily 2 times bigger than your normal round facial pads.  In fact, they are so big that what I do is keep scissors in the bathroom and cut them in half.  A half of one of these is as big as a normal pad and will easily do your whole face.  You can essentially double the value by doing this.
I hope you try it and put your own review up about what a difference it made for you!
2044	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The color was a lot darker than I had expected. It reminds me of Sally Hasen's Brick Wall, which I already have.

Crest, in their infinite wisdom, has just discontinued my favorite fluoride toothpaste, Vanilla Mint. It was the only fluoride toothpaste without an oppressively sharp or metallic minty flavor. So I'm switching to the fluoride-free Marvis line. (I also use Ginger Mint occasionally for a change of pace). If you're in doubt about brushing with flowery flavors, look for the small tube, also sold on Amazon -- but do try it out.
909	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good
9874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	UPDATE - 06/03/2015. I also just tried a Feather blade with this razor. The first shave was great and very smooth, the second - not so much. I am thinking that the Feathers are a one-shave blade. But if you are afraid that this razor + Feather = suicide - relax, you'll be fine :)
I have a few requirements in a perfume.  It can't enter a room before me or stay behind when I leave, and it has to have a pleasant scent.
7891	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!




The smell and consistency is exactly the same as I remember Noxzema cleansing cream from my teenage acne days and is the best way to describe this fine product.
2064	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I ordered "The More The Merrier" and I really enjoy the color. Essie quality is great about 99% of the time, so you can't really go wrong. Stays on well, for about a week.
2573	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this face scrub daily, in the shower, prior to shaving.  It is the best face scrub I've ever used.
9204	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This works really well, burns like Hell when you first use it (I have sensitive white girl skin). My skin has adjusted, and this seems to work well. Most of my acne only lasts two-three days when I put this on them over night. HATE washing this off in the morning though, literally have to scrub it out of my facial hair. Make sure you're reading the instructions and DON'T SHAKE IT.


9280	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product and I received it very quickly.
170	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color.
I washed my feet, dried them,and applied a small amount on each foot up to the ankle, massaging gently. I put on a pair of clean cotton socks and went to bed. When I woke up the next morning, the itching and dryness was gone as were the cracked heels.

2086	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This looks amazing in sunlight -- it's not quite a neon but it's definitely bright and noticeable. I love this color because I've been looking for a bright bubblegum pink, and this is perfect! The formula is typical Essie - kinda gloopy and thick - but not too bad.

4. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SMOOTH LIQUID CAMO MEDIUM COVER FOUNDATION!! (25 SPF):
648	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice exfoliant!  It doesn't leave my skin red or irritated - a great compliment to the rest of the PCA line.
4510	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this stuff. I have slight oily skin and this kind of balances it out. It smells good and leaves your skin feeling soft and clean after using it. After my face dries I still apply a night time cream. It really cleans well too. There's a lot of more expensive cleansers out there but I'm very happy with this one and at a much better price.

4039	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am happy with this product.  I do not see it taking off eye make-up as with the blue liquid from the same brand; though it really clarified my skin after use when I had foundation on.
Also, the leather pouch that it comes with is incredibly stiff, and it is a real effort to jam the clipper into it.  It does loosen up a bit with use (I've had mine about six months now), but the quality of the pouch is not as high as the clipper.
3260	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jack black sells the best men's products I have ever owned. They may be pricey but they are worth it. My lips never burn and are always moisturized with this product.
5387	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is definitely sticky and takes a while to absorb but definitely prevents breakouts. Speeds up the healing of the existing ones too, especially when paired with a salicylic acid drying treatment.
7836	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I originally got this for my 23 yr. old son that still lives at home. He has very sensitive skin, and has to be very careful what shaving cream he uses, because most of them make his face break out. This does not have that affect on him. He loves how it feels on his face. It is a little more expensive, but it's worth the price if he can use it without having it irritate his skin. You only need a little, because it foams up very nicely. I've even used it on my legs, and I love how soft it makes my skin feel. I will be buying this from now on.
5748	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice pomade. It is not the greasy, waxy pomade of old, but an easy to wash out product that does not dry out or get hard. The smell is light.
4577	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband was a little leery of using a gel, instead of a foaming cream.  However, once he had tried this, he immediately threw away his old shave cream.  He used to get cream in his ears - no more.  He gets a lovely, smooth shave.
(I don't wear eye makeup so I can't vouch for that.)
8651	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Today was my lucky day.  Last week I went to a Dermatologist for the first time in my life.  He wasted no time in telling me what he saw and out the door he went.  What he said was mostly good....like the skin on my face was in great shape and condition for my age, BUT I certainly hadn't paid the same attention to my back, legs and arms.  On this, he stated I really needed to get a good moisturizer for my body, preferably one with Vitamin E in it.  I figured I had enough bottles of lotion at home I could use and could wait until I'd used them all up before buying something else.
313	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color! Chips faster than previous bottles but still love it!
6951	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE LOVE LOVE the Abba moisture hair products line. Leaves my hair smelling wonderful for days, I also get compliments on how soft my hair feels!
9584	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My all-time favorite facial sunscreen!  Love this!
The stuff is not waterproof and will come out if you get your head soaked.
2631	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Smelled this in Details and had to get it. Not too floral, strong manly scent, good for a Friday/Saturday night out.
2322	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	it's a little thick, but a small amount goes a long way. it will keep the oils off your face for a while but don't be surprised if you have to reapply later on. perfect when you go out at night when spf is not a necessity. will look at other products though to compare, but i would buy this again.
* The color is a perfect match for my skin.

- for a combination skin, which gets too dry in winter, this works well.
1117	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I got this to 'set' my liquid makeup, but this just doesn't work. It cakes up quickly and it doesn't set my face at all
2306	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great base coat. I always have issues with my paint chipping and this base coat along with a top coat keeps my polish on much longer. Very happy with product.
I really like this product except for the smell. I'm awfully sensitive I should say, and the odor of this product really puts me off. For that reason, I won't be ordering more. And it's a shame because it really works. :(
1696	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Essie nail polish usually impresses me, but this polish does not last more than a couple days. I would be very surprised if it was real Essie.
9485	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't think of any other way to describe Baxter's Cassis candle than to call it "dry." It's not bad, not bad at all. I would actually consider it to be excellent. It's not overpowering but does have great reach. It filled my large living room with its scent nearly instantaneously. About that scent ... anything that you smell that is sweet is nearly secondary, what comes out the strongest is the fir. It has an appealing warm acidic smell that reminds me of the dry pith of an orange skin. The candle claims to last 70 hours. And this may be the case, soy based candles have a longer burn. I do find Baxter's candles to be a bit on the high end in terms of pricing. But there series of candles have to be amongst the best scented candles I have ever smelled.
2584	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for years, I use it only once or twice a week, but is is very effective.  I recommend it.
457	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Yeah, I guess this is primarily a feminine product, but I'm an 84 yea4 old guy and I find that this wonders for camouflauging my wrinkles/  The color is right on my old skin, neither too dark nor too light.  What's more, it leaves my face feeling refreshed.  So you old guys like me will find this a very good creme to be used on your face.
6109	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is useful as it described.
922	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Seems to help a little. Very liquidy though. Be careful or way too much comes out.
2695	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow, love this product. It's easy to use, adds some colour and keeps your brows in place at the same time! Foolproof.
Normally when I use a night time facial cream that moisturizes, my face will end up looking like a grease pit in the morning -- but not with this cream. I have combination, oily with dry areas, skin and I occasionally breakout, but experienced no adverse reaction to this cream; it left my skin feeling nicely hydrated and soft.
Tried the peel a few times, didn't seem to do much, but it might just be really light.
It leaves my face feeling fresh and clean. It has a very light fragrance that is pleasant and not overbearing.
speaking of which, i'm going to take off a star due to the lack of definitive info on whether or not the product line is 'animal tested' - we try not to buy products, especially cosmetics that are tested using animals (not a good thing)
I want to point out to you something that I consider VERY important.  Have you ever seen someone on TV who has a face that looks ashen or gray?  Have you ever seen someone in a photo whose hands look peachy pink, or beautiful chocolate brown, yet their face looks like they have ashy dirty makeup on?
Side Note:  She does have problems with facial blemishes from time to time, so I will report that if she feels it is the fault of this product, but as of now she says she is not worried that could happen.
4055	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	For some reason, mascara does not like to come off of my lashes. I wash, I dab, I wipe, I scrub and still wake up the next morning with raccoon eyes (no, those aren't bags under there). This works incredibly well and is much gentler than me rubbing my eyes or using petroleum jelly to get the remains of the mascara off. Plus, you can use it as a simple face cleanser, too. No muss, no fuss.


2974	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	There's something exceedingly sexy about the ritual of old-school shaving - the attention to detail, the commitment to spend more than the time it takes to swipe an electric shaver over your chin and cheeks.  It conjures up a hero from a Jane Austen novel, knife-sharp cheekbones, long sideburns, a snowy white cravat.  Sigh.

1022	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	What a treasure box! This is great for new parents or those that are still learning a year later. We are still using a lot of these toiletries on our little one and it's great to know we have some in reserve, thus we are not going to run out and have to bundle baby up to go to the store yet again. The items are in the box very securely and it's such a great box to keep little onesies and rattles in that you don't feel like you can part with anytime soon.
Toppik has completely changed my life. It's not perfect but look at it like makeup. It covers up just enough so that if you didn't tell people they wouldn't know. I have confided in 2 or 3 close friends that I started using it and asked if they saw any difference. They said "That stuff is F--- AMAZING!" If you have thinning or balding hair, scalp issues to cover up it's worth the money.
7333	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Both my husband and I have used this product for a few weeks now, so I could see how it works for our different skin. Yes, I know it says "for men" but, despite the set's insert explaining that men have thicker, oilier skin that needs non-lady like care, I think skin is skin.
Granted, all these products of a great quality. My husband loves the feel of his soft and smooth skin after his shaves. The scent (lavender) is very sophisticated, light and soothing (no AXE and Old Spice-like fragrance overload hear). He overall enjoys the whole shaving experience, even though it does take extra time over his usual routine.
The Moisturizer....Also very similar to the Cetaphil moisturizer
7356	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	On the whole, being born blonde is a fabulous blessing.  My only teensy, tiny, wee complaint is that I have super light eyebrows that literally disappear when I have my picture taken with a flash.  It's creepy, actually.  They're super pale - I am talking Casper pale.
7281	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't do anything for me - didn't change the appearance of my pores at all.
Like most Dermablend products, the Cover Crme line is pricey, but it is a very nice cream foundation.  It wears exceptionally well, stays put, and also cleans up pretty easy with water, soap, and wipes.  Even though Dermablend recommends using a setting powder, I find it holds up very well for hours without it.
5897	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Too thick to apply properly.  Wouldn't buy again.
I tested this many times in disbelief, but time and again, this cleansing water just pulls out more dirt from my face after washed it every other cleanser I have.
9541	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Not to be a buzz-kill to the all natural front as I know there are some die-hards out there, but in the case of this wash it is just too overpriced for something that does very little. Yes, it seems to be non-drying and non-irritating to sensitive/oily skin, BUT so are products like Basis or Cetaphil - both common washes that dermatologists typically recommend because they too are gentle and non-irritating, and c-h-e-a-p-e-r. But to each his/her own. This wash will not expunge all of the makeup and dirt - you will have to use a towelette or pre-wash before you wash with this in order to get everything off your face. Or you may have to consider a toner of some kind after in order to eliminate any remaining makeup residue. Like another reviewer said, it's like water. There isn't much to it. Smells ok, lemon-esk to me. Otherwise, it isn't praise-worthy to me.
5526	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	like
It seems like it will work well, and I've already noticed a difference in the bumps on my face and chest since I started using this.
324	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I  feel pretty confident of my ability to put top coat on my nails.  But for whatever reason this polish bubbles up on my nails.  I was looking for so much more in this product.

I prefer pressed powder as it's easer to apply and reapply during the day. It doesn't control the oil but initial look is good, not cakey and pores look smaller.


This is quite gentle.  It foams when you rub it against your face, and it does a good job of removing dirt and oil without drying out your skin.  It rinses off cleanly, as well.  So as a cleanser, it's quite good.
* Solid Warrantee
5896	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, smooth applying color.

4724	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	made my hair soooooo dry and stiff. felt awful.
I am a young woman, and without this product I would probably go back to feeling  very self -conscience and uncomfortable in public.
194	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great color, applies easily but does not last as long as gel as advertised. Removes easily with polish remover.
I'd highly recommend!  This color is GORGEOUS and easy to apply.
840	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my 87 year old dad. I want him to use things that is gentle to his skin but is thorough in cleaning his hair and skin. Nice fresh scent is a bonus!!!
4259	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it
If I use a sponge applicator it will ruin one purpose of it for me which is to cover varying imperfections; and when I apply it with smoothing dabs it appears blended, and I really find out how radiant and thorough a cover cream make-up can be.  It has alone a bit of chroma to it, as does Dermablend Pro Smooth Liquid Camo Medium Cover Foundation (25 SPF),  in my opinion, unlike many other cover products I have used. Alone, they gleam in the light more than my other cover make-ups, without chalkiness.  Very nice.
I guess that's really all I have to say. So, for the price, I would not buy this product. Read the other reviews though, this may be just personal preference.
My hair has a lot of natural curl and tends to get frizzy, especially when the humidity is high.
1995	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I am not a fan of this polish.  It has a relatively dull finish and take 3-4 coats to effectively coat the nail.  I would not recommend that other people purchase this polish.
1129	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Item as described, quick to ship and an overall good experience. Will shop and do business with again. Thank you for a smooth transaction.
In the end, I like pretty much everything about this.  I'm going off to look at more Zoya duochromes now!
5978	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Was hoping this was gonna be great but was let down   this eye cream was really hard for my skin to absorb and then it dried out my eye area so much my skin started to get irritated and flake off  don't bother trying it youall just waste $ and regret it. I have a whole jar left so maybe Ill try using this as a neck cream ...
6647	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	2 thumbs up.
6252	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is useful as it described.
4289	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. My aesthetician recomended this serum during one of my facials and I noticed the difference in my skin as soon as I started using it. I srtuggle with acne and this really helps me control it. My pores also look smaller. I loved the product so much that I decided to try more PCA products. I used to get facials regularly but now I have no need. The PCA products can be pricey but a little goes a long way. My serum last over 3months(I use it daily day and night). I now use the BPO cleanser, the Nutrient Toner, the A&C serum, and clear skin moisturizer. My skin has never looked better I get compliments all the time.
8653	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice and light shampoo, it doesn't leave a greasy feel in your hair like the shampoos on the market today. I have fine hair and was struggling to find something that wouldn't weigh it down, this is it, it rinses right out that my hair squeaks, back in the day my mom would always say, "you rinse until your hair squeaks" and this stuff does just that, nice body to my hair and I like the scent, I also grew up with egg shampoo, I was happy to see someone still sold egg shampoo, if you have fine lifeless hair then this is for you, try it
6445	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this serum and I already use a number of excellent serums.  The serum is thicker than most, which allows the ginseng, ceramides and ginkgo  to penetrate.  On hot nights I even use it by itself as a moisturizer.  My only problem is with the artificial color.  I was hoping the color was from chamazuline from chamomile. but alas it is artificial ,CI 42090 (Blue 1)...
I would recommend it.
5360	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have never used a green tinted concealer before to hide the ruddiness of my pale skin and wanted to try this to see if it would reduce the blotchiness.  I recommend using a makeup primer under it as the green tinge is very very visible and you should go over it  multiple times to smooth it into your skin. Then be sure to apply a liquid foundation or powder of medium to full coverage to hide the green.  If you don't then you will look like a pale version of The Joker.  I think it does an adequate job but I didn't like the fact that I had to take extra time to blend it and then make sure the concealer was hidden under my foundation. I will go back to my old concealer that isn't as labor intensive.
6523	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Feels and smells great! Obviously not a necessity at all, but my house has no ac, and when I wake up in the morning, I'm immediately hot again after washing my face, so this is super refreshing to cool off with after I apply makeup. The mist is very fine and sprays evenly across my face.
Gradual even great tan.
2915	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It leaves skin so soft and doesn't feel like all the skins natural moisture was stripped from the skin.
4036	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am not sure how to write this review since I really like the product even if it is not the answer to all my makeup removing needs.
2909	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it, shipped on time, great product!
5991	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Despite the small size, this product lasts for a long time because a little of it goes a very long way. I find that it sinks in very quickly too, which is nice in the morning for under concealer. But I don't find that this product has any noticeable different on my under eye area.
942	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	New product for me I do use the mineral pressed powder by Jane Iredale and love it . I think with both of these products the brush used makes a huge difference in the application results. As good as I thought Jane Iredales brush was Trish McAvoy far exceeds the Jane Iredale . They are magnificent. I have never been happier with a blush than this .

I like that it goes on like water and doesn't tend to leave a sticky residue the way some competing products sometimes do. I also like that there's not much in the way of fragrance - just a clean, fresh result. And best of all, it works great, cleaning and taking off makeup while leaving your skin soft, clean and refreshed without any of the harshness you get from many other products. Stubborn waterproof makeup sometimes takes two or three passes, but I prefer that to a stronger product that might leave me feeling raw. A little goes a long way, so the price represents good value when you consider how many uses you get from a single purchase.
1905	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this color! It's so pretty and coraly. Goes with every skin tone.
I honestly love L'Oreal Paris Micellar Cleansing Water instead... it actually works better on regular makeup (not waterproof) and it doesn't irritate at all.
Since the expense of a surgical face lift is beyond the reach of most of us, this is the next best thing.
9047	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Recommended by my stylist. These are a huge step up from drugstore irons. Comfy handle, sturdy cord that rotates easily, large cool tip. The heat is adjustable and even.
410	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Wow - the coverage of this is top notch. It's smooth, easy to apply and while perhaps not fully professional level, this isn't far from it. There are two issues with this...first the color is a bit darker than anticipated. I thought it might match a dark tan but this doesn't work for my skin tone...it's more mocha. Beautiful color but not mine. The second is the titanium dioxide which I found a bit more irritating especially in summer. This is a first with this brand but worth mentioning.
3106	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the smell and the product! Baxter has very good products and this scent is my favorite out of the three.


I just ordered my second bottle.
Pam
Again. I'll stick with this for a long time . In fact
Our pre teen was prepared to see his skin turn red.  He said it was more like a 'light' red.
5388	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just received my set of 3 products. I opened the box and there was spillage in the box because one of the lids came off.
8755	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	WORKS WELL
update I bought a second one ! i love the mini because you can fit it in a clutch and don't have to worry about reapplying when you're out and about ! perfect for those wanting to make their hair look a little more full !
2483	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	after one use my smile was sparkling white!  i will continue to use.  use as directed for best re sults




6510	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	To do all over again WOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT.  Is it suppose to do anything but spray your face because you can do that with cool water & save $$
I received this item for my honest opinion and was not compensated for this.
The absolute best thing is that the nail clippings stay inside the clipper and you just tap the clipper lightly on a paper towel (or right into a waste basket) and your clippings are properly disposed! So easy! And no looking for nail clippings that have flown all over the room, either (that is awesome).
That being said I DO like the fact that it contains so many natural ingredients: sea Buckthorn, tree fern, mimosa flower extract, macadamia seed oil and padina pavonica among others. It feels good on my skin and I noticed NO sensitivities to it even though I normally do have fairly sensitive skin and rosacea.
Purified Water, Stearic Acid, Triethanolamine, Glycereth 7, Cocamide DEA, C12 15 Alkyl Benzoate, PEG/PPG 14/14 Dimethicone, Behentrimonium, Methosulfate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Cetearyl Alcohol, Mentha Piperita Oil (Peppermint), Citrus Grandis Oil (Grapefruit), Citrus Aurantium Dulcis Oil (Orange), Methylparaben, Citrus Aurantifolia Oil (Lime), Citrus Aurantium Bergamia Oil (Bergamot), Propylparaben, Zingiber Officinale Oil (Ginger), Diazolidinyl Urea

3601	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This product is rubbing alcohol with a little zinc oxide. That's it. Save yourself tons of money and skip this. Or just buy a bottle of rubbing alcohol.
Tried the peel a few times, didn't seem to do much, but it might just be really light.
3926	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I actually got this originally for my wife, as she LOVES Crabtree & Evelyn products. But, I can't walk into one of their stores without my nose exploding. However, this product has a pleasing mild scent, so I rather liked it myself. Of course, it stays in her shower. <g>
7461	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	best hand cream ever made. also great for burns. smell camphor like for about 5 seconds and then your hands are just great! the best. never found anything before or since that works as well.
I read online that Micellar is somewhere between a toner and a cleanser.  It should remove makeup (waterproof formulas too) dirt and oil from the skin without stripping your completion.

3769	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful stuff
7112	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A must for shavers with sensitive skin.  A little bit goes a long way.  This is all I use for shaving when I use a blade.

4281	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have been buying these for 3 yrs and I'm so disappointed with the 2 packages I bought this yr. I can't even tell that I'm using them. When I first started using them I tanned instantly. Then I continued to buy them ,but for some reason they are not working at all. I hope they aren't outdated because then I feel I got cheated. I will probably not buy them anymore. Don't want to waste my money...
5467	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Buy it and it will last a year, so don't worry about the price. It is amazing, my lips are always chapped but when I use this my lipsticks go nice and smooth and it removes all the dead skin on your lips. I have been using mine twice a day for a year and have gone through have of it.
7216	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jane Iredale products always please and do not break me out
Although this has an unusual texture (which I love), it is very easy to spread on the skin.  You also don't need very much at once; a little goes a long way (which is great since this is a rather expensive product).  It does not leave my skin feeling oily -- just soft and smooth.  I have somewhat sensitive, combination skin, and this works equally well on my oily t-zone and my drier cheeks.  I have put sunscreens over it and it does not interfere with the sunscreen application at all (also doesn't interfere with makeup).
8826	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It does not burn my under eye area like some eye creams do.
Four and a half stars, but only applied with the way I applied it.  Following directions, 1 or 2 stars.
9415	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A pure mineral mascara that absolutely does not cause irritation.  Best mascara of any of the all natural products on the market.
1843	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Probably one of my favourite essie blues!  I just cant get enough of this beachy, breezy color!
I LOVE SUPERSMILE and will recommend it to everyone that wants their teeth noticably whiter!  WELL WORTH THE PRICE, FOR SURE!  I got mine on QVC for a considerably less price....
9994	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Proraso shave cream with great success.  I purchased this "Soap in the Bowl" to support a recent vacation as I did not want to travel with my ceramic bowl.  This product provided a very comparable lather and since it was the same ingredients as the cream in the tube, I did not experience any break-outs as a result.  This is a must have for travel or for anyone not wanting to mess with the separates.
2739	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a soft gemtle cream that is easily absorbed. With conscientious use it does appear to help with under-eye bags It doesn't completely eliminate them (nothing short of surgery would, I think) but it does alleviate the puffiness and reduce the redness.
5638	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was very skeptical about this product, but I bought a smaller bottle on sale at Sally's and it is AMAZING. My thinning hair has been my biggest source of insecurity for the past ten years. It is all I could focus on when I looked at myself in pictures or when getting ready. I was sure everyone was always thinking "she would be pretty if her hair wasn't so THIN". This stuff works! It covers up the visible scalp and you cannot tell it is a topical "fiber" unless you get your eyes centimeters away. I have had so many compliments on how my hair looks and I recently had family pictures taken - I know without this product I would have just been sad about how awful my thinning part looked - now I post pictures with confidence. Only wish I would have tried it sooner!! Now I bought the largest size available from Amazon and it is less than half the price of Sally's. I hope they never stop making it!!

66	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color!

7945	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic cover for thin hair!
4288	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I refer to this as my glue to help keep my make-up on during the day.  I have very oily skin and by the end of the day my makeup would be gone.  I am not the type to reapply makeup during the day.  I have tried other products and none has ever worked like this product.  My pores do not get clogged.  The PCA skin line is the BEST on the market.  Buy, buy, buy it for fabulous skin.

2035	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I so badly wanted to like this polish.  I am all about wearing pink in October, so I jumped all over this when Cut & Blow offered a good deal on it and its companion polish, Pink Works.  Imagine my disappointment when I tried to wear it last week.  This might be the worst formula polish I have EVER worked with.  Sheer but patchy, lots of dragging, and even after three thin, even (well, as even as I could manage), there were still unevenly-colored spots on my nails.  Such a disappointment.  If you're looking for a pretty pale pink shade - KEEP LOOKING!!
If you are a caregiver of someone bedridden, it is excellent as a quick and therapeutic facial treatment. It is gentle enough for fragile skin.
9300	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I do not know maybe because my skin color i did not get quite the desired shape or because
7312	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I live in Maryland where for about 6 months of the year it is really hot and really sticky.  I've got acne prone skin still up into my late 30s.  The Skyn Iceland products are outstanding!  They are light enough to moisturize without being heavy feeling and without making my skin even more oily than it is.  I've tried other brand names but I keep going back to the Skyn Iceland line due to their quality.
7844	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I use shaving soap and a brush/mug when I'm home.  This is a high quality, inexpensive system, but it doesn't travel well.  On the road, I generally use a can of gel, which is more expensive, messier, and slower than a brush and soap.  This stuff is more expensive than gel, doesn't lubricate as well, and is more difficult to apply because it doesn't "stick" as easily to wet skin.  I give it two stars because I'm going to use the rest of the can, but I sure won't be buying any more.
283	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous color...I love, love, love it! Only need 1 coat, but using 2 plus OPI's base and top coat makes pedicure last at least 1 month.
4085	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Vichy's Micellar Oil reminds me of a product I used to adore, Babor's Hy Oil Cleanser. Unlike that cleanser, this is a "one part only" not requiring any mixing of 2 products. The cleansing power of Micellar Oil is superb, it attracts oily grime and makeup and gives my pores a lovely deep cleansing. I was concerned that my skin would feel "too clean", but that's not the case at all. Yet my skin is every bit as clean as it would be with a lathering cleanser only my face doesn't feel tight and dry. I got the best results with 2 cleanses with this oil. I get super dirty at work, and one cleanse just isn't enough! This product is awesome for removing eye makeup as well. It takes a bit of getting used to using a product like this if you've been using lathering cleanser. Those who use creamy cleansers will adapt much easier. If the skin still feels oily after using, you haven't rinsed enough! Try it in the shower, and you'll see the difference.
The only drawback concerning this product, a personal budgetary problem only, is the price. At $36 for 2 ounces I am having difficulty deciding whether or not to buy more--2 ounces doesn't last long. If this fits your budget, it is a good product that I recommend.
4239	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cleanser does not soap up, is for sensitive skin prone to redness and has a very light scent.  I use it almost every nite to cleanse my skin and remove make up and my skin looks great and feels great.
5471	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great, my skin feels soft after use.
3530	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	exactly as expected
3232	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing Fragrance that is not only romantic but breath taking. Lasts long as I put it on and 8 hours later it was still going strong. Under 3 oz you can travel with it in your purse. Bottle is made of glass with a sleek design and blue rubber top. I would definitely recommend this for a gift for a young woman or even an elderly grandmother.
9763	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly what I look for in a face moisturizer. It's thick, heavy, dense, but as soon as melts into the skin, it leaves it soft and not greasy in an way. Lots of face creams say they don't leave skin greasy, but I find many of them still do. And my skin doesn't do so well with creams that make it greasy. It tends to clog up my skin and then the oils naturally in my skin build up into the moisturizer and my whole face ends up feeling like I used butter on my face or something. But if I don't use any moisturizer on my skin in the cold months, it tends to get dry and my makeup doesn't look as good.
3279	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My lips get dry year-round so I have to use lip balm quite often.  Over the years, Ive tried everything from the mass brands (Chapstick, Vaseline, etc) to the high-end brands (Burts Bees, Kiehls, Every Man Jack, Baxter, etc).  But Ive found that nothing beats Jack Black for effectiveness.
Kernel Meal
6836	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great overnight! Has somewhat of an odor, but nothing unbearable.
2971	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product works great

This polish is my new favorite neutral. It's opaque and matte, with just the usual nail polish shine, but no shimmer or glitter. The color is a nice rosy mauve that's somewhere between pink and brown. It's a good year-round color for my pale, olive-toned skin, and I can imagine it might be flattering on many skin tones. I had hoped it might be slightly more purple, but although there seems to be a lavender undertone the overall color is more pink/mauve.
It does have an herbal, slightly flowery scent to keep in mind, although this dissipates very quickly.  I recommend it in combination with the NUXE dry oil, perhaps one at night and the other in the morning.
9146	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Stops acne in its tracks. Why didn't I discover this years ago? I have sensitive skin prone to breakouts and have endured adult acne for years. This product is magic. Don't be reluctant of its size, it is powerful and you use only a dab in a single use. Try it!
1318	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The coverage is very good.  However, I find that my sink has particles in it after I use it, and it does come off on my pillowcase.  However, it does wash out.

I have very extremely sensitive skin so I don't find a lot of facial products that I can use, but this one is very easy on your skin and I have had no problems with it. I will definitely be purchasing this again.
4843	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've tried just about every dry shampoo out there.  This is my favorite, I hop they don't stop making it.  It seems the aerosol is much more popular and many companies have stopped making the powder.  I'm blond so the white doesn't show, plus I tend to apply liberally at night and then I'm good to go in the morning with no "greasies".
1926	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	First, the color shown here, which looks like a soft apricot, was actually a garish orange: my toes look like I am wearing orange peel! Second, as another reviewer mentioned, the polish goes on streaky, and it was only after much effort, and much time, that I was able to achieve some semblance of coverage.  I have never thrown out a polish, but this one I did. I think I will stick to Opi polishes, they have a better quality overall.  As for this Essie polish: COMPLETE FAIL, I hated it!!

7991	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	been using this product for years

3262	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As a guy who is outdoors a great deal of the time biking, surfing, running etc my lips take a beating and often get very dry and chapped. I've tried several stick lip balm but they really aren't effective in away that this is! You feel a cool, soothing difference the second you put it on. It hydrates and protects with an SPF of 25. I use it on my nose as well and it gives me all day protection. I reapply after 4 hours if I get wet or plan to be in the sun for extended time. Great fresh smell too.

8454	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	gave this to the wife to use.  she advised that it cleans the body real well.  she likes it for it is not as abrasive as other cleansing soaps that she has used.  she said that it lathered nice and the smell is good.  she likes it
9663	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I always enjoy L'Occitane products, and this one is no exception.  My hands don't feel dry despite being washed very frequently.
5312	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!!
Bottom line: try these if you're looking for something to help rid you of stubborn adult acne, or if you're simply looking for something to help with anti-aging or to help with wrinkles that have already formed. This product really is great!
4082	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have started seeing Micellar water pop into the market including at the high end makeup shops.
Worked well as a spot treatment on a developing pimple
1251	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have fine thinning hair.  I used two other products before trying Toppik Hair Building Fibers. I used a color spray aerosol and a brush on powder.  I didn't care for the aerosol spray because you had to be so careful not to get overspray on your clothes.  The brush on powder does work for small areas, but my hair continued to thin and it was time consuming to cover the top of my scalp.  This powder was suggested by a sales clerk at a beauty supply store.  It seemed to work better and was easier to use.  If I had a choice, I would like not to use any product, but I don't want my scalp showing so I am very happy to have a product like this.
9775	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	It was too liquidy for me. I could see that I'd use more product than I intended.

5842	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great base coat and it is beautiful on it's own under a layer of top coat. Goes on well and dries quickly. It is VERY matte. I love it and use it first for french manicures, then white tips (cotton white) then top coat.
I had a cystic pimple on my chin that wouldn't respond to any treatment. But the night after I applied the MB Buffering Lotion, the pimple was much less prominent in the morning. A few days later, and it's almost completely gone. I really recommend this product. For the price, it's worth trying. You won't be disappointed!
7741	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Be sure to follow the directions - it works
9785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great
5082	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this peeling cream for a year and love it!  Gentle but you see the positive effects.  Great price too!

801	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love this stuff.  It's great as a daily moisturizer, after shave, and lotion.  I've become a huge fan of the Jack Black line and it's especially been great because it's made for sensitive skin.  Will definitely be buying again.


5939	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	You can't go wrong with butter and this is a nice combo of red/pink.  It's works against almost any skin tone without being too pink or harsh
1445	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good product good for your hands.thank you,sofia

I like how well it applies, it smooths easily, and when it's dry it's lightweight and nearly unnoticeable.
3167	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	These razor blades are way overpriced. I have gotten a much better shave from blades that are much cheaper. The Astra or Derby Blades in particular give a better smoother shave and are much cheaper.



7	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just as described. Arrived on time.
1824	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very pretty color
A WORD ABOUT SUNSCREEN (CAUTION)
5988	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have had good luck with all the products I have bought from the Mario Badescu line. The texture is great and it hydrates the area around the eyes. I would recommend this product.
Her report: "This serum feels somewhat greasy going on, but once on the skin for a few minutes, feels refreshing and adds moisture. Upon application, it leaves my skin feeling young and smooth. The elixir has a very appealing smell, light and slightly floral. After three weeks of use, my husband and I both agree this has reduced lines around the eyes and forehead somewhat, especially when the facial features are relaxed. I would say this is the best elixir I have tried."
Primrose

3098	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for dry or normal skin. Anti aging. Pleasant feel. Luxurious :)
3520	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works as promised. this is only product I will ever use. love it & recommend it. use CND sticky base coat with it

8739	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite facial scrub. I love the smell and it cleans my face really good. I love Mario Badescu products.
5012	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Feels like antiseptic lotion. Not hip on it. Won't buy again. However it's a large tube
but this one is great.
Sleek 1 inch width. Much better priced than others
9834	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'll admit, when I first sprayed this I wasn't expecting to overly like it. It didn't smell bad, but rather like some rather strong Febreeze, a scent that isn't bad on clothing and furniture, but not really something I'd necessarily wear as a perfume. It was also a little stronger than what I normally wear, as scents tend to be amplified on my body. I'm like a miniature incense burner with some perfumes, and not in a good way. I'd only sprayed a little mist on each wrist, about what I'd normally put on with all but a very few scents, so this initially concerned me.
This is my HG toothpaste and I recommend it to all my friends and family as well. It's pretty amazing stuff.
3510	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good product!
It helps to apply a fine hairspray to keep Toppik topic in place, but I rarely need to do this. If I do, I use a Tresemme extra fine mist spray. The scent is mild and doesn't leave you with Old Lady Aquanet smelling helmet hair. You can use any hairspray you like - Consort, American Crew, etc.
8681	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I add some of this to my natural toner, love it.
8014	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product give me the confidence to go out without wearing a hat.
780	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I rated Vincent Longo water canvas creme to powder foundation 4 stars because it is a nice foundation. It slides smoothly and looks nice, it has a light coverage. I apply it using Eco tools brush.
291	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great top coat, exactly what I wanted


In the mornings, after I wash it off, I can feel the small bumps on my face are smoother. It's probably a combination of the AHA (alpha hydroxy acids which help slough off the top/dead layer of skin.
3773	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	When I tried to find out about the ingredients of EltaMD UV Sport Broad-Spectrum SPF 50, I noticed the following claim on their Website;
So, I was nearing the end of the jar, and I began to notice that my forehead lines were softening and my laugh lines were also not as noticeable as before. I was officially sold on this product! Not only had it basically cleared up my skin (aside from a hormonal related pimple here and there near my cycle), but my skin also appeared so much more youthful!
945	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always happy with this blush
7789	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm middle-aged and still have breakouts. (Will it ever end?) I've found through the years that salicylic acid seems to be the product that helps my complexion the most. The Obagi Clenziderm contains 2% salicylic acid, which is the strongest version I've seen OTC. It makes my face so clean and the menthol gives a cooling sensation. I won't use this daily because it can be a little drying. I will definitely use it a few times a week to keep my skin clear. It works fast. Recommended
8271	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The glitter is exact and too much so, one looks as if one has sparkly fungi on one's nails.  There are better.
153	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice color!
4003	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I always stocked up on micellar water products when I went to France - they've used it & loved it for years.  It was supposedly invented for Parisian women because the water in Paris is so "hard".  The water is hard there, I can vouch for that & that is why the pharmacy was always one of my first stops when arriving in Paris.  Hard water makes it difficult to remove all your makeup & tends to dry out the skin.  Also, micellar water is wonderful for cleaning your skin even if you are not wearing makeup.
810	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great Moisturizer that I use in the morning and when ever I feel that it is getting too dry.
Although it's described as an Alpha-Hydroxy Acid cream it won't leave you red with burned and peeling skin like a prescription one (i.e. Retin-A), so don't worry about that unless you have the most sensitive of skin. You should also wear a sunscreen in the daytime after you start using this cream because AHA creams leave the skin ultra-sensitive to sunlight and UV rays, and so your skin is more susceptible to getting burned (even when you'd normally tan).
6078	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The gel burnt under my eyes. It got slightly swollen under there as well. Use with caution
725	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great price, fast shipping!

536	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Now that I have been introduced to Dermablend products, I can only wonder why on earth other cosmetics manufacturers have not copied the value this line offers. It is easy to apply, blends well, and I almost want to call it cosmetic surgery in a jar -- that's how well it works. If you have some scars, dark shadows under your eyes, or other marks that are bothersome to you, here's your opportunity to make them all but disappear. I've used some on the back of my hands. The veins that have started to appear when you skin ages no longer can be seen. Needless to say, I am thrilled with this product and will definitely continue to purchase it and recommend it to others. By the way, this is great for men, as well!
I still think I prefer lighter coverage for everyday wear, especially since I'm in my 30's and self-conscious about not accentuating fine lines or dryness.  But I really like this for nights out when I tend to wear bolder makeup.  It compliments a bold lip or smokey eye well.
I have a 1" Hot Tool curing iron, just like this one, that I've been using for over 6 years. My husband replaced the plug once because I had to keep wiggling the cord & plug to get everything in the proper place for the curling iron to stay on. Recently I began having problems with the cord again, but this time it's where the cord attaches to the handle & that is why I was ordering another curling iron. This new design is supposed to prevent that problem...only time will tell. I will update my review if necessary.
2755	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The first time in a long time a eye moisturiser that makes my under eye skin soft.  I really like this and will buy again.  Oh, I am 59 so I  NEED a eye moisturiser that works.
I went to their website to determine which of their products would be best for me. I have combo skin type; dry in some places, but greasy in the T zone. When first using the product, I noticed the smell. It is a bit strong, but at the same time, very clean and fresh smelling. It has a thin gel consistency, and doesn't foam up much. After rinsing it off, my skin felt rejuvenated. It did not feel tight in the dry places, and my greasy areas felt nice and cleansed. I have been using this for about a week, and I already feel so much better about my where my skin is at. I only have a few small, barely noticeable pimples, that are more on the surface, rather than the deep, cystic ones. I use the wash twice a day, morning and night.
2013	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Picked this out at the nail salon today. Wanted a pink that was pale but not too pail to wash out my hands. Love it! Perfect Pail pink color with a tiny bit of sparkle.
1718	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I was so excited to see Essie nail polish on amazon.... I thought I was ordering this barely purplish more reddish wine color as seen in the product pictures but it arrived as an undesired purple. I can't return it so I wasted $9 on this color that I will never wear. I want my money back. I always rave about Essie nail polish but this was a disappointment just because the photos aren't accurate. I guess I have to buy it in store from now on to be sure of the color.

1290	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's pretty good.  A little on the dark side from the photo.

That said, theres nothing natural about Aqualia Thermals ingredient list, but what I do notice is better facial tone and appearance.  Its hard to say good-bye to my stand-by simple moisturizer, but I like Aqualia Thermals end results much better.
This product is a step up from the Clean & Clear formula and works just as well as the Lancome for me.
That did not stop this woman from trying out the clay mask.  I am a big fan of clay masks, I have combination skin and I like to feel pampered with clay.
3582	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best for cyst-like pimples (I.e. Not blackheads or white heads but hard red bumps that you can't pop). I leave it overnight and it usually does the job in 2 nights although you can already tell the difference in one night.
4276	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've always hated tinted moisturizers and BB creams...this one changed my mind. In fact, I love it more than my foundation - and I LOVE foundation! It covers, tone corrects and is a great consistency. i love to use it as a primer for special nights out. It does't transfer and is great for everyday use. I have acne prone skin and this doesn't break me (which is why I typically hate BB creams).
Will keep using for a month and report back on the longer term results. This cream is fairly expensive, so only if the results are amazing will I keep purchasing it.
4588	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a quality product with two cons. It is very moisturizing, lasts a long while and works extremely well BUT it's extremely shiny/sticky (almost like lip gloss for women) and I have noticed some dead skin buildup since I began using--you know the stuff that you need to scrub off in a warm shower. I'd say this is a good product for anyone who likes shiny lips.

566	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just tried this line of foundations and cover-ups, and I really like them.  They cover all my imperfections such as age spots, large pores, tiny red veins and general red tone areas on my face.  The trick with this foundation is to not apply it too thickly otherwise it will look cakelike.  I do not break out with this line of makeup as I do with some others,
This is the mask I keep in my "tool kit" when I need to have a super smooth, super perfect make up for a special event.  I use this about an hour before I start my make up, then follow my regular skin care regimen, and apply my make up and my face looks like it's been airbrushed.

2075	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent color! It literally goes well with any season! I bought it for the summer but it looks fantastic so I will be wearing this all year long. If you haven't tried the Essie brand you're completely missing out!
Check this out... It really works!
161	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A classic nude/slightly pink sheer nail Polish from a great brand. If you are looking for a strong color to show up on your nails this is not for you.

This would not work well for extensive baldness (nothing does!), but works well for the dreaded "wide part" problem. Dark hair would be more of a challenge on a light-skinned person, as the contrast between hair and scalp would make the fibers show more than with medium brown hair.
As far as low-key colors go, it's good for work, play and about anything else. Survives dishwashing well, but the opacity of the color leaves a little bit to be desired. Unlike other OPI polishes, this is streaky on the first application and okay on the second...it requires a full three coats to not be able to see light through the tips of the nails.
9806	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This definitely smells better than the green. It still has menthol but its not as strong as the green. The first time I tried green my eyes watered.
6203	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using Pevonia products for 20 years. Any time a try something else, for say savings or convenience, I regret it and return to the best match for my skin. Natural ingredients makes a difference.
3716	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My daughter has cystic acne, but not oily skin, so it is important for her to get products that will help with her acne without stripping her skin. This is a nice cleanser. The willow bark and chamomile in this formula help soothe the skin.
3551	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this face cleaner and actually already need to buy a second one. I use this every single morning and night, and it has already cleared up my face more than the way more expensive proactive did when I was using it. I decided to try this because I couldn't find anything that would clear my skin up and once I got this in the mail I have been in love. I will continue to purchase this item because it actually works very well.
And the price point? For what you get, $24 is a great deal.
This is a light weight, almost watery serum.



5355	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Bioelements for years and highly recommend it for dry skin. Everybody thinks I'm 20 years younger than i am!
4408	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When having to remove waterproof mascara, I usually fall back on the old standard of baby oil or an equivalent oil. While they may work OK, I don't like the scent in the baby oil, especially when it gets into my eyes, or any oil in my eyes for that matter. So I was really happy to to try this La Roche-Posay waterproof eye makeup remover, since, right away I noticed it did not appear oily, nor was it scented. Also, it was labeled as being safe for "sensitive" eyes (personally, I believe all eyes are sensitive). I've now used this remover several times, with both cotton squares and also tissue, and it works perfectly. I have now permanently settled on the tissue, since I don't like the fact that a cotton square or even a cotton ball can leave small fibers in the eye area and those are not pleasant when they get into the eye, itself.
buyers need to trust them  and buy it because i have great positive feel with them.
2285	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this eye cream, since i started using it my dark puffy circles are gone!  Finally something that works!  :)
9422	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this product because it is medical grade toner for oily and acne prone skin.  It has only 2% salycilic acid, but it feels much stronger.  I use this toner in the morning and at night after cleansing the skin.  It definitely controls oil production and keep skin blemish free.  I used to be devoted to Obagi products, but ever since I finished my esthetics licensure, I am finding myself drawn to try other medical grade products.  One of the biggest competitors in medical grade products with this line is Neocutis and IS Clinical.  I Love Neocutis skin care and IS sunscreen products.  Obagi has unfortunate fallen down the list.  Still good products, but when it comes to the price, I am convinced that there are others that are price competitive and superior in quality.  I will still buy Obagi if I find a good deal, but unfortunately it is no longer my first choice.  I would still recommend products from this line to anyone.
4948	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I had bought this scent in reed diffusers, and absolutely loved it. So when I saw a room spray - visions of vanilla & bourbon danced in my head. Sadly to say the scent lasts for a whole whopping minute :(
5960	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really beautiful color. It's very metallic. It looks shear, but there's a lot of shine and sparkle in it. I highly recommend. Love this brand, too! I always get great colors.
2118	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color of blood, literally. Looks amazing on hands and feet. Lasts a while and applies smoothly. 1-2 coats give excellent coverage. Love it!
I don't know if I have a great technique, but it felt almost no different than a regular DE. Mind you, I read the scare stories and was being careful, but about as careful as I am with a regular DE anyway. They do take a touch more attention than cartridge, but that's about it.

834	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I really like their shaving cream, but this was not my favorite- it is pretty greasy and the tip always gets clogged every morning with a chunk of material from the past morning.  I would say look for something else.
7261	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm tired. lol. I've been on a long journey (ok, a few weeks :) to find a new foundation. I'm 50, my skin is different and the once great Everyday minerals (olive tones) is making my pores and rougher texture more noticeable. I'm half Japanese and half Caucasian and it's a pain for find the right color for me! Everything is either pink or orange on me! Well I've look high and low end trying to  find something that would work for me. Liquids and powders, both loose and pressed. CC and BB's and all in between! Bought this  without doing any research at my local mall. My first color was a bomb, Teakwood. Too orange in the natural light. They replaced it with Golden Glow. After many test wears and having the family tell me what they thought I think I found my foundation. Pros: Very fine milled and does not show fine lines and pores, really softens and smooths out the skin. Coverage is very buildable. Color is not pink or orange! Very yellowish in tone. Cons: Yep, it's a pricey one. My suggestion is that if at all possible buy first at a store to find your color match. LOTS of different colors in the pressed powder.

6692	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to try this product first before I wrote a review. I bought the hot tools 1 1/2 & let me say it works wonders! I had bought a $20 bed head curling iron a week before this one and it was terrible! Didn't heat up hot or even curl . This iron heats up hot! I leave it on 280 degrees because I have fine hair and do not want to damage it and it gives a great curl and holds! I recommend this product 100%
617	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Daughter took it from me. I only use JANE IREDALE. Now she does.
4154	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	wonderful product and seller
The first time I used it the blades on my Sensor and HeadBlade were about a week old so the fact that I didn't get a single nick and got such a smooth shave with a single pass is impressive. I shave both face and head with either a straight edge razer (cut throats) or an electric. If you have a wet/dry electric such as the Panasonic 5 foil Linear line - you'll get a 100% barber shop smooth shave using Hydroplane.
I cleaned my face and used the toner, then tried this item. I LOVED it instantly. It goes on so smoothly and easily. You only need a tiny bit, even my sample will last a week or two with how little I need to use. It sinks in my skin and leaves me with a nice velvety finish.
All in all 2oz isn't great, but its about standard for a high end beauty product so while its not great in the value department its not bad as these things go. And if you realize its a heavier product for either exclusively nighttime use or for very dry skin, that will probably do more to keep you from having weathered skin than anything to actually reverse the process you're gonna get more use out of it. On the other hand if the most important thing to you is that a moisturizer smell so goo you want to eat it, than i can unequivocally recommend this product. Id give it 3.5 stars.
The broad spectrum SPF 30 properties are, of course, great for protecting your skin.
I keep mine in the refrigerator and use it first thing in the morning after washing my face. My son has very dry skin, he suffers from eczema, and loves to use it every few hours to add a bit of moisture and refresh the skin.
1778	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The neon color is very true to the picture. Definitely a irreplaceable shade to everyone's summer collections.
Here's what worked best for me. I took the spatula and put a fairly thick coat on my sun spots and spread the outsides with the spatula, I then used my normal foundation, then I reapplied the cream again with the spatula and used powder to finish.
Before and dries nail
5254	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used neck products from Georgette Klinger from the time I was 30 and my neck shows it. Unfortunately, Klinger's firm was eaten alive and this is, as yet, the best neck product to come along. My neck looks 15 years younger than other's women my age. I am hoping this product gives me a few more good years!

5032	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Vincent Longo primer gave me a smooth and matte base using very little product. After applying my foundation, the finish result made my skin appear flawless and my foundation stayed in place for hours without any touch ups. A great product to have.
8544	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have adult acne and very dry skin in the winter.  I have to really watch what I use on my face.  Bioelements Moisture Positive Cleanser works for me.  Other cleanser especially in the winter,  burns when I apply cleanser Moisture Positive Cleanser doesn't .  I've spent so much money on facial products and I keep coming back to all Bioelements products.  For me they are the best.
1371	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My stylist told me about Toppik when she noticed how thin my hair was getting to be.  She purchased the 0.36oz/10.3g for me from the local beauty supply.  Even with her discount it was almost $25.  But I really liked how Toppik camouflages my thin spots.  Only a couple of people have noticed that there is something different with my hair.  Only one person realized what the difference was, and only because she'd also used Toppik.
9550	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Just what expected
6518	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This was my first order of the Mario Badescu facial spray and I am pleased to say I like it quite a lot.  I use it during the day but find it especially useful on warm evenings. I like to lightly spritz all of my skin before bed.  This allows me to rest comfortably in the breeze. It also hydrates all of my skin and not just my face.  I love the smell and the ingredients hydrate my skin and do not leave me overly sticky or uncomfortable feeling.  The smell is also pleasing to my husband.  It smells simply like rose water but it has added ingredients that my other rose water orders do not have.  It is a well-made product and with several months use of the spray, I still have half a bottle left with liberal use.  I was somewhat hesitant to order the spray but am now glad I did.  If you are looking for a really well-made rose water I think you will be happy with this.

1606	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color. Deep plum. I love the Zoya collection. This can last me over a week with two or three coats.
3534	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this serum and used it for years.  Until I discovered that there was a much less expensive option with almost exactly the same ingredients.  Got2B Shine Serum is $5 and works just as well, if not better, than this Paul Mitchell serum.  I apply a small amount to clean damp hair and work it through the midlengths and ends.  Then, without adding any more product, I smooth the top of my head, but avoiding the roots.  Got2B controls frizz, provides thermal protection and adds tons of shine.  After styling, I take a single drop and work it my palms and smooth it over my waves and touch up the ends.  This gives me additional shine and softness.  I used Paul Mitchell serum for a long time because it was one of the only silicone serums on the market at the time.  However, since then, there have been competing products in every price range.  One day I was in the drugstore and compared the ingredients of PM and Got2B and discovered they were almost identical.  So I saved my money and purchased Got2bB (which is made by Schwartzkopf) and have never looked back.  I've been using Got2B for years and it works perfectly.  It's an excellent heat shield and the shine is to die for.  So if you want to save money and are a smart shopper, buy Got2B instead.  Super Skinny Serum is excellent, but Got2B is the same damn thing!!



It did an okay job of covering it up but not as great as everyone that gave it 5 stars made it out to be. It's very hard to work with, very time consuming. If you use too much it cooks cakes, if you don't use enough it's as good as a useless concelear stick.
183	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Brilliant color and beautiful results with two coats of color.
9578	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Favorite sunscreen ever
8368	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This simple toner has about 6-7 ingredients in it. That's it! Seaweed is excellent for your skin, and this soothing cleanser makes my face feel like a million bucks after I put it on. I use it as a follow up to the glycolic cleanser and it's a great combo. My skin looks fabulous and the smell is comforting (it's a bit powdery, which I'm not sure where this comes from since there's no 'parfum' or 'fragrance' listed in the ingredients). Highly recommend.
9316	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Too expensive. Works good but not for the price.
8463	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using Mario Badescu products for years and this seaweed cleansing soap is one of my favorites.  It's creamy and gentle on the skin but it does leave my skin feeling very clean without it being stripped of natural oils.  It smells light, not of seaweed but slightly floral.  Mario Badescu consistently has good quality products that work well with my sensitive skin.
8853	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These candles are always fabulous!
1893	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	We can't go wrong with Ellie - can we?  I love this and so will you.
Love it, love it, love it.

686	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice stuff


6384	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product I love that it is made from real strawberry seeds. It makes my skin feel really good without over scrubbing it or drying it out. Another Mario Badesco product to add to our collection.
8467	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Because it's called "Cleansing Soap", I thought this stuff was body wash at first. Actually, it's facial cleanser with seaweed extract, which gives it a minty green color. It smells pleasant, however, and the texture feels a little like mayonnaise, though it doesn't leave you feeling greasy or sticky.  A little dab goes a long way and after I rinsed it off, I felt clean and refreshed. I've tried other Mario Badescu products and this did not disappoint.
2401	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This my sisters favorite perfume so it was a gift.
3324	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wasn't sure if I'd like it but after completing my nails I sprayed this on and sat for about 15 minutes.  My nails were good to go...I used a nail ridge filler and two coats of polish and I think how many coats you put on makes the difference.  Again, you can't go wrong with OPI

1230	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!!! Covers thinning area very well!


The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.
9621	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	L'Occitane never lets me down. This is a great soap for dry, sensitive skin. Use this with the shea butter body cream and you will be in heaven. This is worth every penny.
- Subsequent applications have left the skin feeling noticeably smoother and firmer.
1043	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Dermablend makeup and the coverage that I get from their products. This setting powder and spray works fabulously for keeping my make up on my face and not every where else. It also adds a highlight around my smile lines and cheek bones which enhances what their foundation is already doing, making me look amazing and feeling beautiful. This is a great set to get for the lady in your life who likes makeup. I love to that Dermablend is designed by dermatologist which means that my sensitive skin isn't going to breakout and have some crazy reaction because I decided to wear it instead of some cheap drug store brand. Don't get me wrong there is nothing wrong with the drug store makeup but I have had plenty of reactions and breakouts do to my skin just not meshing with certain brands of products.
~The Rebecca Review
2383	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it , fast ship
I sprayed it on a jacket and have had to wash the jacket to get rid of the horrible smell.

8381	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin has multiple personalities.  It's oily, sensitive, gets easily irritated and breaks out, gets dry flaky patches, and no matter what cleanser I use, something (the oiliness or the dryness) gets aggravated.  For years, I've stuck with my trusty Cetaphil cleanser and tested other products in between.  My Mom actually gave me this cleanser after I house sat for her and used it and I'm SO glad I tried it.  I absolutely love, love, love this cleanser.  It cleans without stripping my skin, without making my face feel tight, and it takes off every trace of make up including eye make up and mascara. My face is soft and smooth with no dryness, no irritation, and it doesn't feel greasy that way it did with some other gel/cream based cleansers.
4709	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive skin and suffer from rosacea. I cannot get through a day without using this product under my sunscreen and base products. Also all bio elements. Nothing better for sensitive skin and I have tried almost every one of them. It's not cheap but you only need use a tiny bit each day. Lasts quite a while.
8552	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT MOISTURIZER
However, I must say I really like this product on my skin.  If I had to compare it with any other products available I would compare it with Neutrogena's hand cream.  This moisturizer is much lighter than mentioned hand cream but the feeling of incredibly soft skin is just the same.  I use it in the morning on the days when weather is icy cold outside or when it is snowing.  I layer it with skin protection SPF cream.  Product absorbs well and it is an excellent addition to my already existing collection of Obagi skin care line products.  This product is good for any skin type.
2. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL TRANSLUCENT LOOSE SETTING POWDER (NO SPF):
Important note...this product goes perfectly with the Sara Happ Lip Slip - LOVE it.  I would highly recommend that you use both of them together...works great.  Definitely worth the cost as I have tried everything else and nothing worked.
3596	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I don't think this is a particularly effective product. I tried using it on those deep under the skin pimples, and the ones at the surface, and it did not make any sort of difference. I find that tea tree oil is much more effective. However, this does go quite nicely under makeup.
8086	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I hope they make this product for a long time.  My hair has thinned out a lot, with this product you can not tell.
  I was elated to try the Baxter of California Hydro Salve Lip Balm (Mojito Flavor).  Its citrusy smell and taste is heavenly.  The lip balm, thanks to the slanted, lipstick-like applicator, glides smoothly onto my lips.  I don't need to use my fingers to apply it.  Also, the cap remains on securely.  I don't have to worry about it coming off while I carry the tube in my tight jeans.  Most importantly, the balm keeps my lips from becoming chapped and, after using it for nearly two weeks, I haven't experienced any allergic reactions.  Also, the tube has a design that appeals to both males and females.  It is what I refer to as "gender friendly."
7437	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice peel ..I use it twice a week and it has my face smooth and super soft ....I apply and then use my finger with water and work it in ..And then leave on for 2 mins... Simple but effective
7413	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this product without realizing that it was designed for men. I thought I would try it out anyway and am glad I did.
These Dermablend base products are synergistically enhanced with a nice sheen of fresh with a spray application of Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray. Just lightly mist your face with your hair pulled back to enhance your look and seal your make-up applications.  The mist isn't as fine as I had expected, but it works for me.  Even with dusted powders it will make a difference.  It is that simple for me.

5529	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this production, but sometimes it comes out a bit, even with the Fiberhold Spray. Definitely would recommend it for anyone with thin/thinning hair.

278	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This polish is gorgeous. It is a beautiful pink duochrome that shifts to orange. It is packed with pink, orange and blue shimmer that dances and shifts and scintillates in the sun. This polish is a tad sheer, I need three coats but it applies so beautifully that it is no problem to apply them. Love, love, love this polish.
3190	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've used L'Oreal force vector shampoo & conditioner for years, then I switched to L'Oreal Keratsase to mix things up. But I needed to totally switch to remove product build up & I switched to this.
8081	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I always re-order this product. My previous reviews no longer exist because the reseller is gone so I am going to c&p my original review.
4096	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have dry, hardworking hands and was looking forward to this.  What a disappointment! It's thin and does virtually nothing for the dry chapped skin and cuticles on my hands.  I thought perhaps I should simply apply more, but even a small amount of this is highly scented. I felt as if I was wearing perfume on my fingertips. Every time I waved my hands in front of my face I could smell it too much. This made me feel uncomfortable about preparing a meal without washing my hands first and that thought has never occurred to me with any other hand or cuticle cream.  I happen to love and wear perfume; this is so heavily fragranced that it "competes" and that's not good.
3123	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like this but it dries out the skin just a little bit but it's really neat to see how it affects your skin. It actually changes colors a little bit on oily parts of the skin. Must be how it reacts with oil. Every time you use it you just have a nice clean healthy feeling
6996	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This serum works a little bit... nothing revolutionary, but "a little bit" is definitely better than nothing for fine lines. I had assumed it was a moisturizer, but it's not--you apply it after cleansing and before moisturizing. The texture is a runny gel--a bit thicker than water, but not much (e.g., lighter than any lotions). I sometimes have sensitive skin but this didn't bother me at all, and after a few days my forehead lines looked a tiny bit better, though the ones on my cheeks and near my eyes looked about the same.


6486	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	smells amazing. I use as a make-up setting spray. Great value.
4305	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If oily skin is your main concern, know that this will get skin squeaky clean.  It feels very gentle.  It takes a while to lather.  It says it can be used as shaving cream, and the best way to do that is to use wet hands and rub them together with a good squirt of this for 20-30 seconds.  If you rub your hands quickly, you will get a foam, or you can just shave with the gel.
6543	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for 6 yrs. I would not use any other product. I am very pleased with my results. I am 73 and my skin looks good for my age. Thanks, Elemis.
7472	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is one of the good hair oils that I use.  It smells wonderful.  I also use Amla, a product of Pakistan. This oil came to me with the oil having escaped the bottle so I had to absorb the oil from outside the bottle immediately after I opened it.
3696	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excelent!
Full disclosure: its probably because of the lovely smell because I am not sure that this one does anything different than the much cheaper Simple one.
2131	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Smells good thought it was cleaning well but maybe making my hair feel a little dry now it's 4 days later and my head is REALLy REALLY itchy I have to stop using this now. Never had a problem with itchy scalp before.
1621	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use a lot of ZOYA nail polish and have recently become enamoured with yellow polish . This i a color that I use  a lot. It's like  bottle of sunshine.

2921	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great body wash and love the light scent. Cleans and lathers very good and does not dry my skin. I should of tried this stuff first. Yes I will repurchase.
Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.
831	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is awesome. I really like the Jack Black shhhtuff. This face moisturizer has spf 20 that was one of the main reasons I bought it.
It also has a nice fresh scent to it that I was not expecting.
8360	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've recently switched over to Mario Badescu everything for my skin care regime and every single thing works. I've tried forever to get rid of my adult acne so I'm glad I finally found something. I live in the desert so it's difficult to find something that doesn't dry my skin but this surprisingly doesn't dry it out. I use it twice a week and follow with the healing mask to keep my skin from drying too much.
Saturday Disco Fever is a bright pure orange color. This is not a very blazing neon, so I am able to wear it to work. It looks fabulous in sunlight as well as indoors. I felt that this color is more suitable for evenings and parties in Summer. I was a little apprehensive at first because I personally don't like Yellow/Orange shades. But this color worked for me. It is more red-toned than yellow-toned. This dark Orange looks good on nails too.
Here I've avoided department store makeup for a long time, but this is one brand where--if you have the budget--it really is better than drugstore brands. I'm not at all surprised at all the other glowing reviews. I've been using this foundation for a couple weeks now, and I still keep looking closely in the mirror to marvel at how it just looks like my SKIN.
6825	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff smells strongly and it dries pink so you can't wear it during the day, but it is the only product that dries out a pimple without making the whole skin around it flakey; and really dries out whiteheads. For the hard cyst-like pimples I recommend the buffering Lotion
8716	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	it was a gift and there are no complaints
4170	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great hydrator
3836	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Definitely the best toner I've ever found. In fact, I stopped using toner for years because I found them to be so ineffective. This one is a winner!
5203	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream made my wife very happy.  As the saying goes, when your wife is happy your happiness follows!!  Said it was good feeling and did what it was said.  It didn't make her face feel greasy and she said it was still feeling nice the next morning.  I have learned that you there are many different prices one can pay for these products and this one is a mid range.  My wife will be getting more of this when this one runs out and is happy to have discovered this cream and will continue using it in the future.  She was not put off by the smell and I really didn't notice it as well.
1413	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	For me this tasted of something sweet AND something foul. I personally didn't enjoy it at all. It's definitely unique but try to find a small one if you can first.
Very impressed with this product. It does not stay in solution long so shake just before using. Otherwise this is as good as it gets; highly recommended.
3198	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Expensive, but worth every penny. Leaves my hair soft and lustrous. Perfect for colored hair.
trust which is very great business relationship with customers.
3623	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This review is for three different hair masks that you can sample and see which one is best for your type of hair. After shampooing, I applied a small amount of each product to my hair, waited five minutes, and then rinsed it out. The "intense" hydrating mask worked best for my hair and made it soft and smooth, with some shine as well. As you get older, your hair gets more frizzy and ordinary conditioner doesn't fully do the trick. This set is a great way to try out several PHYTO products without having to buy a full sized product only to find it doesn't work for you. The package comes with a cloth loop, which makes it easy to hang in a closet when you're traveling or to give as a holiday gift.

5273	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this face wash for over 2 years.  I recommend it to any one who has struggled keeping their skin clear.  I get black heads, some little white heads and the occasional big zit.  This keeps most of it all away.  Since I started using it I don't worry anymore.
1735	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Way more transparent than I thought. Pretty color with fine glitter. It's nice as a tint of color. Need 3-4 coats for opaqueness
8798	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an unusual product that is sort of moisturizer booster. I already use some pretty intense serums and moisturizers for my normal to dry skin. Honestly, when I applied this serum after my moisturizer, as instructed, I didn't notice much of a difference, possibly because I already use some serious moisturizers. Directly applied to the skin, it soaks right in without leaving a greasy, sticky feel behind. When I tried it again, this time mixing two drops in with my moisturizer, I did notice a slightly more hydrating feeling to my moisturizer. So that is the way I'll use it from now on, or alternately as a serum under the moisturizer. I do love Mario Badescu products, but don't think I'll replace this serum after it runs out. I gave it a 5 mainly because I really like the texture of the product and ease of application.
1336	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this every day I would recommend this for anyone who has special needs with thinning hair, it has made a huge difference in my daily life.

5478	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This really gives a nice smooth shave. The blade really glides over my face. I don't typically suffer from irritation after shaving but didn't get any after I used this, so the anti irritation works for me.


9610	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Previously I'd purchased the smaller size of this lavender soap because I didn't know if I would like it and it was cheaper than this large size.  Well, I definitely loved the soap and that's the reason I bought the larger bar.  Aside from the nice scent, this soap doesn't leave a film on my skin and my skin feels soft.  I know it's expensive, but it's worth it.
1231	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	awesome a must for thinning hair, just sprinkle on the area and take fingers and jiggle hair a little and style as usual...it is AMAZING...THIS is a very light blond...they also make a med blond that is great on light blond hair that may cover better...don't use too much bec it can make scalp itchy but you really don't need a lot...
5022	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all of the Borghese line
7781	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Extremely nice cleaner. I don't have heavy acne, but I do get occasional areas that come and go. After using this cleanser, I noticed all my acne getting much and mush better. It doesn't completely prevent an occasional one here and there, but for the most part, it keeps most of the outbreaks. It's perfect for my neck, where I've been having acne since getting much older. Feels nice and clean, and doesn't burn my skin.
This has a gorgeous slippery texture that creates a very low lather when mixed with water.  It has a light, refreshing fragrance that reminds me of a cross between cucumber and grapefruit.  As I work it into my skin,  I can feel it cleaning out the impurities and getting off that last bit of make-up and oil.  Unfortunately, it's a bit more of a chore to rinse than I was expecting, but once my face was rinsed and towel-dried, it felt super clean but not in the least bit tight.  And you get quite a lot of product for the money - the bottle is enormous!
My first attempt with it doesnt count, since I spread it very thin, allowing a bit of dermatitis I had at the time to show some dry skin through.  And I went out that night wondering why this was happening.  I hadnt read the instructions yet.  First of all, I thought I needed to get rid of the rash that was there before reapplying and reviewing this product, and second, I thought I needed to exfoliate since I have dry patches on spots.  Now I get it!  This particular cr&egrave;me has to be built up gradually for me. And building it up judiciously is not problematic at all.  This product is soft and smooth.  It appeared to be a very thin product at first, and it kind of softens and blends as you work with it.  It is lovely.
5. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL INTENSE POWDERCAMO (NO SPF):
1746	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color!
The Soft Water Pomade - is less sticky, but not by much, but it does allow me to mix it with water in my  hands and smooth it throughout my hair. I still can't believe this is for guys...I mean women have pomades. Perhaps it's traditionally a guy thing. (pomades for your pompadour!)
Update... I've been using this razor a few months now, and my opinion remains that this is an excellent and well construct tool. My only knock is that it's very heavy in comparison to other safety razors. With that being said; control can be a bit challenging at various angles beneath the chin for example.
The best thing about their products, they smell great and also they do not stain! I expected them to stain my clothes or bedding but there was nothing on either. If you are looking for a sunless tan that works, this is for you!

4047	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works really well for removing my make-up.  I have sensitive skin and I have tried a number of cleaning pads and they almost all irritate my skin.  It turns out it may be due to the "pad" rather than the product itself.  I was able to use a very soft woven cotton cloth with this product and it removed my make-up easily and my skin did not get irritated.  While the product description says you don't have to rinse, I do so anyway because of the sensitive skin issue.  I prefer not to leave any form of cleansing product on my face too long as it may cause it to dry my skin too much.
I now plan on adding to my collection!! I have never come across a candle that smells as good lit as unlit, most times the scent is subtle if at all!! Not so with these lafco candles! Also they have a suggested candle for each room in the house so I think I will try a lavender version next to promote a relaxing bedroom atmosphere and when I try it I will post a review!
2577	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product. fast shipping. Thank you!!!
I used this item maybe 6 times during a 3 week period. I followed the directions closely, and used it on a few acne spots on my face. Out of the few, only one whitehead disappeared within a few days. I don't know if it's because of this item, or the fact that I for once didn't pick at my skin and left it alone, or that I used a Clarisonic brush on my face daily. But since the other acne spots didn't disappear either, I contribute it to the fact that I didn't mess with my face and tried very hard to keep my face clean and moisturized.
4449	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this product. My favorite part is that it is a 3-in-1 product - cleanser, makeup remover and toner. It is easy to apply and gentle on my skin. It is expensive, but the bottle is large so it should last quite awhile.

6535	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can spray your face with rose water for $7, need I say more? Great for an afternoon makeup refresh, for hydrating at night or in the morning, or just to feel fancy af when you're chilling at home in your robe and slippies. One of my most favorite products ever!
[I will update this review if I notice anything regarding the wear and tear of the nail polish.]
86	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
 I have trouble with moisturizer disappearing into my skin. I washed my face, toned it, put moisturizer and applied this product.  I felt it was too much so I started over. I didn't want to be sticky and this time I took small amounts and applied them to dryer areas.  I apply more to my under eye area and checks.  This is when I noticed that my creepiness has dissipated quite a bit.  I am 61 with pretty good skin, but because I have a CPAP mask on every night it is starting to pull at my areas between under eyes and cheeks.
8905	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful texture and weight, lovely scent, and my skin feels WONDERFUL!! I highly recommend all of the products in the Elemis line!

5144	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is smooth and silky after using silk infusion.  It has been reformulated so if you have used it previously note that it is a bit different in look and feel.  It is clear and a little goes a long way.  My stylist has instructed me to apply the product away from my scalp and to warm it in my hands by rubbing them together before working it into my hair.  This process worked perfectly for me.  I live in a humid climate so frizz is a year round problem but with Chi and a touch of a flat iron my hair looked salon complete.  It was not oily, just smooth and finished.  Since I wash my hair daily after gym workouts and it is colored I worry about the quality and dryness of my hair.  This is a good product and it is definitely better than some of the lower end spray-on oils which I have found unsatisfactory.  I found Biosilk too greasy and L'oreal spray on oil did nothing.

7699	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product, I feel like I am seeing results. Very creamy, brightens eyes
5924	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	WOW! Absolutely love it! Color is exquisite! Glided on like butter indeed - no smearing or cleaning required after application and I m not a pro at this thing! Very long lasting! Shipping was fast!
It was $68 for 1.7 oz of the Revision Nectifirm cream, and unfortunately I saw NO difference in my neck what so ever!
8793	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased Mario Badescu before. I like that it works well with sensitive skin. This one is almost gel like and it gets absorbed quickly and deeply. Very hydrating. Thanks!
I found myself really struggling to collect up strawberry seeds for the areas that needed exfoliating, mostly my chin and nose.

1784	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	beautiful lavender colour
I'm happy with this and will look for more Vincent Longo products - this being my first one. No breakouts from it, and a nice dewy look to my skin. As well, it will fit into my bag when I travel without worrying about spills.
4578	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Didnt see and feel what I read in most of the reviews, I have curly hair, not very thick but freeze. Not for me

**Updated--THIS version has no SPF protection, but they do offer this moisturizer with SPF as well, both versions are wonderful.

2998	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	One of my favorite PCA products; the collagen cream has wheat in it, this doesn't. Nice light moisturizer, works well under makeup, not oily.
When it came, I tried on my old nail polish, just 6 drops of it was enough to restore it!! I'm so so happy I got this! It comes in 2 fl. oz squeeze type bottle and drops kind of like eye drop...the container is made of hard plastic so there's no worry for dropping too much for the lack of control.
It just felt like I was applying this serum in vain, and I love Juice Beauty products, too.
432	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this dermablend product. Actually all their products I have tried worked great. I just need to find the "right" one for my skin tone. That's hard though because you see I use this to cover my natural redness. I have plenty of color but my face is "almost" always tinged red. SO I love this stuff because 1.) its a sunscreen, 2.) its in a compact container, 3.) it last me all day. I apply once in the morning to cover my red face, hasn't happened yet but eventually someone is gonna see it and ask me why I "a man" am using make up. I will say hey whoa no hold up. This my friend is tinted sunscreen. Fortunately it says it right there on the container so I'm golden (in more ways than 1 lol). I get tired of people asking me if I have been on vacation - NO, I have not been. It's just my face tans very easy and then there is a tint of red although I am not burned. This stuff cover s the red, doesn't get on my shirt, last all day. I love it.
3857	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the only polish I can used that lasts more than 2 days on my hands.  It resists chipping more than any other I've tried.  It has a very faint pink color in the bottle but appears clear on the nails.

I'll always have it on hand when needed.  Package arrived promptly and product arrived in excellent condition.
1457	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Jack Black Industrial Strength Hand Healer works to heal the skin with Vitamin A and E. Rice Bran Oil moisturizes without being overly oily.
9887	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I found out almost all Merkur razors have the same Head, Just different handles. I still like all of my Merkurs
963	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as advertised!
WHAT WORKED FOR ME: I wanted to retain my curls, but that they look thicker. I was ready to decide it doesn't really work. Then I though I'd give it a try with my hair not wet, but not quite fully dry. I dried my hair as usual, but stopped before it was fully dry. Then I put some Fattener on my fingers, rubbed my hands together and fluffed up my curls. I found it worked! My hair looks thicker, and it is still soft and curly. Also,(as a note) my hands did not feel greasy or oily after the application. I guess if you buy it, you really have to try it different ways. I see from other reviews, that it seems to work for some people and not for others. I took off 1 star because it took me so long to find the right method for me.
2527	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for dry skin pleasurable scent don't need much to moisturize-
5129	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It straightens and protects your hair, and smells amazing. I used to love this product until I realized that it doesn't do anything spectacular aside from that. The problem is there are much better products out there. Moroccanoil and Kerastase are two better brands that come to mind. Still, a good straightening serum.

My partner who's in her 20's hated this product. Her skin is naturally very oily and she thought it felt slick and thick and just not pleasant. Her laugh lines and slight lines around her eyes saw zero change. She was the first to stop using it after just a few applications because she just hated how it felt and had to wipe it down to apply makeup even an hour later.
1243	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
So far, so good.
629	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Jane Iredale. Very natural looking.
1703	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love the color, perfect for summer. It's a little on the thin side, which I find is usual for Essie colors, but multiple coats leaves you with a solid, light coral color.
4722	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It works well, but the smell is a little medicinal. I found that Philip B. Maui Wowie and Beach Blow Texturizing Mist work even better. The latter products both have sea salt, but the Ocean Mist spray has the main ingredient as alcohol, so that was disappointing. It did work, although I would recommend the other two products to work better.
5119	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this as a stocking stuffer for my mom, she loves the stuff. So anytime I shop I always pick up a tube for her.

7497	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used to use this and for some reason stopped and tried other things. I'm happy and relieved I'm using it again, because it works! It seems to do an excellent job providing heat protection while also keeping my hair soft and manageable. It's slightly pricy for a relatively small bottle, but you only have to use a bit, so it will last forever. I personally like this a bit better than Biosilk, for I think it does a better job without making my hair greasy looking at all.

Haven't noticed any difference or improvement from this product other than leaving the skin soft and slightly moisturized, never greasy. No changes in irritation or redness, certainly no changes in anti aging or wrinkles.
4133	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Maybe I'm doing it wrong, but this doesn't work at all for me. It just blows the product off of my hair...

8825	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great eye cream. I've been meaning to start a nightly beauty regimen and have bad crows feet around my eyes.  I saw a difference the next day and the wrinkles have diminished the longer I've used it. Great product with a great price. Oh a little does go a long way!
6738	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The curling iron works really well, curls come out really pretty and last all day.  No issues with over heat and especially like rotational cord.  Seller very good about sending product arrived earlier than expected and packaged very well.
4712	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	BEST cleanser out there for us Rosacea sufferers!!!! GOOD price, well packaged will order again DEFINITELY!!!!!!!
6841	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my holy grail of pimple creams! It is very drying (hence the name!) so use sparingly! That said, this really helps to reduce large spots overnight for me!
550	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Reviewed by my wife: I have several Dermablend products: the "CoverCreme" in several colors; the "Liquid Camo Medium Coverage Foundation"; the "INTENSE PowderCamo". I got them for my daughter to use for stage makeup (she has been doing character makeup for a small Shakespeare troupe in our county). It works amazingly!

5947	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My first bottle of butter LONDON nail polish is a gorgeous mauve-pink shade with pearlescent/metallic overtones.  The bottle wouldn't open until I saw that it was sealed with a special sticker and you have to pull off the cute rectangular top to get at the real top that unscrews to reveal the brush.  Clever!  Also no leaks.
9451	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this product. Has helped improve skin texture. Like thatvit comes in a jar vs a squeeze tube orvoumpbbottle.  Again I think the product is c a bit I ver priced.
792	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Me: Late 40's, with dry, sensitive skin and a couple "age spots" on my cheeks. I'm a foundation hater and rarely wear it, but I love this Vincent Longo Water Canvas. I don't feel it on my face, yet it covers the hyperpigmentation, not quite 100%, but enough to make me happy. Of course the directions suggest using the Vincent Longo primer first, but I use Laura Geller's Spackle and it works fine with the Spackle. No cake-y feeling, it isn't drying, it feels watery/cooling when applied. I use a Takelon foundation brush. More expensive than most foundations, but a little goes a long way. I'm a fair/cool skintone and the Bisque is the perfect shade for me.
2756	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Overall this is a nice, creamy moisturizer. It does a good job of locking in moisture and is light on the skin. There's a light floral scent that I don't care for as I prefer no scent in moisturizers, but that is a personal preference. There is an ever-so-slight plumpness that this product gives to the skin which visually is nice and youthful, and it seems to last a few hours. I don't know if the anti-fatigue part really does as much as you'd think, but I will say that my under eyes seem a bit less puffy these days but about as dark as usual. I have olive-skin that is pretty thick, so this product might be better for lighter, thinner skin people.
1407	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Takes a little getting used to - but is really very pleasant.
I like light coverage on my foundation, so I did not use a ton of the product to cover my face.  I'm sure that if you prefer a heavier coverage that this product could do that as well.
The one thing that you must know about Proraso is it has menthol, and eucalyptus, and lots of it. It has been described as having a cooling or even bracing sensation, so much so that some guys don't like to use it in the winter. It also has a very strong and unique smell. Some say it smells medicinal, I think it smells like an Italian sewer to be honest. So why do I think it is the best cream? Well, 1st it is a great value for the money. While it may look expensive, when using a brush, you only need an almond sized amount in your bowl for a clean shave. So a tube will last you 3 months easy. It is essentially no more expensive than the dried out gunk they sell in aerosol cans at your local drugstore and yet it performs as well as something 3x's the price. Second, it produces a rich lather that has a slickness to it, which I believe is one of the most important parts of a good shave. A slick shaving cream means less drag from the razor. Third, it is great for guys like me who have thick beards. Some prefer a lighter lather, but I have found that with a thick beard you need all the protection you can get. Fourth, it comes in a tube, which I prefer to a shaving soap (soaps dry out my face) and to tubs. I travel a lot and I find it easier to travel with a tube then with a tub, just fits in my Dop bag better for some reason. Also, I have found that creams you get in a tube (and Proraso especially) can still give you a good shave without a brush. Some other brands say they will give you a good shave with or without a brush, but not true in my experience. I don't take my brush with me when I travel, and the fact that I can still get a good lather while traveling is a big plus. Fifth, I like the cooling (bracing effect) that I described earlier. If you are like me and ingrown hairs and razor burn are your main worries, washing off your face with cold water after you shave is nice, kind of like putting an ice pack on an inflamed knee, it dulls the irritation. Finally, it works great with the other products in the line. I have never liked pre-shave oils because, while they do protect the face, they make it harder to apply shaving cream and gunk up your razor. However, with the Proraso preshave it is different. It is not an oil, but a paste, so it seems to come off easier (however, take it easy with the preshave, put on too much and it will actually produce a burning sensation from all the menthol). Also, I really like the Proraso aftershave, not too thick not too thin. Put them all together and you can get a very good shave. If you don't want to spend the money on the Proraso aftershave, the Nivea Sensitive Balm is great too and half the price and available at most drug stores.
6861	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best zit killer around.  Couldn't do with out.
7626	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Quick to ship, the item was received as described. Love this product! Will buy from again in the future. Thank you for a smooth transaction.
5060	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this in combination with Baxter's toner and regular moisturizer. I think this night cream may be my favorite of the bunch. It has a really nice consistency and goes on very easily and very well. I've been using it about three weeks now and have definitely noticed an improvement. It appears that this will be able to last a few months while applying nightly, so there's a decent value per use with it. Overall, I'm very pleased with this product.

3165	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Not a good shave for me. I am now a Feather only guy as I need a razor that is super sharp and will not drag.
8491	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This skin care line dramatically changed my skin! I use this twice a day and it never dries out my skin! its so refreshing and makes my pores feel so clean! For the price I would recommend this product to anyone suffering from acne, or oily skin!
2627	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very impressed with this scent. It is masculine without being too heavy. It makes me feel more grounded and confident wearing it, and my fiance loves it (always a plus!). My new favorite scent.
8044	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have some thinning in my part, and have been using Joan River's Great Hair Day for years. It gives a slight itch sometimes but is easy to brush on and gives full coverage. I bought the Toppik after reading reviews of no itch and how it works better than Great Hair Day. I kept shaking it on my head and it didn't look like the powder even came out. Then I slowly see a pile of powder forming on my hair, and I had to mix it in with my fingers. I even tried using the Great Hair Day brush, to no avail - the brush didn't pick up on the Toppik powder. I used the Toppik applicator for parts which I bought seperately, but that didn't work well either. I'm back to using Great Hair Day and the Toppik is sitting ignored in my closet.
2945	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After using this in a sample, I was hooked.  It lasts a long time so iit makes up for the extra expense.  You get a really nice smooth, clean shave and it even seems to make the razors last longer.... So that saves some money too.  I don't know that I could go back to the can shaving creams after using this and the tube lasts a good 4 months because the small amount needed.
I personally think Elemis reviews their own products with high marks as part of their marketing initiative because I find most of them to be shockingly overrated.
2832	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
Result:  I decided I like this fragrance better if I spray it on my clothes rather than on my skin. It's a bit softer on my clothing, but still smells mostly floral with a touch of freshness.
She has many different tones on her face and body, so she has several different shades she uses rather than trying to make everything the same color.  It turns out fantastic the way she does it.  I wish I could put a video up of her before, applying and after.  I've never seen any of her make-ups come out so well... plus it has a helpful SPF to keep her from getting darker (yes she gets darker with sun exposure).

7773	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like this shampoo. It cleans effectively, smells nice, and lathers well. Not sure if it has done anything to noticeably thicken my hair, but works well as a daily shampoo.
2813	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	well worth the money, and well constructed built to last. I received a quality shave.
431	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this product. It is smooth and feels good on my skin. The coverage is amazing and it stays put. A little goes a long way so use carefully. The generous size of the jar assures a long lasting supply.
3131	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really good men's antiperspirant and deodorant
9347	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've had my eye on this product for a while now but I was trying to finish up some of my other hair products before getting yet another thing that would add to my large collection of cosmetics and potions. My mom was sweet enough to give this to me as a gift so of course I had to use is asap, there was no way I was going to wait while it sat on my shelf! This turned out to be such a great surprise, this really works wonders. Let me say right away that men and women can both use it, its not something that only half of us can enjoy, I think my friend Danny who's also a hair product fanatic will really like this!
6508	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I have been buying this candle for years. Each candle lasts about 6 months with roughly 4 hours burn time a week. We love this brand (and this scent) because it fills our home with a pleasant yet subtle scent. I've tried other candles that smelled pleasant at first, but after about 30 minutes of burning began to smell overly sweet/fake.
* None

My husband recently came home after working outside in the wind all day and had very dry, scaly skin.  I decided to try spraying the thermal spray on his dry skin and then putting lotion on over that.  We used Burt's Bees Shea butter lotion over the thermal spray.  By the evening, very surprisingly his skin was looking a lot less scaly, felt fairly soft, and wasn't cracking.  I didn't use a control....one arm without thermal spray, one arm with thermal spray.  But I was rather surprised.  I can't say how long this will last, I don't get spray happy, but there does some to be quite a bit of product.  Again this seems very strange to do, I can't speak to all the claims the company makes, but instead of using toner, I spritz my face, put on my moisturizer and it seems to really make my moisturizer more effective, I don't have a good explanation for this, but that does seem to be the case.
6734	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Glides through hair without snagging, gets nice and hot and stays that way.  It's also nice to get two replacement springs with the iron - that is always the first thing to go on these things and then they lose all effectiveness because the jaws won't stay closed.
What I also like about this is that it is excellent at removing makeup; when I wipe a cotton pad with toner over my face after cleansing with this, no makeup residue is left on the cotton pad.
The products overall, I'm sad to say, never completely eliminated my problem: high cost - no real results. Had it, obviously I would be raving about it and not complaining about the cost (when you invest in the standard bottles). When will these companies get that if something really works people will happily pay for it - so long as it's reasonable? Anyway, I gave up on the all natural toner & have moved onto trying the Clinique acne kit in hopes it may slay my acne beast. But that's a new regime for me and thus I can't say for sure how it's going as of yet.
I 'm pretty much neutral girl when it comes to nail polish, but this was a nice and fun experience having this vibrant color on my finger tips.
8120	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this is one of the best liners I have tried.
2890	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I didn't purchase this from Amazon and am reviewing for the product only. I'm a male, don't color my hair BUT I like/love tingle. It's a bonus is that this makes my hair extremely soft (yet not heavy or oily), smells mild/nice and has a good ingredient list. As of now, this is my favorite conditioner on the market!! I really, REALLY like it. The only con is maybe the packaging--it's a bit feminine, which could put off a male buyer. Who really cares though?
3323	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	no complaints
Like I said, it took a bit to get the application down just right.  This should not discourage you, you just need a little practice. I wash my hair, blow dry it and apply the Toppik, using a hand mirror to see the back.  I use the Toppik until I get good coverage, brush it and then use a light spray of Tresseme hairspray.  It kind of seals it on the hair and keeps everything in place, but it is not stiff.  Most days this is just a minute or so.  You don't need to blowdry if you just let your hair dry naturally, but don't use the Toppik on wet hair.  I think that it would clump.  Also the blow dryer give the hair a bit of volume which helps.

1794	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice and bold love it

-it hides grays between colors
First of all with "Foaming" right there in the name, I expected, well...foam.  I washed my face.  No foam.  Next day I washed and added more water.  Still no foam.  Next day I went at it with a washcloth.  Still.  No.  Foam.  While I love a foamy face wash, but am also equally happy with a non-foamy face wash, I was just disappointed that this didn't live up to it's name.
  I started purchasing from Amazon and found the product more reasonably priced.  Amazon also has a pump that screws onto the Toppik bottle and you can direct the powder better to the areas where you need it most.  I use a little hair spray to help hold it in place.  I found the medium brown covers my scalp better than the light brown and blends better with my hair color and highlights.  I would be lost without this product.  One negative I don't think can be avoided, is the powder can make your hair look a little dull at the roots, but the alternative would be the appearance of  thinning hair.  I order the refills and re-use my container.
2034	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is so pretty!!! I saw it on pinterest and had to get it! I is pretty light so I have to put on about 3 coats to get my ideal color, but I usually put on 2 coats of any color anyway just to get good coverage.
5523	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've recently discovered that my thick hair was starting to fall out around the bangs area.  Through the tears I decided to try different products to see which was the best for me.  I tried tinted dry shampoo, root touch up spray and Toppik.  The root touch up spray was just ok, I felt that I had to spray paint on my head.  It does cover grays roots very well!  Tinted dry shampoo was better and passable,  I did't like the feel of it though plus you have to brush a lot of the dust out. Toppik was my favorite of the 3 by far.  It covered well and blended in nicely with my hair color.  This is what I'll be using!
Where I used this first was on my forearms where I am beginning to get some age spots....as well I should since I AM a certified senior citizen.  Ialso have a Maine Coon Cat that softly nips at my skin to tell me thanks for scratching him under his chin.  Those little bites, however, makes marks sometime on this aged skin.  This cream did cover up both the spots and the nips.  I used my fingertips and just patted where they were and after a few moments I rubbed over the patted spots and smoothed it out on my arm.  It worked quite well.

318	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this top coat, it keeps nail polish clear and rhinestones in place. It's easy to spread to make a thin coat.

5682	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I think the color did not match my hair correctly.  If I order another one, it will probably be the medium brown instead of the light brown.
B. Also, with the white translucent powder I have found that I am getting a more dimensional look by applying the light shade powder on certain areas of my face, and on top or around in certain areas like cheeks, nose, chin, forehead, I will carefully apply and moments later lightly dust the medium-toned translucent powders as described, allowing it to not look quite so much like monotone matte over my sallow complexion.  Another plus 1,000%! For me.
In summary, this formulation is a good combo of light AHA's and hydrating ingredients while steering clear of the "no-no"s. If you are looking for an immediate refining/ brightening effect, only a professional peel or IPL/laser treatment would do that; i'd recommend this cream as a good "maintenance" cream that gradually further refines skin on a slower basis, albeit much gentler.
1868	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another beautiful color, I am loving this.

2055	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I saw this color on Pinterst and had to have it.  Much to my excitement, the bottle was much less expensive then in the store and arrived quickly.  I've worn already and it lasts on my nails great.
7265	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	it is much convenient for me to shopping on amazon. It is really good and cheap.
3896	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this has helped so much with strengthening my nails and grow them.  I really like this.
9511	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I reviewed this product too early, before I saw any results.  It definitely hides the appearance of lines around my eyes.  However, I'm not sure whether or not when I stop using it, they will reappear.  It also works on other problem areas, such as striations on my neck.  For that alone, I'd gladly purchase this cream.
THE BOTTOM LINE

Small amount gently applied
2725	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice, expensive for what you get but nice neutral colors and last all day.
After one week of using this product, I noticed my pores were definitely not as noticeable and my acne was greatly improving! I was still thinking there's no way this product is this great! I also noticed that my skin looked brighter and healthier as well.
2170	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A while back, frustrated by razor burn and ingrown hairs, I took to the internet to find a solution. I had a heavy beard, with skin that was dry and sensitive. I hated shaving, my face was read, burning and bleeding when I was done shaving, and I couldn't use an expensive blade for more than a week. One thing I was introduced to was wetshaving. Wetshaving can best be described as "old time" shaving. Wetshaving is far superior to the shaving technique that most men use today, and has greatly improved my shaving experience, and I don't dread shaving like I used to.

5103	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing stuff, super hydrating. I like that it's a nice and compact size.
And the real benefit?  No more tips shot across the room!  Turns out that was happening because the dull blades of standard clippers pinch the tip off instead of cutting, and that makes them fly off.  With this one, they just fall right off with no force behind them.  It is great, and makes me look forward to the task.
I will definitely buy again as it the smell and hold are perfect!


7827	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has been using this shaving gel for the past week, and he really likes it.  It's gentle on his sensitive skin, and provides a nice, clean shave.  The pump dispenser works nicely, and dispenses just the right amount for a full shave of the face and neck.
5928	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like my title reflects, I use this nail polish for the white tips of my French manicures. I love it and it works perfectly. I do Butter basecoat, then this white, then Butter top coat and it's perfect
1198	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Really pleased with TOPPIK hair building fibers.. I would prefer to have a thick head of hair but since that is not the case I am very thankful for this product. It gives me the confidence to go out and feel comfortable without worrying that people are staring at my thinning hair.
I personally think Elemis reviews their own products with high marks as part of their marketing initiative because I find most of them to be shockingly overrated.
5780	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Deep cleaning without drying...love it!
7304	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I bought this in the lavender and lime which has a nice smell. However I'm not too sure if it's me or the spray bottle but I find it difficult to spray in a room without the liquid dripping from the hole and into my hand, fingers and onto the bottle. This has me wondering how much spray is going into the room. Prior to purchasing this I had been using Diptyque room sprays which are more than double the price of these but had a similar experience with some of them as well. This spray has a rather light smell and it needs more spray to scent the rooms it's being used in. I don't mean to be critical of this product and have just ordered another one in a different fragrance. I don't plan on returning this one as 'defective' or 'doesn't work' as I do believe the issue with the spray is probably mine. I would recommend giving this brand of room spray a try - there are many different fragrances to choose from depending on a particular preference. The lavender and lime that I based this review on is for my upstairs where the bedrooms and bathrooms are located and where I prefer a soft fragrance.

9611	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like many buyers of this brand I discovered this soap while staying at the Four Seasons hotels in Westlake village,ca. These bars smell so good and they last for nearly two months.  Thats just a 2oz bath size ,I can only imagine what the 8oz will stay useful? I have used these soaps for showers due to my water softner and the risk of slipping. Never drying nor any setbacks like itching,sticky film or lots of soap scum. Luxury all wrapped up in one bar
2743	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using NUXE products for several years, and I generally enjoy them.  They are consistently good quality and I've never run across a skin-irritating one yet.  The eye contour cream is another dependable entry in the NUXE catalogue.  It is light, non-irritating and absorbs very cleanly.  It's easy to apply this one little swipe under each eye, and you can go over it with your concealer after about 30 seconds.
The addition of "allantoin/Comfrey Root Extract" is significant and explains why this heals the skin so fast. Allantoin is said to produce an increase in leukocytes/white blood cells that help to ward off infection.
688	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I had heard good things about this product, but after using it- I noticed it really tangled my hair in the shower. I have pretty thick hair and I don't recall any other shampoo ever doing this to my hair. After using it, it took me quite some time to comb out all the split ends in my hair- and I am a man so I don't have super long hair.
385	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dermablend is fanastic for cover up, it takes care of some really stubborn problems. I've used it for bruises on my knees and acne scars on my face. If you're in between shades like I am, it's really easy to blend these together and you really only need a tiny bit, it goes a long way. The easiest application for me has been with sponges, not brushes unless you're working on a really tiny spot. I use this for overall face coverage and my beauty blender works great with it. Highly recommend if you need something reliable and are willing to spend the dough.
Like "Gone Gonzo," "Fresh Frog of Belair" is a clear polish with green microglitter and large silver glitter in it. It took SEVEN coats of this polish to cover my nails, and the coverage is still not good. It looks like a cheap drugstore polish and does not cover the edges of my nail or the tips. It looks like I have been digging in gravel and the manicure is brand new. Like other OPI polishes that have this large silver glitter, the ends of my nails were sharp enough to score glass and I had to file them after they were polished. I had to use two coats of Seche Vite topcoat to make the polish smooth enough not to catch on denim, and these NINE layers of polish will take a full thirty minutes to remove, even when using pure acetone.
Unfortunately it is usually very heavy and greasy, making me break out.
6496	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the way this candle smells. Burns for many hours.
If you have dry skin, I would expect this cleanser to be appropriate.

3124	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First off, you don't need to use this product a lot- I use it maybe once every 3 weeks. You can actually feel a kinda burning effect- that's how powerful this product is. Follow the directions, and your skin will be squeaky clean when you're done. This produt does everything it says it does.

Applying Toppik is fairly simple.  Begin by sprinkling it a little at a time until you see the desired effect.  If you are placing it near your hairline, Toppik offers a tool for putting it in a small, defined area.  (I just hold a tissue on my face to avoid having it settle on my skin.)  The top of the jar is wide so, if you want to cover a very small area, the tool could be quite handy.
Glass jar with plastic top, provides easy access.
5933	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Butter London has once again met and exceeded all my expectations. This polish color is just as vibrant as it appears. Butter London's colors are always rich and beautiful in person. All what I really love about their nail polish is the fact that is doesn't have any of the horrible smells that many of the other brands have because they cut out those chemicals. The polish doesn't destroy the nail like many other products and is always easy to remove and applies smoothly and thickly. Two coats is perfect. If you haven't tried their polish before I highly recommend it!
2914	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best body wash on the market.
It has a slight fragrance that I find uplifting and soothing at the same time.

7700	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff- I love the consistency and the moisturizing effect it has on my eyes. Love it
5414	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I hadn't tried this particular cream before, but like the others I use (Skin Strengthening Complex, Physical Cleansing Scrub), it is a fabulous product and leaves my skin feeling like velvet.  I also feel like these products help fight the aging effects of sun and environmental factors.
160	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OPI PRODUCTS ARE GREAT !  The polish stays on without chipping for at least a week

The cleanser smells really good and cleans my skin without drying or irritating my skin. I have oily skin and it leaves no residue, just lightly cleans. The flakes of seaweed in the product really work and my skin has never felt better and my rosecea has calmed down.
6043	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was sent a sample of this cleansing lotion from Nordstrom and liked it so much that I purchased more.  It is great for combination skin.  I have oily skin around my nose and upper cheeks as well as my forehead.  The rest of my face is dry.  This is called the 'T-zone'.  I have used this cleanser and it's gentle, does not clog my pores, and has a nice clean smell.  It does not suds up so I need to be careful not to use too much.  I like it a lot.
7988	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I get post-partem hair loss when my babies are 3-4 months old. This time was worse than last time and I had actual bald spots along with thinning right at the FRONT of my hairline! This stuff is great. You couldn't see the bald spots and it seemed to thicken the new baby hairs growing back in. I bought the applicator and it worked great. I am now at 7 months post partem and I don't need to use it as much, but I still have about half the container left. I will save it for my next baby. The only thing I will mention is that these fibers do cling. So, make sure to shake your head a bit, maybe finish getting ready and then wipe off your face and clothes if you have to. Also, I have very dark hair and used the dark brown color, so I can't rate the other colors.

8215	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lovely color!!
1279	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I lost some hair when I was diagnosed with a medical issue and was left with a few small balding patches. As a female this was extremely embarrassing. I am so glad I found this product! I have told friends I use it and they have stared at my head and can't tell where the powder is versus my actual hair. It has made me much more confident! Occasionally when I scratch my head some of it comes off onto my hand but this is a minor annoyance compared to how great it makes me look.
5751	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I dislike most hair products, but pomade is an exception. Its waxy texture helps keep hair manageable without making it stiff. It leaves it with a nice shine without looking artificial.
7305	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My home smells like a posh place without pets! Mmm, like spraying a room with a perfume made for it. Love it! And all my guests have given me many, many compliments on how wonderful my home is smelling these days. A great find!
7962	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Saw on Dr. Oz so ordered it. Very disappointed though. Did not fill in at all. Made no difference. Would return if it wasn't such a hassle.
Overall, I highly recommend this product and will purchase in the future due to the value and effectiveness.

6304	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Mario Badescu products are really good and this shampoo gives a good lather and leaves my hair feeling clean and shiny. I like it.

6948	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good .product....feels great on scalp and goes a long way.....I have hair down to mid thigh and a little goes a long way

8606	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The brush is loved by everyone in my family.  When my children come home for a visit the brushes seem to walk out the door with them when they leave!  They hold up to daily use for years.  My original brush is 12 years old and the handle is a bit worn with some of the white tips missing.  Hope the company continues to keep making a great product.
I saw this color on a blog for a Fall nail polish collection and this Morandi green captured my heart. It was very pretty, but definitely, need more than two coats.
CLOSEST SHAVE EVER!!!
1408	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't like the flavor and texture of it, felt old/dry
9529	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My teenager has been using this on his face for a few weeks now.  His skin is generally clear anyway, but he does have occasional problems with acne.  For some reason, his problems always happen at the precise moment he would not want them to.  He has not had any problems since he started using this.  This could be caused by:
7421	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I asked the resident neanderthal to test this for my review but he said only girly-men use a night cream so I tried it myself.
2040	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wasn't sure about this color but the minute i tried it on I was in love!  The color has a bit of shimmer and its more of a pinkish coral color.
8184	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's a staple in my moisturizing regime. It's smooth and doesn't leave any oily residue. It's a terrific product that my facialist turned me on to. So glad she did!

~The Rebecca Review
1177	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	These just really didn't work for me. I have diffuse thinning--not the worst out there, but quite noticeable. Sprinkling the fibers just caused them to kind of bunch up and clump, so it was really obvious there was something unsavory going on on my scalp. If you sweat a little bit or scratch your head, the fibers will really turn into clumps. I'm glad this works for other people, but I don't really want anyone to be able to tell that I'm hiding my thin hair behind some powder.

2480	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	After using Crest strips for a while, I decided to try this system. It works fine, but went back to the white strips.
3. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SET + REFRESH LONG-LASTING MAKE-UP SETTING SPRAY (NO SPF):
5329	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a product I use a couple of times a week.  Any NIA24 skin care product is worth checking out.  This works nice with just a dab on a wash cloth, to prevent dry flaky surface skin.

134	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	True to color. I was afraid it would be some mustard yellow, but it's a very "daisy" sort of yellow.
The first common mistake people make with a foundation like this, is that using more and applying thickly will give better coverage, especially when it comes to birthmarks and dramatic skin imperfections.

This is a great evening, late afternoon cologne. It's strong men! Very strong! Unlike Calvin Klein's euphoria, which is light and takes a couple of spritzs to get the scent on you - Obsession needs only one spritz and you're good to go - more than that and you'll smell like some Guido who bathed in it.
Original review:
3436	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, long lasting color. What more can we ask for?
7193	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This dry shampoo is amazing!  Not like any live ever used before. A powder that is very fine and silky that you put in your hands and then work into your hair. Good to freshen when you can't wash. Has lemony scent. Love it!!!
2621	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Calvin Klein Eternity was a fragrance I used quite regularly in the mid 1990's.  I was so happy to receive a sample to test for review and revisit an old friend.  Unfortunately this is not the same fragrance I remember.  The original Eternity was a distinctive sexy, clean, floral scent that is hard to forget.  This new formula is musky, masculine and made me nauseous after wearing it for a few minutes.
2404	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Calvin Klein's Obsession was one of the earliest releases in the designer fragrance craze, and it has since become a classic.  Obsession is a warm, earthy, sensual scent.  There is no floral or sweetness to it; rather, it has a musky, almost masculine quality with a bit of a vanilla note.  The scent is gently seductive--alluring enough for romance, but also subtle enough for everyday wear.  In has excellent staying power, as it lingers on the skin all day long.
9235	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Mario Badesco's Drying Lotion is a remarkable product that not only works on overnight healing of skin eruptions but also is an excellent production for immediate relief of the thing of bug bites. It seems like this small bottle lasts forever also.
1427	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great
Flip top caps are my favorite. Easy to open and close. Keeps the gel at the bottom and tea to dispense.
6303	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite shampoo. Very mild. Cleanses and rinses well. Keeps my hair very healthy.
9956	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. I have used this white variety in conjunction with the green preshave (menthol and eucalyptus), as well as by itself. I found that it loads the shaving brush with lather as quickly as the other Proraso soaps, which is to say that you'll have all the soap you need in the brush within 30 seconds. Note that you will have to soak your shaving brush for a few minutes to make this happen. I found that blooming the soap was of limited utility, as this isn't a hard soap puck, but rather more like a stiff cream.
4608	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As one other reviewer said, "Nothing unwrinkles wrinkles." And to be honest, I don't have a lot of wrinkles to start with, so I won't comment at all about this product's effectiveness on wrinkles. BUT, my skin gets dry at times, and I'm not getting any younger...
There is a slight fragrance, but it is more pleasant than not (a bit of citrus, I guess) and it does not linger.

1237	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Product was as expected :-)
4783	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am a woman who suffers from skin issues from
Over the years I've found this to be true with virtually all tools of trade and recently bought him a pair of $700 Kamisori shears for $265 with free shipping to boot. As for the curling iron it arrived in it's sealed retail packaging and again with a Prime membership you get free two day shipping to boot.
8868	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As expected
9904	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hey, the price is better than alternatives I've seen both on Amazon and elsewhere. Let's hope it stays that way and let's stay on top of that.
8200	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice top coat for a smooth shiny finish. Seems to last well. I got it a little cheeper on Amazon then at the department store.

494	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is amazing. My skin color match is a 60W, so it's a little dark for me, but WOW. The product goes on smoothly and covers flawlessly. It makes me look like I have glowing skin and feels luxurious. It's a little heavy, but that's what I expected, given the description. I love that this company makes such varied tones and shades for darker skin.
3674	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	While I love some Baxter hair products, This was just a pretty average conditioner. It is minty but not tea tree. I hate the pump bottle, it is too thin and flimsy and caves when you pump the product. Just OK, I much prefer my aveeno conditioner but I will definitely keep using the Baxter Slick Pomade which is fantastic!


758	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all of these sprays for men.  This one is my favorite.  For women, I like the CK One.  These smell like a man, but not musky like aftershave, and not fruity or perfumey like those of women.  The smell stays on all day.  Have someone check for you.  Sometimes men keep applying, but because they are used to the smell, they don't realize how strong it is.
I find the 37c definitely does slice through hair better. Absolutely no tugging or pulling. I get a much smoother closer shave with no irritation. With my 33c the corners of my mouth were tricky. The razor would get stuck and drag. The 37c glides right over with no friction.
3562	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A nice facial cleanser for acne.  I am approaching 60 and still have break outs and slightly oily skin.  This is a good cleanser as it doesn't strip my skin.  Would buy again.
4776	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Definitely a good value ! Very satisfied with how my hair feels after using !
264	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	People love this color! It is a bit more orange/coral than pictured. Very tropical!
317	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite! Love this polish. Although this specific bottle seems to chip quicker than my previous bottles of the same color.

needed. The wonderful cr&egrave;mes I love work nicely with Loreal Dermablend Professional Translucent Loose Setting Powder with micronized powder, with the cotton puffs. It hides flaws when that is part of what you are going for.  This particular product is very fine, not grainy, and perhaps a bit creamy.  It definitely blends in well.  It is very nice for creating a thin and matte next barrier, keeping the cr&egrave;me, bases, foundations, from smudging to hands, clothing.  In various ways, since Amazon is not going to know my exact skin color, I have experimented, I am able to get some creative looks I sought in using the various loose powder shades together:
This is a good set of full-sized products to buy or give as a gift.  If you're used to shaving every other day with regular shaving cream only, this set of products should make it possible to shave every day, comfortably.  The only downside is that some of the products have to be literally pried out of the packaging with a butter knife.
2153	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	minty, cool, fresh feeling.  Easy to lather.
2100	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The pink color advertised is actually almost clear when you put it on your nails, no matter how many coats you put on. I mixed it with a white polish, which helped, but you shouldn't have to do that. Don't expect a solid color
5804	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to reorder another color, but it is no longer available, so tried this.  Beautiful Rosy red color.  Almost translucent, so color looks very natural.  Almost like you bit your lips and color came up with a shine. Very moisturizing but wears off easily.  I can't wear many because they dry too much.  Not this one.
9224	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work!
5300	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product mainly just for eyeshadow and to outline my eyebrows, and it is AWESOME. I could see someone using it over concealer (if applied lightly) or even used as a base under a smokey eye, or even natural eye. It is sooooo pigmented with beautiful champagne shimmer. I am going to try the other shades soon!
Pros - definitely works to improve skins color and texture
325	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This wasn't the color I wanted from the POTC collection, but somehow I ended up buying it anyway. I chose this over a lilac by Essie, which was more along the lines of what I was actually looking for. While I do like some shades of the purple family, I'm not huge on purple-purple in general. I took a chance thinking it might be a fun color, though I was really expecting to dislike it. It is a bright color, but not nearly as overwhelming as some purples out there. It worked well with my skin color, I figure because it has more blue than red. I guess it turned out to be the super purple polish for the non-fan of purple. =-)
8410	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	(Purchased form Ulta)


9754	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Initially hesitant of the rich texture, this product has won me over by completely delivering on the promise to hydrate and soothe my skin.  I just got over a terrible cold and instead of having a red, flaky nose as a souvenir, my face looks great with no redness or flakiness.  That's because this moisturizer truly works!  Excited to have found this product before the winter months that typically dry out my sensitive, combination skin.

4693	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bioelements is the best product i have ever tried.  Now have been using for 20 years and at 50 i am told i look 30.
5399	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this face system and buying on line makes it affordable.

551	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Reviewed by my wife: I have several Dermablend products: the "CoverCreme" in several colors; the "Liquid Camo Medium Coverage Foundation"; the "INTENSE PowderCamo". I got them for my daughter to use for stage makeup (she has been doing character makeup for a small Shakespeare troupe in our county). It works amazingly!
It took a few days to see major results but I did notice each day improvements, it was certainly an experience for me as I don't typically care for this kind of thing but I'll try just about anything once. I'll have to say though seeing as the differences were noticed by others I may consider this a regular product. It's still strange for me though as normally I toss and turn at night and a couple nights I did have some stuff all over my pillow but it just made me have cleaner sheets on the bed. I ended up just switching to wearing the stuff for only a few hours before bed and washing it off before sleeping so that I could not have a mess in the bed (that sounds horrible).
9657	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You're going to love it !
I've got some Dermablend makeup for tattoos on order.  I'll update this review when I find out who well this powder works with that as well.
1944	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Long wearing and easy to apply formula.  Love the Essie line.  Was not able to find in the local store.  Fast shipping and brand new bottle
Formula-wise, this is one of my favorite Zoyas.  It did require three coats to become opaque, but it was super easy to apply.  It was not drippy and the brush was fairly narrow (not wide like those Nails Inc. brushes), which I felt gave me a good level of control.  It dried quickly (helped along by some Seche Vite fast dry topcoat) and has a nice shine and a smooth, even surface.
I think this fragrance would work for anyone who enjoys something light with a hint of a walk through the woods.
2466	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	wonderful product.
332	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My wife likes the smoothness of the product as it makes it easy to apply. What she loves about it is that is has the SPF 30 feature which she finds most products having only SPF 15.

2094	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOOOOVE Essie polishes - they wear great, don't chip, and have dozens and dozens of colors you can't find anywhere else -- this color is vibrant and has the TINIEST [and i mean TINY] amount of sparkle to it -- it is a great go-to color for when you can't decide at the salon -- for ALL AGES! :) I highly recommend this one, ladies :)

9185	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If I could change anything about Mario Badescu Drying Lotion product, it would be the quantity.

3903	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I never got this product from the shipper (not Amazon).  Amazon did a great job canceling my order and providing me with a refund.  I cannot complain about Amazon's part of the process.
9837	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very clean scent, like a fresh lines.. what is odd is that it is masculine and feminine. I believe a guy or gal can wear this. its also a nice touch up to just freshen the air or a piece of clothing. little goes a long way.


9329	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	With my hair turning white I use this oil on the ends after washing it.  No split ends and no flyaway hair.  The Best..
1040	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my wife, and she really liked it. The setting powder works great with her face cream and foundation, and keeps her makeup on and fresh all day. She said the white color powder was translucent and matched with her skin color. Thumbs up for this one.
The cream is very thick- almost too thick- and a little goes a long way. There is no scent- very little if any.
The cuts are clean and never rip, tear, or leave one with the need to file ones nails after. The storage pouch is black leather and the clippers stay snugly inside once placed. Since these are so slender, I've swapped out another pair of clippers in my purse and these took their place. These do what advertised, take up very little storage space, and appear to be quite durable. I certainly recommend for all nail trimming needs.
6809	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really clears up blemishes overnight. Make sure you follow the directions and don't mix the solution and just dip a q tip in it.
4452	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Not only is this a good alcohol-free cleanser, it leaves your face feeling smooth and healthy. This is a more luxurious cleanser than the less-expensive brands you pick up at the local drugstore. The rub is this: Those less-expensive cleansers can often get the job done. The Purete cleanser is expensive but probably only worth the extra money if you can afford to spoil yourself a bit.
6339	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This oil provides hydration to my dry skin.  A little goes a long way, so this bottle will last awhile.  I noticed a difference in using it.  My skin felt softer.  I used it after exfoliating, so I could get the complete benefit.  It didn't irritate my skin, and it has a pleasant scent.  I like it.
3515	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great top coat, just as it says, very shiney!
3748	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this sunscreen very much. And it can be used all year around except summer for oil skin like me.
Thanks to all the reviewers here who took the time to write about the product, and to the manufacturer for making such a great product. I'm now an every-other-day hair washer!
9665	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Having used many of the L'Occitane products. I'm pleased with this Ultra Rich Body Cream as it does what it claims, really working well on dry skin.  The reason I didn't give it five stars is that I wanted a lavender scent and ordered this, knowing that it didn't have that scent and hoping that I'd like the cream even without the lavender scent.  I like the cream, but I do wish it came in lavender.
114	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful!!!
5207	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a refreshing change, a moisturizer that doesn't promise to give me the skin of a child or to transform all wrinkles into unicorns and doves.  This promises deep moisturizing and I found that it delivers on that promise.  The moisturizer was very light and was absorbed pretty quickly without any shininess.  My skin has felt very soft and no issues with dry patches which I had been fighting.  The ingredient list contains no parabens and plenty of well known good performers (glycerin, Shea butter, hyaluronate) .  The only con is that inwish this was in a pump since exposure to oxygen is never good for beauty products.  This is a well formulated moisturizer that delivers hydration without shine or greasiness.

4942	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice gel?


8384	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a fabulously gentle product for my acne prone, sensitive, combination skin. Yeah, I have all of that going on so you know how difficult it is to find something that works but doesn't dry out my dry spots and cleans out the excess oil without promoting future breakouts.  I think I found my product! I have only been using it for a week now but that is usually all it takes for me to figure out if something is going to work for me or not.  I also love the clean smell and soft feel. I purchased the drying lotion as well and have been using both to keep my breakouts in check.
My problem area is my forehead.  I have a tendency to end up with clogged pores on my forehead.  It presents as little bumps.  The bumps aren't pimples and definitely not acne.  They seem to be clogged pores.  After a week of using the Clear Skin Kit, the bumps have disappeared.  I have never been able to get them to completely disappear before, so I am very happy.
2529	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can not go wrong with this company!


819	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Make skin feel great really really great
So, while I like Vichy products I'm not sure I like this one enough to switch.  Especially when the product I'm using does an equally good job for less money.
3220	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am new to the DE shave but I am perfecting my technique and I am finding this Jack Black cream is the main  part of my perfect shave.
8223	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
First of all, Toppik won't cover a completely bald head. You have to have some hair already for it to look even slightly natural. I hold the bottle about 2 inches off my head and tap the side of the bottle and move it around to try and apply it evenly. You should use bright lighting when you apply it and use a hand mirror so you can check the top of your head a few times as you're applying it. It makes your hair look very powdery at first so I lightly rub the top of my hair to get some of it to fall down into the scalp. Then, and this is very important, you have to use a good shiny hair spray. I put 2-3 applications on to counteract the dull look from the Toppik powder. The more hair you already have the easier this process is, and the more natural it will look. Don't go swimming with it or stand out in a heavy rain shower for very long, or it will clump and/or run at some point as the hair spray wears off. I would encourage you to do at least 3-4 trial runs before going into public, and order a couple different colors to try. Also, I sometimes use DermMatch (scalp concealer) as a first step to apply a base coat since it is even more water proof and is less expensive. Then the Toppik on top of it provides more texture. I use a lot of Toppik on each application. A medium size bottle of it lasts me about 5-6 weeks applying it almost every day.
Lovely shine and finish!

Linseed Oil
3858	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This product provides a disappointing finish. I love Nail Envy in clear, but the version in color is problematic. Because it is not "self leveling" it dries with bush marks no matter how many times and ways I try to apply it. This bottle going in the trash.
2231	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product worth the experience
6031	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't wash off makeup, leaves my face feeling dirty and like I haven't washed it yet. Very weird smell too, and you need a lot for each application. Not for me. Would not buy again.
9599	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Feels great, smells great, reduced after she issues (itchy, redness, ingrown hairs)
3. You don't need to use much.
8615	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My boyfriend uses this pomade. It looks and smells great. It gives a nice shine and has a light hold. I use it once in a while too.
1071	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Generously apply after putting your foundation and everything else on, blush, bronzer, eye shadow and it will keep it from smudging all day! I have a bad habit of touching my face throughout the day but this keeps it from smudging off. I noticed a huge difference in how finished I look not just in the morning but also into the evening. It's very easy to apply. Dab a bunch all over your face, wait 2 minutes, then brush off the excess. It's pretty fun actually. It sets your make up so well to make it truly last longer.
4155	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have a very old version on this that is used Daily, so it gave out.  Used my new one today and love it!!  Highly recommend this brand.
48	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	About 20 years ago (ugh feeling old), this was THE perfume/cologne that the cool kids wore. I decided recently that it still smells pretty darn good and wanted to go retro like the secret hipster that I am. Everyone in their 30s & 40s recognizes the scent even if they don't know exactly that it's CK1. My only complaint is that it can give me a headache. Worth it.
3752	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am extremely picky when it comes to sun screen. I tend to avoid heavy texture because I have oil skin, and I've test few over the counter brands that labels the same as this product, but none of them hold up.
664	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Quick to ship, the item was received as described. Love this product! Will buy from again in the future. Thank you for a smooth transaction.

1600	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This review is for "Blair," since there are multiple colors listed on the same page.
After about 6 hours, very little scent remained.
I have found recently that I need to put on fine dustings of all powders for myself.
4091	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I alternate between Kloranes Chamomille and this shampoo, based on my hairs tone and what it needs.  I hate purple shampoos that stain and overdry.  This product is great for anti yellowing/brass, without staining hair and tub!  Klorane is also hard to find where I live.
2120	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I started using this toothpaste on a whim, based on rave reviews. Loved it, but felt like it was overpriced for... toothpaste. So I went back to regular toothpaste (Colgate, Listerine, Tom's) in an effort to manage costs. Suffice to say I just bought another tube of Marvis yesterday, when I finally used up my last tube of the other stuff. There's just no comparison in flavor and how clean my mouth feels with this toothpaste. I also find the regular brands have a horrible sweetness that I can't stand (even Tom's, which is the least offensive).


5862	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a lovely crushed-glitter red.  Good for celebrating!  I found myself just gazing at my nails after I applied it.  Gorgeous!  (Just don't wear base coat or it's nearly impossible to remove.)
4954	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Five stars for the smell: clean, fresh, lemony - not overwhelming but noticeable just the right amount.

If I use a sponge applicator it will ruin one purpose of it for me which is to cover varying imperfections; and when I apply it with smoothing dabs it appears blended, and I really find out how radiant and thorough a cover cream make-up can be.  It has alone a bit of chroma to it, as does Dermablend Pro Smooth Liquid Camo Medium Cover Foundation (25 SPF),  in my opinion, unlike many other cover products I have used. Alone, they gleam in the light more than my other cover make-ups, without chalkiness.  Very nice.
6211	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product along with the face cream, toner & lotion by  Pevonia.  This rosacea product line is the only one I've found that gives me any kind of relief.  It really helps to tone down the redness & the itching.  This helps me feel good about my skin!
8137	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff. This is my favorite of the La Roche-Posay Effaclar collection that I've purchased. I love the cream version of the cleanser over the gel version (which I've also tried). It really works and definitely seems to help clear up my skin! Just a little dab goes a long way, so this tube will be lasting me a long time.


334	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great coverage, hides all my flaws
1.  Make sure to have plenty of good skin care and your skin prepped with toner and moisturizer of your choice- but be sure it is not heavy if your skin is oily.

6942	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a big fan of this brand.
Doesn't Settle In Creases


36	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great fragrance, not strong or over powering.  Received many compliments.
9614	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for a Christmas gift.  I give one or two of these along with some other items to a friend every year.  She LOVES, LOVES, LOVES this soap.
*Only buy PM from an Ulta store or professional salons PM.com lists. Otherwise you risk buying fake, old, or tampered product. Plus, these stores hijack the price....10oz bottle of Paul Mitchell is actually $9-10 retail in salons.

* The sharpener and little scraper thingie that comes with the pencil.  I don't have to hunt around for an old make up sharpener, plus I don't have to find a pin to stick in the sharpener to clean it out.


9974	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. I have used this white variety in conjunction with the green preshave (menthol and eucalyptus), as well as by itself. I found that it loads the shaving brush with lather as quickly as the other Proraso soaps, which is to say that you'll have all the soap you need in the brush within 30 seconds. Note that you will have to soak your shaving brush for a few minutes to make this happen. I found that blooming the soap was of limited utility, as this isn't a hard soap puck, but rather more like a stiff cream.
3588	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. It's kind of watery, but this formula dries quickly and doesn't smear onto your pillow.
2317	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you want your manicure to last, then use this!!  My manicure lasted a week without a chip, and that is on my natural nails. Can last past a week with minor touch ups!
Water (Aqua), C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Cetyl Alcohol, Sorbitan Stearate, Glyceryl Stearate, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Glycolic Acid, PEG-100 Stearate, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Benzophenone-3, Butylene Glycol, Dimethicone, Dipalmitoyl Hydroxyproline, Disodium EDTA, Panthenol, Propylene Glycol, Sodium PCA, Sodium Hyaluronate, Sodium Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, Symphytum Officinale Leaf Extract, Wheat Amino Acids, Butylparaben, Ethylparaben, Methylparaben, Phenoxyethanol, Propylparaben, Fragrance (Parfum), Blue 1 (CI 42090), Yellow 5 (CI 19140).

I found this product to be smooth, silky, and very comfortable on my skin. I do believe my face looked a little brighter and smoother when I wore this primer.  I am 50 years old and small lines are beginning to show, and I like to try different products.
4993	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	so great!
6480	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best eye cream I found.  It absorbs into the skin easily without feeling greasy. The only thing I don't like is they make this silly container with a false bottom so the container looks like it has more cream it in that there is.

9989	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried everything from premium designer stuff to the value stuff.  When it comes down to it, it's really just shaving soap.  This stuff is no different.  Proraso is a very good shaving product.  It doesn't have the variety of scents that other soaps/creams have, but for the price, it's a good low-frills product.  The soap is just hard enough to load my brush on it, but soft enough to get a really good load without too much effort.  It really whips up a great rich lather that is very slick.  It leaves my skin feeling hydrated and it works great with the Nivea aftershave balm.  The only gripe I have is the scent.  I don't particularly care for the soapy scent.  It's not bad, I just wouldn't wear it as a cologne.  Of course, smell is completely subjective.  Like most all soaps, the scent doesn't linger for more than a few minutes anyway.

B. Also, with the white translucent powder I have found that I am getting a more dimensional look by applying the light shade powder on certain areas of my face, and on top or around in certain areas like cheeks, nose, chin, forehead, I will carefully apply and moments later lightly dust the medium-toned translucent powders as described, allowing it to not look quite so much like monotone matte over my sallow complexion.  Another plus 1,000%! For me.
6945	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Although expensive, M + G menthol shave cream will help you to a damned fine shave.  Icy cool and minty.  The best menthol shave cream anywhere is Noxzema Menthol in the light blue can, but Proctor & Gamble has made this "flavor" unavailable to the US market since 1997/98.  It's only available now to the United Kingdom market and the Italian market.
It smells a little citrusy and mediciney.
I do suggest using a foundation brush - because it blends better. If you tap your brush just a little on it, then starting at 'the middle of your face" and working outward, using just a little of the product, you will have a nice finish. Sometimes I will use my fingers afterward to smooth a little more, but not always.
658	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good spot treatment
I can only speak for my skin type as I'm no makeup pro. (One plus for working in a home office -- limits makeup use.) The price ($24) is higher than people who shop for makeup at super stores like Target and Walmart. The price is competitive with makeup in department stores. Some are higher and some about the same. One brand's lowest price was $30 and it came with the small blush brush. Two other brands were $26 and $30. Didn't find many for $24 or less unless they're the kind of brands you find in super stores and grocery stores.

5288	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this sunscreen. It's lightweight and not greasy and I can use it alone or on top of a light moisturizer. It's on elf the best 'clean' sunblocks out there. I wish they made a heavy duty sports version that was water proof. Highly recommend.
3365	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice color for fall
3325	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is great stuff. Just give your nails about a minute, spray and you're good. I also love the fragrance - very nice. It's lighter and less thick than the brush on brands. I found that Sally Hansen seemed to streak my polish unless I was already almost dry.
Cons: None yet! I will check back in to see if it truly lasts the 7-10 days as advertised.
I bowl lather with col conk 247 badger brush and get the most cool fresh warm lather good enough for 2-3 passes. I use a dime sized amount and expect the cream to last a while.
trust which is very great business relationship with customers.

No extra motions needed if you are removing regular nail polish.
306	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Loveliest color I've ever owned!
4592	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Although expensive, M + G menthol shave cream will help you to a damned fine shave. Icy cool and minty. The best menthol shave cream anywhere is Noxzema Menthol in the light blue can, but Proctor & Gamble has made this "flavor" unavailable to the US market since 1997/98. It's only available now to the United Kingdom market and the Italian market.
5490	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This provides a nice smooth shave without any tugging or pulling. It has no detectable odor which is my favorite feature for shaving material. Very nice product at a reasonable cost. This is a cleanser as well as a shaving aid.
But it goes on with noticeable slip.  I used a makeup sponge to apply this.  It looks wonderful but was definitely on the oily side for my skin type.
When I use just a few drops of this product distributed through my wet hair, it behaves and looks better whether I blow dry it or let it dry naturally.
948	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good shade for fair skin. Doesn't look like clown circles! Happy with it.
8. LOREAL DERMABLEND QUICK-FIX CONCEALER STICK (SPF 30)
I recommend this product, but I also recommend that Amazon revamp the listing to allow some disambiguation of the color choices.

1925	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love it, pretty color

9791	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Been using for a while and do notice a difference in skin firmness and overall brightness, not as much in pore refining though...
I'm not sure I'd call it very thick. It seemed more sticky than thick to me. Very hard to massage into the skin. Seemed almost as if the components were not well mixed. I did not like it.
195	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love OPI polish. Never have complaints there. This polish has more of a mauve tone to it.
6770	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have always loved this cleaner.
5922	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like butter London polish first thing I want to mention that this color does not look like the picture I am looking at as I write this review .This is a teal color and if you like teal you will love this I was not disappointed at all because I like teal. This goes on so easy I used a base coat than two coats of the polish and a top coat and wow the color really stuck out. I like this brand because it is a 3 free meaning noFormaldehyde,no Toluene and no DBP I have used this brand before with great results I do recommend a top coat so it will last longer on your nails .Also the seller is a great seller arrived fast and packaged perfect.

7476	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Would order again!
8985	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Heats quickly. Good basic curling iron.
1629	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	just what I was looking for. 1 coat is enough to still see your nails but have a wonderful gel like milky white with a hint of pink layer. no streaking whatsoever, coverage is nice and even. absolutely gorgeous with zoya top coat (armor) on top-extremely shiny. very classy! would work for any occasion
8192	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	excellent! I like it
8244	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The quality is poor and it's too expensive.

3372	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice color, looks great will definitely recommend
8684	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Contrary to the belief that oils break you out, I found this oil is easily absorbed into my dry facial skin and does not cause me to have any breakouts.  The oil doesn't irritate or leave my skin flush.  I find the fragrance subtle and not cloying.  Only a small squeeze worth of product and the oil dispenses easily.
6165	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a big fan of Mario Badescu's products and was eager to try this moisturizer. It seemed very heavy but was light on my face and left me glowing without feeling greasy. It keeps my skin moisturized all day. This is a small bottle but will probably last a month considering the drop I need to use daily. I can't wait to see how it works during winter when I usually develop dry patches on my cheeks and chin. Hopefully, this will take care of it. I will make sure to update then.
"I have been using beauty products for over 20 years.  I've used almost everything, from inexpensive to very expensive brands.  I hadn't used a mask in a while and jumped at the chance to try this one.  This was BEFORE I realized it was a product for men.  What a disappointment!  Overcoming my disappointment, I decided to try it anyway... and was pleasantly surprised.  This is a nice clay mask.  It dries well and after rinsing my face feels very smooth and clean.  I have sensitive skin and was pleased to note this did not dry it out or cause any kind of adverse reaction.  This product is priced a little less than a similar Clinique product and I would say it's in the same ball park as far as quality.  If you're a man who wants a skin car product, this seems like a good bet.  Or, if you're a woman and don't want to buy your own expensive face masks from Clarins or Estee Lauder, use your husband's."
I've tried more expensive ones, from better brands like Tweezerman (they do make great tweezers), but the only thing I seem to get for the extra cash is a larger size.  They're still dull, they still shoot the tips across the room, but at least they are bigger.
6990	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Definitely not for sensitive skin! My hands are not particularly sensitive, unlike my face and neck, so I tried this on the back of one hand. It is has a lovely moist, but not shiny finish. It has a very faint herbal/lemony scent. My hand looks so much better than the one I didn't apply it on. It does itch a bit though, an hour after I applied it. I will use this only on tough skin, like the outer parts of my arms, and backs of my hands, both of which have not benefited from the religious application of sunscreen my face and neck have gotten. I just won't be able to use it on my face, neck or chest. Sigh
8151	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Sexy glossy look! Love the soft color, very hydrating


657	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	After awhile, seems every product just becomes accustomed to my skin and stops working. No longer use this for that reason, but I used it for four years without fail. Light cream that absorbs quickly into the skin. I always used the Acne Gel until a PCA rep said most clients see much better results with this even with oily/acne prone skin like mine and she was right.

This spray smells amazing. It smells just like fresh roses. It is not oily or greasy, yet my skin drinks it in and has become softer, less irritated and the peeling and flakiness have completely subsided. My breakouts are reduced by half and are no longer painful and red. My skin is really starting to normalize and it's only been a day and a half! Everything I've used on my skin lately has stung except for this spray. I can't even begin to explain the relief I've experienced since my first spray.
8168	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product on my skin
389	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the better makeups I have found, it really covers up all the blemishes and spots and I am very happy with how smooth my skin looks.  It is a big difference when I wear this.  I have not had any reactions and it stays put for most of the day.
6774	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	as promised and great transaction
8418	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you don't use Mario Badescu's products you're missing out!  His products are natrual and reasonably priced.  I'm in my late forties and when a co-worker told me I have great skin, I jumped for joy.  And purchsed several products for her, for Christmas and yes, she uses them everyday.  I also got my boss hit on his products.  Effective, ship quickly and you'll also receive three free samples with every order.
60	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	looks great
683	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because of dry patches on my face. However the cream made me breakout horribly, and I wouldn't recommend it to be used on the face.
2281	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	lone it.thank you Very good for a.m. use
4555	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have become confused on what exactly the point of this product is. I saw some feedback on people who use it as a cleanser on those days where you want to "rush" off or just go to bed without washing your face, but this makes no sense to me. These pads are astringent toner pads, not cleanser pads. They will not provide you with a cleanse, that is why on the directions it says use after cleansing, but before moisturizer. If you wash your face then use these pads it will not make your skin dry, but rather kind of sticky. If you try and put any sort of moisturizer on after the pads it will make your face look disgusting. Like you haven't showered in about 2 days, very greasy. I attempted to use just the pads and no moisturizer, but my face just looked oily and felt very sticky. Now I think girls like a man with a nice smooth face, not one that feels dirty. I shave everyday so I expect that smooth feeling day in and day out, and that is exactly what I had before these pads. I stumbled upon this item when doing a search for a good toner and saw all the fantastic reviews so I purchased them, what a mistake. I stopped using them yesterday and my skin is back to being a little dry and I actually don't mind it. Much better than looking dirty and oily. I will say on the plus that these pads don't burn at all even when used after shaving, for those who care I shave with a DE feather blade which can be very harsh on skin, and it helps with razor burn on the neck by healing it faster. This is when the ingredient witch hazel comes into play (ingredient in the product). That's the only plus I have to mention about these pads. I really have no idea where the target market for this product is, as I can only image what it would do for someone with oily skin or normal skin (my skin is very dry). Pads cover the entire face and neck with no problems, just be sure to flip the pad over half way through so you get the most out of the pads.
7032	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very happy
4742	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	With most thickening shampoos I expect a bit of tingle to help stimulate the scalp that was missing from this shampoo.  Nice fragrance, cleans hair well but didn't really notice much of a difference in the hair after a week of use.  After trying Aveda's Invati, this product, Billy Jealousy and probably some others the Aveda gave the healthiest-looking results and will probably be the one we return to.
6210	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I am not happy with the product because it isn't the item I actually wanted to buy... I meant to purchase the Pevonia RS2 Lotion ( I don't use the cleanse) but your company won't let me return & exchange it for the correct one.

2536	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I live in Las Vegas and the dry heat really does a number on my skin.  I used to use Anthony's Body Lotion but I prefer the smell of the Jack Black which comes across as very light and has a nice clean scent.  It does not take much to cover a large area and one application a day keeps my skin feeling smooth and moist.  My dry elbows are a thing of the past.
8027	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this every day I would recommend this for anyone who has special needs with thinning hair, it has made a huge difference in my daily life.
952	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been buying Jane Iredale Pure Pressed Powder for some time and have decided to try the blush and I love it.  I have blonde hair and fair skin and this color is very complementary.  The container is very small but a little goes a long way and it lasts a long time.  I've been using it daily for about two months and have barely made a dent.  It is also long-lasting and looks good for daily use or with bronzer for a more glamorous night look.
I actually like the applicator. I never apply the applicator directly to my scalp, rather I put some into the palm of my hand and then sort of sprinkle it over areas of my scalp.  Okay, yes this is messier than a spray, but imo, it allows for more precision and this powder has a lot less residue than any spray I know of.  I think it's a lot easier to control the amount when you apply with your hands. With the sprays.. spray for half a second too long and now your hair is gross and covered in too much dry shampoo. No good. I hardly have that issue with the powder.
203	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a gorgeous color.  Almost a neutral that will complement many outfits.  Goes on prettily.  Two or three coats. I use a base and top coat.
4740	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jack Black True Volume Thickening Shampoo lathers very well and you only need about a quarter size amount to shampoo your hair unless you have really long hair then you'll need to use a little more.  It is a smooth shampoo much like what the salons use.  It leaves your hair and scalp so clean.  I have used it several times now and the flakiness is getting less and less.  This True Volume  Thickening shampoo with Expansion Technology puts Creatine and Wheat Protein in your hair shaft to thicken each strand of hair.  It also has Basil and Lupine in it to keep your hair healthy.  It is organic and has no fragrance.  It is for all hair types and even for color treated hair.  I really like this shampoo because it has helped to keep my head from itching so much as well as cut down on the flakiness. My husband really likes this shampoo too. I am ordering the conditioner to go with it.  I highly recommend the Jack Black Shampoo!
This is now my favorite shave cream.  I will get the white as well as I really liked that one last year too.
4770	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I love most of Jack Black's products but I feel like this one is a miss for me.  They call it a lather but it hardly lathers at all.  For the price, I want superior protection which I feel it did not provide so it looks like I'm going back to gels.
4025	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is perfectly acceptable, but it hasn't knocked my socks off.  It hasn't distinguished itself from many others in terms of cleanliness or glow.  A definite plus, however, is that I don't feel like it's too harsh, my skin feels good afterwards and not like it's been stripped of nutrients.  All in all, a very fine product, but nothing exceptional.
 This did not come......It $30...as the other as of writing
4519	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have been using this for over a decade and now just bought it for my own teenage daughter, who loves it!  Drying cream (this product) is for pimples and bumps under the skin not yet erupted.  The drying lotion, which is also absolutely excellent and essential, is for already popped pimples.
8549	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Seems like a great product so far. We'll see.
Cosmetics and cleansers are a very personal choice; but this one is just about PERFECT for me!
I found this to be moisturizing but also to be suitable to use under makeup.  I tried it in the morning and my makeup performed as expected.  (I've recently had an experience with a different product where this was not the case, so I definitely think it's worth mentioning!)  This means that this serum could be used both morning and evening, if you prefer.
new life, back youth ;)


It smelled a little off coming out of the bottle. It is organic and filled with juices, oils, etc., so perhaps something turned rancid or the combination is not pleasing to me.

891	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I use this in the middle of the day typically after lunch. it is hard to re-apply moisturizer or make-up at work in the middle of the day. So I tried this spray.
7375	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best hand cream I have ever used. I started using it in the 90's when I worked in the cosmetic industry. Stays in the skin and actually moisturizes.
354	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Dermablend Cover Creme was tested on a model with skin that tends to be oily, during an all day wedding reception held outside in the summer heat. Normally a user of the Chanel product line, she applied it by first putting on her hand to warm it and make it more viscose and then apply it with a makeup sponge. Her skin is olive colored and the caramel color complimented it nicely. There was no caking and it produced an even layer and consistent tone covering any small skin imperfections. It was used in conjunction with Dermablend Solid Setting Powder and lasted the entire day in the sun and heat without the need to reapply. Her conclusion that she was so impressed with the Dermablend that she had seen in Ads but never tried, that she was now switching from her Chanel products to the Dermablend line. She was delighted to be saving some money as well as her previous foundation was about 20% more expensive.

Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Extract
3104	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's lightweight, non-greasy, and hydrating.  It makes lines appear less visible.  I can't say enough good things about all of the products in the Elemis line!
I'm definitely a fan of this polish.  The performance has been so good that I'd even consider buying more colors from the same brand -- even though this is expensive, as nail polishes go.
3503	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks so much!

9168	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good. still trying it out.
2803	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I had hopes for this, slick and a small companion for travel.  It has one job, to cut nails and cuticles.  It tears nails and cuticles.  Every once in a while, it cuts okay, but no better than okay.  This is a worthless product.
7993	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product clings to the hair fibers much better than most others that sit on your scalp. Plus the value is pretty much as good as it gets for a keratin fiber. I use it in conjunction with Toppik, but it works fine by itself as well.
Feels light and airy but doesn't feel like like a cool water being spritz (like a thermal water spray) instead it has a substance to it (but as I said is still light and airy) and I hesitate to use the word film because that sounds negative but I don't mean it that way-it has a film-like or slightly sticky to the touch texture if sprayed liberally over skin. It sinks in quickly though and that goes away with it. It is not bothersome or time consuming.
7319	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've also reviewed the shampoo companion to this conditioner...and I hated the way it smells. But I will say that the conditioner is a much more toned down version of the fake Jasmine smell, so that is good. The product does what it says it will do. My hair is smoother and it feels silkier. So I only took away one star for the bad use of the Jasmine fragrance that is somewhat pain straight in the eyeball headache causing...but dissipates. The conditioner is very light and does its smoothing job without weighing down my very fine and frizzy prone curly hair. And as I said in the review of the shampoo, if it does the job, I'll use it until it is gone. But hey, if you like really fragranced products and you have fine and frizzy hair, I say go for it. The serum is great too!

I would definitely give a 'go' to the blue, rust, gold and silver sparkly colors

Claimed to work for acne. I will never try anything else
4506	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am not a fan of make up remover. They always make my face feel as if it isn't clean, almost sticky. This does not. It left my face feeling clean and refreshed. It has a very pleasing aroma, spa-like almost, and easily removed my makeup, including my lipstick. I never put remover on my lips, but this felt so much like water and felt so clean on my eyes that I tried it on my Stay All Day LipColor. It removed it, easily. I normally scrub it away with a baby wipe. Red lips were gone with 2 cotton swabs. I don't use much facial makeup but I applied this all over my face and really liked the improved look of my pores. My skin was not left feeling greasy.
6273	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has been my go to cleanser for over a year, and It works great for my combination skin. At the moment I'm using the Combination Code facial cleanser, which I'm also having great results with. Would recommend either product for combination to oily skin.
It is important to know this is a sample size, the same one Vichy gives as a gift with purchase from time to time. There is enough here to decide if you like it or not, maybe a few days worth. I prefer to buy this in the regular size since it lasts longer. This mini is nice for your purse or gym bag.

06/06/2015 - used a fresh Astra SP blade with this and my Proraso "white" (green tea and oatmeal) soap. One of the better shaves I've had - zero injuries. Definitely a mild razor, took me a little extra time to do all the buffing everywhere, but perhaps with the advantage of minimal burn. I will try it with Feather, Wilkinson Sword and Merkur blades that I have on hand to sample.

6746	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have really long this hair and use this for light curls ad a bit of bounce. The size is perfect for loose curls.
4364	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The smells is very pleasant and the hold is terrific - not stiff but not too light. And it's a great value for the money - the can is huge.



We always have these wipes in the house and the only reason I am taking off a star is that I would love for it to come with the snap top like the picture but it comes with an adhesive top that doesn't really work great at keeping shut.  I usually put these wipes in a wipe dispenser and hope that I don't have to carry it anywhere!

1108	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This powder makes skin looks airbrushed. It comes with cute puff.
Brush: 28mm white mountain Manchurian badger , bulb knot, lime green , sturdy design Wiborg shaving custom brush.
2103	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As usual Essie has another hit!  Great color for a mani/pedi for summer.  Looks great on most skin tones  Shipped quickly too.
8101	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A great neutral smelling hair gel that is not sticky to apply to wet hair.  the only downer is that it is not that strong when applied to wet hair, but was better when applied to dry hair.  I didn't have to use much when applying to dry hair ... and it did not leave the hair sticky at all.  Worked well with heat, i use a hair straightener and that it seemed to style the hair better.  you kinda have to play with it with the different way thjat finish your hair styling adn particularly hair style, for sure.
958	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	On the advise of my dermatologist I purchased this sunscreen. I love it, the difference in this is that it is micronized zinc oxide! Great delivery system for aging skin! Also, Citrix Antioxidant Sunscreen SPF 40 has green tea in it to calm skin down!
3909	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the only nail polish that has been able to help my nails grow. My nails used to be very thin and break or peel constantly, but they are now long and extremely strong. I never skip using this as a basecoat.
I *heart* OPI.
6972	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	While this moisturizer has some good ingredients and an acceptable aroma, it feels sticky on the skin well after applying and doesn't really absorb as well as it should - which is saying something in my case because my dry skin tends to suck up all moisture that even comes close.  I also have sensitive skin, and it kinda burns just a little.  I really WANTED to like this product after looking at the list of organic ingredients, but I just don't.
For your face, you wet your skin, squirt some into your hand, and massage it on your face.  It will start to lather a little bit.  Then, you can either use a scrubbing device, or wash it off with a washcloth.  I personally think that you need to use a scrubbing device, like&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ProX-by-Olay-Advanced-Cleansing-System-with-Facial-Brush/dp/B0043OYFKU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ProX by Olay Advanced Cleansing System with Facial Brush</a>&nbsp;to remove my makeup.  It is much more effective in getting it all off, then just using a cloth.


i am so sad because it doesnt work for me.

Have used it for years and will continue to use. Love it!
4008	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was a little nervous at first about using this after reading the reviews, but this product is absolutely awesome. It is a very mild micellar water that isn't even slightly irritating to my sensitive eyes. (I use a regular eye makeup remover on my eyes.) The beauty of this product is that you can use it for any cleanups after you finish cleansing to take off random bits of eye makeup that may have been left behind. I also use it on a large cotton pad and clean my whole face with it - mainly to get all my face products off. I have some pretty pricey cleansers, and it's great to get all my makeup off with this micellar water first. The other great thing, when I use this alone (days when I don't have makeup on and just want to quickly cleanse), it doesn't leave my skin feeling dry and tight. I have normal to dry skin, and this works really well for me.
377	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got this for a friend of mine who was interested in trying it (It is not the right color for myself or my wife). She was suitably impressed with the make-up and coverage, but the color just wasn't as perfect a match.
2414	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best save cream I've ever used! Billy Jealousy products are the best, and reasonably priced. Always a close, smooth shave, leaves your face moisturized, not greasy nor oily afterwards.
6780	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was REALLY hesitant (event doubtful) that this product was going to work. Everyone was recommending it and every article I read about skin care was saying this was a 'must have' product. I only have the occasional whitehead, some blackheads on my chin and nose, but I have sebaceous filament on my nose and my chin. This product did not work for blackheads and did not work for sebaceous filament (but it's not supposed to). I did have one pimple under the skin, and it was starting to hurt but since it hadn't broken through the skin it wasn't visible. I put this on and in the morning it was GONE. JUST GONE! Like...where'd you go!?!? So do I recommend this product...YES...but you just have to understand it's not meant to work on all acne issues.
8488	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Makes my skin break out

9737	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it !!!!
6251	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite brush. It's my second one. I had my other one for years, from the time I was 16 until I was 28. It survived being thrown (very hard) lol at my ex husband and dropped. It eventually cracked, but it still worked great. Never pulled my hair the needles stayed in. I retired my first brush that I originally purchased at a salon and bought this. I can't tell the difference in the quality of that one and this one. If you like paddle brushes this one is legit. It glides thru your hair smoothly without pulling it. It feels good.
5064	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm slowly but surely becoming a BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA convert! I really like the BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA NIGHT CREAM AHA (Alpha-Hydroxy-Acid) because it goes on thick and velvety, but has absolutely NO GREASY feel or look, including the next day!
In the end, I like pretty much everything about this.  I'm going off to look at more Zoya duochromes now!

357	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is a little darker than other pale ivory products I have used but the coverage is fantastic and easy to apply.
In the end, affordable and necessary if you do your own manicures or pedicures.

4944	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was given this as a gift from a friend. It has honestly been the best skin care gift I have ever gotten! It's easy to use all the products, doesn't clog my pores or irritate my skin, and doesn't smell weird or chemically. I have super sensitive skin that tends to dry out easily. These products work great.
1124	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE IT

This Vichy Purete Thermale 3 In 1 product is a cleansing water, a soothing toner, and an eye makeup remover, all in one product.
8956	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This does not work for me to set makeup at all. It does give me a dewy, shiny look but it does not have the same fixing effect as my MAC or NYX products. It feels more like a rosewater solution that is nice over a powder foundation on dry skin. For already oily skin it may make it too shiny looking unless a matte product is used as makeup.
Eucalyptus, a natural antiseptic, is also used to relieve the pain of arthritis and will increase blood flow and give a warm, soothing sensation.
This is light and soothing.
The product goes on easy and looks nice.  it sets your foundation/concealer really well.
4158	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this- I only use hot tools to curl my hair- ceramic is a plus!
9337	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i love it . it save my dry hair . i use it everyday. but without hair conditioner and mask it makes little sense. definitely will buy it again and again.
1648	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this series! Dries fast. You can't tell that you have anything on your nails. Hides any imperfections! Love it!
3928	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I first experienced La Source products when I stayed at a Hilton hotel in NYC. I thought it was the most delicious fragrance ever! Hard to describe--very clean, unisex, not flowery or overtly feminine. I liked it so much that I stopped by a Crabtree and Evelyn store the same day and bought the body wash and body lotion.  Have been using both ever since!
2740	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a fan of this eye cream; it's expensive, but you don't to use a lot, so it will last for a long time.
It did trip a circuit breaker when this was operating along with too many other electric devices, so I make sure that my curlers aren't heating up at the same time.
6728	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I tried it on the middle setting first after reading all the "my hair melted off" reviews.  Nothing impressive or scary, not even close to hot enough so cranked it up bit by bit to the highest setting.  Yes, the want was hot.  No it did nothing to curl my hair. Mind you, I had just tried the Bed Head Rock 'n' Roller Ceramic Styling Iron and while it curled (really curled) my hair, the Hot Tools one left a bit of a wave with a smidge of a curl on the end.  Meh.  Returned it.
8148	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Another reviewed nailed it when she said the color is not what I expected.  Jasmine looks pink online so what a surprise to see a flesh-colored balm.  It is a truly hideous color on me and one that I never would've ordered if there was even a hint in the description that it would be flesh-toned.  I can't see that there's a way to salvage this color so will just toss it.  Money wasted.  So disappointed.
6. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL QUICK-FIX BODY (NO SPF):


9729	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Light, refreshing, slightly tart.  I think of it as a spring and summer scent.
9360	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got this serum for my teenage daughters and they have been happy with it. It does help to prevent breakouts and clear up the ones they have. The one thing they don't like is the very strong, unpleasant smell. Also, be sure to use moisturizer after applying the serum (as directed) as it is very drying otherwise.
6699	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Heats up pretty fast.
2874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Goes on smooth and easy. I'm allergic to every brand except Jane Iredale.
I have very sensitive skin that's easily irritated by almost everything, and this cleanser so far has been awesome.
For starters, definitely take the advice of cutting the pads in half... half a pad is plenty for face, neck and even chest.  I've been using this along with the serum and after 2 months have noticed significant improvement in the appearance of sun spots and the ability of my skin to resist irritation.  I've also noticed an unexpected reduction in blackheads, maybe due to this exfoliating my skin?  I also only use this product a night and that seems to be plenty.
1032	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great set of gentle skin care products for infants or allergy-prone adults. Would be a perfect baby shower gift, classy yet useful.
4655	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I'll be honest that I selected this item from the Vine program mostly for the serum and less for the face clearing since I don't really have acne, just the occasional breakout. The problem I have is that every time I do get a blemish, the spot, even when healed takes forever to fade and I have been looking for something that fades and evens out those spots.

5806	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was really excited to try this product because of all the good reviews on it, but I was really disappointed. I get horribly dry lips if I'm not careful enough and I read on sites and heard tons of great reviews for this product. Now, this may just be from the color of the Guava flavor, but when I applied it to my lips it made them look even drier. However the product itself, ignoring the color, did not improve my chapped lips at all. I'm still trying to use it and see if it works better on lips that aren't dry, but so far I'm having the same issue.
1831	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color. Deep plum. I love the Zoya collection. This can last me over a week with two or three coats.
252	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	OPI color lasts a long time and I enjoy the variety and colors along with the names.  I thought their top coat it would be the same quality, but was surprised at the poor quality.  For me, I tried it about three different times and where other brands leave a high quality finish, this OPI product does not.
It's not gonna stay on overnight. It's not going to stay put on the sides or back under a hat. I've even tried holding spray and it will work but I personally have to gel my hair so hard that it's not favorable all the time. Those are the only downsides. Take it from me and my friends..it works and its amazing :)
9087	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best Iron I have ever  had it is worth every penny does a great job and creates a perfect hair it is wonderful

The balm cream also has a light, clean, bright scent that disappears almost immediately. Its not overwhelmingly masculine, so could even be considered unisex.
7729	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product works like a serum, but it's a lot less cashish.  It makes your skin feel super hydrated, non-irritated and not greasy.  Smells fresh and clean, and my skin just drinks it in.  I use it every day under my moisturizer and I feel like I've seen a big improvement in my normally ruddy, dull textured skin.
350	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This was a little darker then I was expecting but I was able to use it and I love how well it hides the blemishes and imperfections.  I don't use a lot of makeup because it is hard to find ones that do not irritate my skin.  This creme has been great so far, and I have not had any redness or irritation.
8393	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Delicately scented and thoroughly effective. This toner balances out my combination skin, keeps pores unclogged and removes any spec of cleanser or makeup that happened to be left on my skin.
2160	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best shaving product I've ever used.  I feel like a fool when I think back to the reviews I have made in the past about shaving creams.  I was comparing average products to good products, but Proraso is the BEST.
3234	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Before trying "Laura," the only two perfumes I liked that didn't also "turn" on me were Juicy Couture "Couture Couture," and Vera Wang "Princess." Now there is Laura Biagiotti "Laura." All three have something in common: fruity scents. Couture is fruity and woodsy and Princess is fruity and musky. Couture and Laura have amber, vanilla and sandalwood in common.
I always test products on my hands first, never knowing how my face will react.  My hands have been in and out of water all day yet still feel soft. I don't feel the need to reapply.  The jar is a little small for the price but you really need just a small amount and it lasts so long. Recommended
7126	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's definitely a really good conditioner and it leaves your hair feeling very soft especially if you leave it in, but there are definitely cheaper products out there that do just as good of a job for less. I wish there was a little bit of a menthol effect like you have with some other shampoos. I like having matched products though and I'm a big fan of the Jack Black shampoo so I'll probably just continue to use this anyways as the rest of their product line is amazing.
5029	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have no idea what this is made of -- stardust maybe?  But it is super slick and just the best feeling stuff that I have come across in ages.  It helps fill in a few wrinkles and provides a nice base for your foundation.  I did use this with the creme powder also by Vincent Longo and this will be amazing for summer.  I have also tried this under Clinique foundation (wrinkle repair) and it works nicely.  You do need to use a moisturizer under this to get the full effect.  Just be sure to let everything soak in (about 5-10 min. apart) before you start your foundation application.
2164	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I tried other Proraso Products and like them all.  Whips into a good lather, and leaves a nice after aroma.


Tocopheryl acetate (vitamin E): Antioxidant that reduces free radicals to help diminish the visible signs of aging

6765	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Leaves a film on my skin and actually is causing break outs due to clogged pores. This really sucks since I heard such great reviews about this product. It doesn't leave your face feeling all tight and dry, that is true, but not much consolation when you are breaking out and have clogged pores.
Highly recommended.
However, for anywhere else on the body this cream is a life saver. It sinks into the skin and makes you feel so soft immediately. The first thing you'll notice is the smell. It's the camphor, and it goes away quick. (If you don't know what camphor is, it smells like Vicks Vapo Rub)
2323	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a 60 year old woman and love this.  It goes on smooth and is not sticky or tacky.
3063	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am really impressed with this product.  After shaving I have tried a variety of creams and hydrations. IS Clinical gives a unique smoothness to the skin that also seems to soften.  A little bit goes a long way as it is an expensive product.  I am not using it exclusively as I have found other moisturizers that satisfy in different ways such as Perricone MD Face Finishing Moisturizer and Ahava creams. I enjoy experimenting to experience different textures, softness, hydration and skin restoration. I once reviewed a caviar based product that was exceptional, but very expensive. For me IS Cllinical is one of the feel good to the skin, is good for the skin products.
So, no thank you, I would like to keep my moisture barrier.
This is a class act.  I highly highly recommend this.

4190	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this toner. Keeps skin clear
The oil is intended to reduce flaky and dry skin.  The way to use it is to use a couple of drops and massage them into skin prior to applying your usual moisturizer.
3654	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This tanning mousse is a great product with fast results.  Its a lightweight mousse that smells like vanilla, looks like chocolate milk, spreads evenly, blends easily, and gives an instant brown tan.
8799	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Overall a good product though we found it a little stickier compared to similar products. While it seems to hydrate, my skin does not feel moisturized compared to moisturizing products. It also seems to work as a product booster without creating a shiny skin surface.

6134	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dont know why it is called lotion as the product is runny as a toner but makes a perfect candidate for night routine if paired with good cleanser. Fresh fragrance of Cucumber is very soothing and it leaves your skin clean, soft and well balanced.
6333	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife loves this nourishing oil as this is a very gentle and smooth oil that makes her skin feel more supple as the oil helps hydrate her skin. As her skin tends to get dry and sometime flakes at the nose area, she is currently using a moisturizer and the weekly face mask. But with a few drops of the Mario Badescu Rose Hips and rubbing it over her face, she says it does wonders to her routine.
The creamy,  whipped consistency is nice and feels more like you're cleansing with cold cream than actually using a scrub.
8983	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just received my Hot Tools Professional Curling Iron today (August 7, 2014) and I am very happy with it. Heats up quickly and is easy to handle. Gets the job done. I may decided to order a smaller barrel one later.
9405	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Pretty color
Other than the color itself, there's nothing that I liked about this product. Which is disappointing as this is a good brand and I've used other Longo products and been satisfied with their performance. It's especially disappointing given the price point.
1465	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The nail polish itself is great but I did not like the thin brush. A bit difficult to apply.
8806	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	With airconditioning on all day, my skin gets very dry, especially areas under my eyes and cheek.  Apply little around those areas during the day, really minimise the dryness and constant cream application.  Hence avoid very simulating the oily area around my nose.  Economical , tiny amount is suffice.  Great for dry environments.


 However my husband and i still favor the classic. It has a warm, musky smell somewhat woodsy and it will last you throughout your day or night with just one application.  It comes in a standard steel grey box and is a great gift for any occasion, or just for no reason at all.



8446	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is strong enough to cleanse but mild enough to not irritate sensitive skin.
All in all, good stuff. I might heat it up a little and pour some into a plastic tube for traveling, though.
9388	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Opi...you're making me love purples.
8032	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product, along with other hair boosters, for several years now.  I swear by it.  The colors are very close and blend very well.

3229	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream is slightly thicker and richer than Ahava's Mineral Hand Cream, and smells just as wonderful. A positively wonderful treat.
4950	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my second Antica Farmacista room spray. Previously I had the Lemon, Verbena, and Cedar one, which is very fresh. The Sandalwood Amber is much bolder, more masculine / mature. It's very nice for autumn. We use these as bathroom sprays, and for that they are excellent. Highly recommended.
The directions say this product is meant to set other Dermablend products but I used it with a different brand of BB cream and it worked well.
1365	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for over a year now, and I recommend it to anyone that has thin hair on the top of the head.  The color blends in well with my own haircolor, and it adds body and texture to my own thin strands. I do try and add a side part using a thin comb or pick in order for a more natural look, otherwise it can sometimes look like a wig without a natural hairpart.
5641	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product clings to the hair fibers much better than most others that sit on your scalp. Plus the value is pretty much as good as it gets for a keratin fiber. I use it in conjunction with Toppik, but it works fine by itself as well.
4322	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love the smell of this balm. It goes on easily and cleanly in this container. The product feels rich and moisturizing but I found myself reapplying more often than with a traditional chapstick type lib balm. It seemed to wear off quickly as it is so soft and not sticky. The Mojito scent is so fun, I really look forward to putting it on. The balm doesn't have a decernable flavor to it and I am fine with that. I think I will use this as a night time balm and stick to something longer lasting for daytime use.
4856	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Doesn't make me break out. I even went back to my old foundation to see if it really made a difference and I broke out again. If you are really unsure about your shade call jane iredale customer service. They sent me a free tiny sample to try since I don't live close to a location.
716	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product  It makes my hair perfect  looking in the mirror helps  my self esteem and confidence going out .
As other posters have said this does have a Eucalyptustic smell to it but it is mild and disappears fast and it beats the scent of most other hand creams.  Also absorbs very fast and doesn't have a greasy feel at all.  Lasts all day, I just apply it in the morning and before bedtime and it heals cracks in the skin quickly as well.
9248	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I don't have sensitive skin and, even if I did, this is designed not to irritate excessively.  My skin barely pinked up when using this for the indicated 10 minutes before rinsing, but it did feel nicely smooth and clean.
So, with Noxzema Menthol effectively gone for Americans, M + G is a worthy substitute.
6427	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	such a great conditioner. I love it. it smells fantastic, leaves my hair really conditioned with no build up. great detangler as well. doesn't weigh hair down. this is a staple for me. love it.
1131	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I tried this product after success with other pca products. I use this cleanser in the morning and I use the pigment bar in the evenings. I have done this for 6 weeks now and I can truly see a difference in my complexion. My skin is less oily and much clearer. I like this combination because it seems to combat my acne along with scaring from older scars. I say this is a good first step into the PCA product line. I also utilize the A/C serum, the true tone, clearskin and oil free sunscreen. My skin has not looked better! If you suffer from acne I highly recommend the PCA line and this blemish bar is a good way to start building upon the line. If you are weary of dropping a lot of cash they do have "trial size" intro packets!!
4227	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	It's not paraben-free as I found out the hard way that PABA-free does not mean paraben-free. I'll read instructions better next time. It made my skin burn and I had trouble breathing. I can highly recommend the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/La-Roche-Posay-Anthelios-60-Body-and-Face-Sunscreen-Melt-In-Milk-Lotion-SPF-60-with-Antioxidants-5-Fl-Oz/dp/B002CML1VG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">La Roche-Posay Anthelios 60 Body and Face Sunscreen Melt-In Milk Lotion, SPF 60 with Antioxidants, 5 Fl. Oz.</a>&nbsp;however, which is paraben-free on top of being fragrance-free and has been tested on sensitive skin!
Color seems to appear a bit darker on nails than it looks on the product picture, but it's still vivid.
9205	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really works on "Blemishes" over-nite !! Love it
Despite the convenience of ordering online, I'm going back to buying it from a salon.
* Superior build quality
4273	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like this stuff. I have very pale skin (like always the 2nd palest level) and this matched my skin perfectly. It blended right in, flawlessly. Very smooth. Smells wonderful. The only complaint I have is that it vanishes very quickly and you have to reapply it a lot, but I'm assuming that's probably because it's a moisturizer and it's not meant for long wear. Anyway, this seems to be something that I'll always have on hand from now on.

Vincent Longo Blonde eyebrow pencil lasted all day.  My eyebrows look the same as they did this morning - even after a workout.  It's very easy to apply and the color is great.
I just love it when I find a product that has exemplary reviews and then some moron comes along and bashes it in their review.  They never fail to mention the name of a "better" product.  When this happens, I find that I am compelled to buy the product to see if the moron has any credibilty.
Overall I'm pretty happy with this set!
9432	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	bought this in combination with the face powder. I like the pump bottle. You do have to wipe it clean after each application to prevent buildup of the product. That is no hardship. It blends easily.
3932	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this soap!! I used to buy it at the mall, but now I'm disabled and don't go any longer. The scent is captivating and the lather is luxurious. I don't even need lotion afterward, unlike other soaps and gels I've used, that leave my skin feeling dried out (even Beekman's). And my bathroom smells like an expensive spa now.
8602	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought 2, one for myself and one for my granddaughter who has long, extra thick hair, she loves it! I like it because it takes forever to bush with a normal size brush, it saves me a lot of time. I also like because bristle brushes damage my color treated hair and make it frizzy. This is definitely a keeper!
547	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The color is just as expected.

U have been using a bit of bright cream blush oddly enough, though you may find it unnecessary; you can still have a dimensional look.
One note I will make is that this is a new replacement product for the smaller more potent (and expensive) abba Moisture Scentsation shampoo. It is only a little less potent. You may have to use a bit more to get the same effect, but its worth the cost savings if you're not rich. If you are rich, get the older slightly better products here before they are gone. They got discontinued from what I understand due to this product replacing it.
The rubberized grip is so slippery. After getting out of the shower and using lotion or hair products, holding this super heavy hair dryer is so hard. It keeps wanting to slip out of my grip and I'm nervous I'll drop it.
Now, I don't wear a lot of makeup, but I do like getting my face clean.  This goes on nice, and wipes off easily with a cotton ball.  I can see the smudges on the cotton ball, even when I'm only  washing a non-made-up face.




5980	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product!
She saturates a cotton pad and gently removes all makeup from her face, quickly and easily with no mess and no repeated application.  Even waterproof eyeliner is easily removed and with no stinging or other discomfort.  She uses it all over her face and neck and does not need to use any soap or other cleanser when finished.
MINUSES
Four stars for being a really good night cream.  Less one because its not an exfoliator, like it claims.  If thats what you want, purchase a product that is made just for exfoliating.
6391	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Looks pretty, pink, and creamy with strawberry seeds as described.  Expected a lovely strawberry smell, but just smelled like lotion.  Also felt like a cream lotion.  Did nothing at all.  Followed up with my clean and clear scrub to get the job done.
It does not smell chemically and has a very slight vanilla scent. You do need to be careful around your elbows and even knees. You need to use left over after you do your normal application. For some reason if you apply it the same as other areas they will turn out much darker.
7322	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The first time I tried this product and got my guy to try it I was amazed. Baxter is so high quality at a price so much less expensive than formal ladies products. I swear I believe the beauty industry charges women more money for any product. Everything I've tried from Baxter actually WORKS and and a cheaper price. The smell is light and clean. Not girly smelling or overly perfumed. You try Baxter once.. well you'll never go back. lol. Get this NOW.
9996	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a woman in my 40s who has switched to shave soaps & a brush after years of canned foam. The Proraso green soap/croap is my favorite, and the white is very similar. Both are more of a "croap" (cross between hard cream & soap) rather than a straight up hard puck of soap. It lathers crazy easily with a wet badger or boar brush & the "Marco method" (if you're new to wet shaving or having trouble making lather, google it - you won't regret it), and provides a good, close, irritation-free shave. I lather in the plastic Proraso bowl directly on the soap, then go straight to leg. I have also done a separate bowl lather with this, and it worked nicely. After use I leave the lid off for a couple of hours to let the soap dry somewhat (I shave in the shower & store my soap there, so there's a lot of water) and then store it with the lid on. The white has a slight menthol feel, but considerably less than the green. In my opinion, the white has a light scent of roses & fresh cut grass. It's very light and clean, and I think it could be considered the most "feminine" between the green, red & white Proraso soaps. I had issues with irritation from the red Proraso (disappointing, since I loved the scent), but neither the green or the white cause any problems for me. Overall I am extremely pleased with this soap and it will definitely be in my regular rotation.

1826	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty color. Almost like a grey and cream color. I will buy this again as my go to neutral color.
5690	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When I started thinning on top of my head I knew I needed to do something.  I'm a female age 56 and I think Menopause was the reason for my thinning hair.  Anyway, when anyone was talking to me they would always scroll with their eyes up to my head looking at the thin parts.  I became very embarrassed, especially when the wind blew it was worse.  Since using Toppik I'v notice they do not look at my thinning head anymore.  But, sometimes in the sun when the wind blows it's a little more apparent.
528	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The coverage of this mousse is incredible! Here are my pros and cons

4803	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair looks and feels terrific
436	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As stated in a previous review of a different shade, This is my new favorite brand! This cream is definitely more of a full coverage and goes on a bit heavy. I have found that this is best when I need it to last all day because it does not budge. This is super effective in covering up every single blemish or discoloration. The jar is actually huge... it will take awhile to go through this. It comes with a spatula to scrape the foundation out- a little bit goes a very long way. Overall, I am pretty happy with this. However, this shade is definitely a little too dark for me. It is for someone with a medium skin tone. I am more of a light/medium skin tone.
8263	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	These polishes are expensive and too thin for the color to pop. I bought several because the colors are so beautiful but have returned to old faithful OPI.
2364	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Sexy, sultry, feminine fragrance which is long-lasting and you don't need to use much of it. Have received compliments from other women about it, and my husband likes it on me.  So far I have purchased it twice.
7657	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have rosacea and was having problems keeping it under control.  I started using this twice a day and it's made a HUGE difference with the rosacea on my face.  I highly recommend this product!
4492	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product! I have a couple of bottles of this miscellar water that both my teen daughter and I have been using. She has clear skin, not oily, only rarely breaks out. Doesn't use any acne medicines. I have oily skin and a lifelong battle with acne. My skin is mostly clear, but that's due to coating myself in acne medicines 24/7.
3061	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	May 2017 Update:  So, I've decided this is really not worth it and lowered my rating accordingly.  It just doesn't perform the touted benefits and isn't worth the premium price tag.  I tried using it on extremely dry skin and it only provided temporary relief.  An hour later, the skin was dry and flaky again.  Even long term use did not provide any improvement over much cheaper products and it actually performed worse than many of them.  There may be other benefits or ingredients that some may find desirable or beneficial but as far as strictly moisturizing, there are much cheaper options that moisturize just as good or better.
Best makeup ever!!
3374	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought Danke-Shiny Red and it's an incredibly gorgeous ruby red shimmer. It is opaque in 1 coat, but the color does deepen slightly with a 2nd coat. You can definitely get away with it in 1, but I'm usually a 2-coat girl and prefer the color being a bit deeper so I use 2 coats. It also dries very shiny. The formula is great in that it's not too thick or thin, glides on the nail easily, doesn't pool, and isn't prone to any brush strokes. It also levels out quite nicely. I haven't had any major chipping concerns, but I do use Seche Vite top coat. Only con is that it's rather messy to remove and can stain a bit, but it's so beautiful that it's worth it.
~The Rebecca Review
4616	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Oh beauty products... what a crap shoot. You pay a lot, you agonize over ingredients you look at reviews and then... wait and see if it has any effect at all. If this product was sold as really thick moisturizing cream with natural ingredients I'd give it 5 stars. I think the thickness people have complained about is because either their skin type is more oily or they're not used to natural products that in my experience are less absorbent or at least slower.
It is good for any skin, any time, especially for problem skin. It doesn't block your pours. Your face look clean, fresh and healthy!!! I can't stop admiring this cosmetic!!! Will recommend to anybody.
7761	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for years.  It is a good product.
5576	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Product was as expected :-)


4184	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it. Helps with my oily skin. Leaves it fresh and smelling like cinnamon
Plus - This bottle is going to last me forever!
6095	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this thick goop a lot. It's very gentle, yet leaves my face feeling clean and refreshed. One note: It takes some effort to rinse off, so I recommend using it in the shower to ensure that it doesn't leave any residue.

Bottom line: try these if you're looking for something to help rid you of stubborn adult acne, or if you're simply looking for something to help with anti-aging or to help with wrinkles that have already formed. This product really is great!
750	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Okay so I was shocked when I opened up this little compact. The color was SO different than what it looked like on line.  I expected something soft and almost nude looking but what arrived was something brighter and much more of a coral pink tone.  But having read the reviews I knew this was pigment rich and a little goes a long way.  So I dabbed and applied and WOWFantastic!  I can wear coral and pinks so this worked for me (fair skin, pink undertones, freckles).  It brightened my face and added a touch of soft color. Very natural!  I love non powder for the way it works into your skin and looks part of your skin.  It doesn't sit on the surface and wipe off on everything.
EDIT -- months later, still wearing the Nail Envy under all my manis. Just came by to order a new bottle since mine is almost empty. Did I mention I LOVE this product?? My nails have stopped breaking and they have grown really long now. Ladies are shocked when I tell them they are not acrylics, and then I let them in on my secret: Nail Envy! ;)
What's not to like? Some men do not want to smell like any flowers, ever. This is not for them. Many men and some women do not like powdery smells. This is a little bit powdery, kind of a resinous grassy note mixed in with the powder, and is not overwrought at all. Still, if you loathe powder even in small doses, you may want to try before you buy.

1383	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used this product for years.  It totally works and fills in the hair that I've lost.  It makes the difference between looking nearly bald and having hair.  I recommend this to anyone with thinning hair.
Here is where I have found a much better way to use this foundation.
My favorite thing about this conditioner is the tingly feeling my head has after I wash it! Not to mention this is the best deal on this product I have found!
I applied a thick coat and let it work its magic for about five minutes, before rinsing it off.  It "oxygenates" and the thick cream turns into little bubbles on your face as it goes to work.
4699	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bioelements Sleepwear is the best.  Doesn't stay sticky like some over night creams for the face do.  Your skin feels so soft.  I have adult acne and I can't use many of the products out there.  Sleepwear works well and doesn't cause me to have an outbreak.  Well worth the money!!!
5234	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Its smooth and feels good and has a mild nice fragrance but it has done nothing and I'm not surprised. Nothing is going to fix creapy necks. Wishful thinking is so expensive. Things that work best for me are specific  neck exercise to create bloodflow, stay away from prolonged sunshine , watch your posture and eat healthy fats...We're all different and we all will age but let's do it slowly!
6003	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	On my second jar of this!  It's not too heavy like a lot of night creams are and rubs in smoothly without leaving my skin feeling greasy.
5750	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wanted my husband to try a new way to style his hair but we're totally lost in the realm of what seems like endless varieties of pomade. I'm glad I got this one. It leaves his hair soft and not sticky, yet keeps the style nicely. I will keep purchasing.


Caffeine: reduces appearance of puffiness
3698	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best toner/exfoliater for cystic acne.
However, it is darker and more golden-toned than expected. It's okay because I will save it for when I'm a little darker in the spring, but I wish it was a little lighter!
6859	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing!! I'm 35 &  I've tried everything for a fast removal of a zit. Nothing worked like this!! Before bed I Put it on 3 zits that appeared that morning. When I woke up 2 were completely gone and one is 1/4 of the size & the redish color gone completely. I'll NEVER not have this around!
SET WITH POWDER?
Just looking at friends in the same age bracket is proof that oils like this are really slowing down the age process for me.  Its the only addition Ive added to my beauty regimen, and Im quite happy with results.  My skin tone is better and wrinkles are few.
6261	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin is really dry, particularly after a long course of Accutane.  Winter weather can cause a lot of visible skin irritation from shaving, and most men's face washes are not targeted well to my skin type.  However, White Knight has been perfect.  It leaves my skin much more resistant to razor burn than other washes and, while more expensive than I am comfortable with, is recommended to anyone with very dry skin.

88	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for my toe nails.

Ingredients:
3317	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I received this in a subscription box where I pay a bimonthly fee and the curator chooses products for me based on a quiz I fill out about my hair (called SHtrands if you are interested).  This brand is new to me.  I have the "ProQuinoa complex" shampoo with sage since it appears that multiple items have been listed on this page in the past.
185	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it, great color!
9441	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works great for me I apply it before mascara in am and it looks great
896	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It seems so odd to purchase an aerosol can of thermal water, but I strangely enjoy this product.  After I washed my face I spray this on and then put my day lotion on.  It's just a fine mist spray, no scent, and I can't be completely sure but it does seem like my moisturizer is holding the moisture longer.  I enjoy the spritz to my face, a number of years ago I had a similar product.  When I use this on chilly days, it definitely gives me the chills, there's no good way to warm up the mist a bit.
7582	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great! Amazing!!
I am new to the Mario Badescu line but am impressed by this product and its benefits.  It does not cause any irritation and I have very sensitive skin.  I would recommend it.
9739	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Anything by BioElements is a great product.  I just don't use it all that much lately.  I switch to different products frequently.  This smells lovely.  Nice and clean.
I love that it's all natural, so I don't have to worry as much about side effects you might see with long-term use of phtalates, PEGs, TEA, DEA, pesticides, artificial dyes, fragrances, etc. I'd probably keep using it, but for the current price of $52/bottle (and fairly tiny size--it doesn't seem like it will last more than a month or two), I don't know that I can justify it just for a tiny bit of reduction in fine lines.
8278	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I think Butter London is the best nail polish. The colors are beautiful. It goes on well, easy, and smooth, and most times 1 coat is all you need, especially the darker colors. Well worth the money. Highest recommendations.
5912	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	First time trying a butter london nail polish personally, and I LOVE IT. It dries super quick so you have to make sure you have perfected it the first time around. It also feels different to me then a regular nail polish. The application process takes time to learn but I absolutely love it and this color is GORGEOUS!
First of all, this is a very thick creme foundation.  This type of foundation is different in performance and application than lotion, powder, or mineral foundation.  More on that later.  The foundation comes in a clear jar with cap on it.  There is no scent,, and it is highly pigmented.


4794	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the peppermint. There is a small tingley sensation that you would expect from mint but you get clean, well-conditioned hair.
The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.
Enjoy !
8257	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The BEST nail polish!
It has a delightful scent, very fresh.
4907	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm 50 years old. I've used Everyday minerals forever but since my skin has "matured" I noticed that it left my face looking heavy and left the texture of my skin rough. I tried everything, even liquid and BB creams but hated it all. I didn't give up and found this at the counter in a make up store at my local mall. I took a big chance since they did not do any refunds but the girl told me that I wouldn't be returning it. She did tell me that if the color was not good that she would exchange it. I'm glad she did because the Teakwood color was much too orange for my winter color and exchanged it for this. The color is perfect for my Asian yellow undertones and blends very well. Does not show off my fine lines/pores at all. I just apply some dark peach concealer (by Bobbie Brown) under my eyes and dust this all over my face. I've gotten alot of compliments since I started wearing this. Alittle goes a long way too.
9572	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've used about 4 different CK perfumes.  It has a signature smell I really couldn't describe.  This one, adding much more complexity than the previous ones I've used, maintains the signature scent yet is sophisticated in many ways.  Long lasting and has a truly unisex appeal.
The feeling that you get after shaving coupled with a great old fashioned double blade razor is amazing. By evening, my face feels like I did when using the "big name" shaving gels and 3, 4, 5, 10 blade systems. A very slight tingle from the menthol but a super close shave.
1780	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great brand and great color!

4130	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does excellent job.
4903	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	People ask all the time what I use. This does NOT settle into pores like other mineral makeup. I also have acne prone skin and have never had issues with any Jane Iredale product. The color is VERY different from the loose, so don't expect to use them interchangeably. Looks even better over a primer. If you have oily skin, put Absence under this to be shine free all day. Looks super natural and photographs well. Even wore it at my wedding.

I played around with this pencil for an hour and got the hang of proper application which involved short precise strokes that mimic fine hairs. As I continued to experiment I achieved a brow line that works for me and compliments my dark blonde hair. The pencil application works all day and is easily removed with my facial cleanser.
2307	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	thanks so much!
5683	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	shows like I have put dried mustard in my hair. After a couple of hours, it's gone. Will not try again.
6525	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I used to use different rose water spray but decided to try this one based on the high reviews. It feels nice going on but I don't think it does anything. It feels particularly nice on sunburnt skin. I can't imagine using it to set my makeup as other reviewers state they do. It would just cause my makeup to run off my face.
1259	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only buy this on Amazon. Great price!

7137	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	By far the best treatment for ingrown hair I have ever used. Not just for the face, it works quickly and easily. I have never found something that truly gets to the root of the problem and heals, but this definitely does. Recommend 100%.

To apply, I just rub my fingers over the powder to 'warm and soften' it, I find this much easier than using the little spatula that was included.  I suppose this is not the clean way of applying the foundation, but it works for me and my face has not broken out in a rash of acne or fallen off, so I will continue to ignore the little spatula, which always gets lost anyway!
I love the smell and he loves using this with his badger brush. It is probably
1572	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this series! Dries fast. You can't tell that you have anything on your nails. Hides any imperfections! Love it!
7. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL LEG AND BODY MAKE-UP (SPF25):
The entire life of this fragrance is amazing. From opening notes to the dry down to the last little bit of fragrance that lingers at the end of the day. The worst thing about it is that it only lasts about 3 or 4 hours on me. I have been told that I leave my smell behind on other people's clothes or their furniture, so maybe it just becomes undetectable to me at 3 or 4 hours. Also, the only people to ever compliment me on this product are people (women) that come within a foot or two of me- this is fine as I don't want to be the ass that is creating scent pollution in the office! I have only purchased from retail stores, so I cannot speak to the service or product delivered by Amazon but, If you're looking for an original fragrance that is spicy and sweet but not too sweet, you should give this stuff a try! The most noticeable notes all throughout are cinnamon, leather and vanilla. Words cannot express how much I love this juice!

The moisturizer is designed for most skin types, 20's and up and is effective for hyperpigmentation, dark spots, and uneven skin tone and texture.  You can feel safe with the natural organic ingredients of this product!
508	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	have used many different types of foundation over the years, I will say that is different from any other that I have used.
8127	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK, I purchased this product hoping that my hair would be oh so much better after using it.  In some ways it is but I can't pinpoint it to this product as I purchased the conditioner as well.  So, I think the combination of the two has definitely made a difference and I can tell that my hair seems a bit thicker and a bit better feeling.  I would recommend you give it a try but decide on your own if it's working for you or not.  Sorry I can't be more specific
The cleansing items including shampoo-very easy to wash off, no residue. Lotion absorbs fast (no stinging on eczema spots, like for example Aveeno eczema lotion does). We don't need diaper cream, but since it has 9% zinc oxide and it's not very heavy and pasty it will be great sun protection in the sun.
* They hold up to heavy commercial use
7788	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a tiny miracle bottle.  It contains salicylic acid which is a leader in skin care for blemishes.  It comes in a small bottle but a tiny drop lathers and goes a long way.  The smell is strong as if you can feel it working.  I think it is clearing my skin daily the more I use it.  RECOMMENDED.

4739	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I often purchase Jack Black Beard shaving product for the man of the house.  He finds their products to be the best of the bunch and I was interested to try their shampoo once I saw JB also makes hair care.  The scent is mild and invigorating.  In the colder months I have a drier scalp, and the True Volume Thickening shampoo didn't make it more dry or itchy.  Another side effect of the cold is my hair tends to go flat, so this shampoo was a welcome addition to the routine to add more volume, which it did.
9330	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	the best hair treatment!
4511	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Micellar Cleansing Water has proven to be a fantastic product for my complexion. I only wish this had been around when I was a teen. I'm middle-aged, but still have acne flare ups. The thought of using a cleansing water and not rinsing my face, just sounded like it wouldn't work for me. I'm glad I tried it anyway. I poured some on a cotton pad, wiped away makeup and that's it! It makes my face soft, clean and it clears up my acne fast. It's convenient, no excuse for leaving on makeup. Pleased to find this formula for oily complexions. This is the best! Recommended.
2797	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Cutting fingernails is always an annoying task.  The cheap little cutters are uncomfortable to use, require a lot of pressure to make their dull "blades" cut, and shoot the fingernail tips across the room.  Then the little scavenger hunt begins, as I search the room to try and collect the wayward tips.

6866	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best spot treatment!
I am wearing this on my toes right now.  I've had it on for a few days and it still looks wonderful.  (Granted, my toenail polish usually lasts a long time.)  It went on smoothly and wasn't drippy.  The brush is a bit narrow but that really helps with edges and smaller toes.  This was opaque in two coats and it dried quickly.  I put it on over a base coat (blues and greens sometimes stain my nails) and finished with Seche Vite fast dry topcoat.  It has a lovely shine when dry.
Getting the angle is easy, and with the extra light pressure you will be able to get an amazing shave.

9427	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My current makeup addiction is LORAC . Everything I have bought from Lorac works amazingly. I haven't been disappointed yet and this product is fantastic. Hasn't caused any breakouts, doesn't cause my face to feel oily, etc.
I prefer Graftobian HD Creme over this, although this performance does compare somewhat to Graftobian.  I did a side by side comparison with this and Graftobian HD Creme and found Graftobian to have a little better coverage with no risk of flashback and good HD appearance that I would probably stick with that. Having said that, however, this foundation is a decent foundation that is along the similar lines to Graftobian and would work okay in many situations.  Graftobian wore a little better but they were comparable.
8556	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Unlike many other moisturizers with SPF, this one goes on smooth and blends completely into the skin.  Doesn't leave your skin with a pale, other-worldly look.
374	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dermablend Crme Warm Ivory Foundation Makeup with SPF 30 , 1 oz is easy to apply and covers well. Make sure you pick the proper color to match your skin tone. There is only one thing that they do not mention is that you need the setting powder to keep it from coming off. I used regular face powder and it did the job somewhat, but really the maker should alert buyers that the setting poweder is not an optional product but a needed one.
4302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had very nice results with this foaming gel. It did a good job of removing the excess oil from my t-zone, but did not leave me with a feeling of tightness all over my face. It gave me a fresh feeling and my foundation went on nicely after washing. I still have some problem areas, and I feel that this brand calmed it down a bit. I usually prefer facial scrubs with a grainy texture, but I sense that this was just as effective. I'd definitely recommend giving Bioderma a try.
I have found recently that I need to put on fine dustings of all powders for myself personally; and not necessarily all over my face and neck.
Cleans squeaky clean.
I know you can use it as a toner but right now I'm using it to set my makeup. I feel like it really brings out the pigmentation in my highlighter for that extra glow without any irritation. *pic enclosed*
71	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color!
The feel of this product is that you use a pearl sized drop of this product applied around your entire face and eyes.  When I do this, I feel a lot of silicone feel to it.  This leaves my face feeling like it has saran wrap on it of sorts.  It is hard to explain, but after a while of wearing this primer, I feel like my face wants to breathe and I want to remove it.
3982	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When I saw how light it was I didn't think it would work but it does without being greasy!
2203	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works great and is gentle enough for my rosecea. I've tried so many concealers for sensitive skin. Laura mercier, Clinique, bare minerals, and more. This is the only one my skin will tolerate and its also works pretty darn well!
6464	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this cleanser in conjunction with the MB cucumber cleansing lotion for almost a year and cannot believe I ever used anything else. I love these products! They have changed my skin and made me more confident.

998	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product worth the experience

1165	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product
3514	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a huge fan of CND's sticky base coat & shiney topcoat.  The topcoat is not only shiney, but dries fast and gives a durable finish to your manicure. By starting with sticky & ending with shiney, I can get about a week from my manicure when used with OPI polish on natural nails.  I've tried other base & topcoats, but don't get the wear that I get from the CND products.
Will update review after I use it for 4-6 wweks
3281	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was using another lip balm that cost 3x the cost of this item and while it was OK, I found I was putting  in on 10-12 times a day.  My skin is dry and my lips seem to take the brunt of that.  They are dry and will peel - lipstick and gloss only makes it look worse.  Based on the good reviews and the reasonable price, I decided to try this product.  I wish I had found it earlier.  It seems to penetrate the skin more, making my lips smooth and improving the texture of my lips.  I find I have to use it half as much as the other more expensive product I used to use.  The scents are very pleasant.  I like the grapefruit best.  My son inherited the dry lips thing and I bought one for him - he is a fan too.  Great product - give it a try!
My only complaint is that it does little to fight blackheads so I pair it up with a face scrub (Neutrogena) and a pore minimizing serum (Art Naturals)
4076	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Vichy Puret&eacute; Thermale 3-in-1 One Step Micellar has reminded me how valuable makeup remover can be.  Just saturate a cotton ball and wipe.  No need to rinse or wash your face afterward.  This refreshing makeup remover and cleanser  left my skin feeling clean.  I don't usually suffer from sensitivity, so I can't evaluate the product in that department except to say that I did not experience any sensitivity.  The scent is very faint.  I'm really impressed with this product.  I will even consider purchasing it when I run out.
7000	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love everything in this kit and it does wonders for acne.

9868	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The 37C has been promoted to my daily shaver.  Not only does it seem to slice through whiskers easier than other razors, but it gives a closer shave.
5133	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am an Asian Indian women with alot of hairs on my head, and the texture is quite coarse. Prior to using CHI Silk, I have tried a few similar products but they never worked the way CHI Silk works. It makes hair so silky without making them greasy or reducing the volume down.
It is somewhat strong smelling as well.
485	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have tried several Dermablend products recently, and this cover creme is definitely one of my favorites thus. I really like the shade, and it adds a touch of color without looking artificial. I don't have to waste time rubbing off excess to tone it down. You can use the included plastic stick to scrape off some foundation (a little can go a long way, but it's a work of trial and error) to place on your hand and activate by rubbing, then applying to your face.
7144	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have baby fine hair, I was looking for something that would not weigh my hair done.  This works well to detangle

5858	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is really nice top coat! Dries fast and helps nails stay perfect for a couple days. I would recommend putting on a 2nd coat day 2.
Its a good cream but have to be carefull
The stuff is not waterproof and will come out if you get your head soaked.
3295	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I wanted something to add a bit of sparkle to my hair and this is perfect!  It's very subtle (unless you get carried away) and I've also used it on top of my blush for evening wear.  I don't think I'd want to put it all over my body but for a touch hear and there it's quite attractive.  It's exactly what I was looking for!
5516	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	These just really didn't work for me. I have diffuse thinning--not the worst out there, but quite noticeable. Sprinkling the fibers just caused them to kind of bunch up and clump, so it was really obvious there was something unsavory going on on my scalp. If you sweat a little bit or scratch your head, the fibers will really turn into clumps. I'm glad this works for other people, but I don't really want anyone to be able to tell that I'm hiding my thin hair behind some powder.
6887	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is first aid for any pimple! It is an absolute essential to have this magic potion in your home. It is tried and true and WORKS fast...especially for deep pimples.
661	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product line was recommended to me via a medi-spa when I had an IPL facial. As a 38 year old female with combination acne prone sensitive skin, I was scared to try a product I thought might either make me break out or react negatively. I had tried other products in the past from the drug store (Neutrogena) or beauty counter (Clinique), or online (Paula Begoun) all with mixed mediocre results.
1166	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product does exactly what it is supposed to do but here is what you need to know:  first, use it sparingly and only every other day if not every 2-3 days because it is really strong. Second, be careful when combining this with other skin products you are already using , i.e. tretinoin (Retin A) etc... and third, it will burn when you first start using it which is normal but that will stop. This product does work on dark marks. I am African American and this is the second bottle I have purchased and I am extremely happy with it.  Nothing else I have purchased has given me the same results.  The product can be used on other parts of the body besides the face. I started to see results within 2-3 weeks and I used it at night and used a sunscreen during the day.
Not sure if that is what it was meant for -- yet, I no longer have problems with aftershave bumps or anything...
4031	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lovely cleansing water does all of the things it's supposed to do. It removes eye make-up in a flash. It's cooling which will be really refreshing on hot days and it does a great job of cleansing.
9420	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So far I am really impressed with this product...I use it about 3 times a week and am pleased with the results so far!
Pros:
2704	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I get so many compliments on my skin when I use this. Perfect for fair skin gals who want a little extra sparkle.
5986	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream is a god-sent! Before trying this cream I had tried sooooo many others to combat my dry under eyes. I can't even imagine how much money I've spent on different creams and oils to try to combat my issue. Thank God my search is over because this is now my 2nd time purchasing this eye cream and I'm hooked! I will definitely purchase this again and again and again and again...you get the point.
3344	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very bright color. Will be a great color for Easter!
8079	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This produce may be applied in just moments to achieve a very efficient results, any time of the day.
I am happy to see more high-end products from LOreal that should work well for young and old alike, especially since it seemed to me years ago that their products were for my younger crowd.
1851	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does not shout "look at my toes" like so many of the contemporary colors. This "old-fashioned" color is not available in local stores.  I love it - not too pink, not too red.  Just right.
Anyway, PCA Skin is an awesome line.  It does not disappoint. It is gentle yet effective. No greasiness or icky perfumes.


The cream has no fragrance and is non-greasy. I suggest you use a small glob to start with and massage it in until it liquefies and  absorbs. If you use too much it will sit on top of your skin like a coat of wax.
7001	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a fantastic set! It lasted over two months. I saw results after a week. Everything is effective. My favorite product is the moisturizer - it's light, grease-free, and it feels like pure relief when you apply it.
Thumbs up!
The power cord doesn't tangle and the temperature controls are small and out of the way. I appreciate that Hot Tools has constructed this iron by separately screwing in thumb clamp, and not just using the little metal stand to hold it in. I'h had irons in the past, where the little metal stand you use to prop up the iron is actually what holds the thumb clamp to the iron itself. So if something happens and the little stand gets knocked off, the whole iron falls apart. Not so with this Hot Tools curling iron. The metal stand is attached to the thumb clamp, but there are separate screws in it that actually hold the whole iron together. So that means even if the metal stand that holds the iron up from burning your bathroom sink was to come off, the iron will still work and stay together. And actually, it's easy to take the stand off and put it back on if need be.
7848	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Came and the bottle was smashed up and it was empty.
I am a young woman, and without this product I would go back to  feeling  very self -conscience and uncomfortable in public.
1940	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this nail polish. I have worn it more times than not already and it is my go to color of the summer.
2425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's great stuff!
HOW TO APPLY
Basically, this is an excellent product. Go into it with a good attitude and know that it may take time, but for many it works.
9980	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried everything from premium designer stuff to the value stuff.  When it comes down to it, it's really just shaving soap.  This stuff is no different.  Proraso is a very good shaving product.  It doesn't have the variety of scents that other soaps/creams have, but for the price, it's a good low-frills product.  The soap is just hard enough to load my brush on it, but soft enough to get a really good load without too much effort.  It really whips up a great rich lather that is very slick.  It leaves my skin feeling hydrated and it works great with the Nivea aftershave balm.  The only gripe I have is the scent.  I don't particularly care for the soapy scent.  It's not bad, I just wouldn't wear it as a cologne.  Of course, smell is completely subjective.  Like most all soaps, the scent doesn't linger for more than a few minutes anyway.
7231	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have adult acne (what a thrill!), but I never had acne as a teenager. It's really fun to break out and manage wrinkles at the same time...

2539	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It was a surprising consistency, like aloe vera. Not much scent, but it is a good post shave gel. Almost seems like witch hazel and aloe.
Conclusion: This is a moisturizer that is a little heavy for a day cream, but works well at night. The fragrance is a little strong and lasting. The inclusion of organic ingredients and antioxidants is a major selling point, in my opinion.
Recommended. prisrob 01- 06 -15
2477	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Would be a fine toothpaste if it wasn't so expensive. Not worth the price.
I had never bought PCA on Amazon before, so I was a little worried..but the products are sealed, new, and legitimate. I am very happy and will be buying again when I run out. Thank you.
7688	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I started using this recently and absolutely love it.  It allows me to wash my face and eyes at the same time.

Goes on smooth and skin conditioning and (Pentaerythrityl Tetracaprylate/Tetracaprate, Oleanolic Acid, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, sage and rosemary leaf extracts)


It doesn't take very much of the powder on the brush to cover well.  It stays on very well.  I like the way it feels on my skin, and it seems quite soothing to my skin.
4111	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Have to be real careful using this applicator. To achieve that even look, have to spend some time doing light coats over and over the same area like you're painting a car. The hard part about it is you're pumping the applicator and may squeeze little harder or faster then previously. It's not like an aerosol can spraying at the same speed. Sometimes it'll spray more than what you want leaving spots on the scalp making it look obviously freaky. Taking out the spot and trying to redo the application can be time consuming. Over priced pump applicator that doesn't guarantee an even spray each time. Hope you don't have a lead finger.
5693	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is great for thinning hair, but you need some hair for it to adhere to.  It's keratin, which I believe is a protein that is part of the structure of hair and it looks very natural, if you choose the right color.  Even a hairdresser couldn't tell I was using it until she washed my hair.  It comes out easily with shampoo, but can last for a day or two if you don't wash your hair.  It makes your hair look so much thicker and that is saying something.  My hair is so thin in the back that my scalp shows through, but with Toppik, you can't tell.  Even if someone was sitting behind you, like in church, I don't think they would pick up on the fact that you are using it.  Men, if your head is totally bald, you know, shiny, I don't think this is for you, but if you are thinning and still have a fair amount of strands of hair left, this could work for you.  Be sure to get the color closest to the rest of your hair.  I believe they even have grey.  I use either the dark brown or the light brown depending on the shade that I have my hair dyed.  Also, it doesn't come off on my pillow like the Joan Rivers junk, and the medium size can lasts pretty long. It's expensive, sort of, but worth it.  Definitely cheaper than a wig or toupee.  As soon as I open a new container, I order another one, just to make sure that I never run out.  The best price I have found is on this website. Sally's Beauty Supply is much more expensive, as is the Toppik website.
This would not work well for extensive baldness (nothing does!), but works well for the dreaded "wide part" problem. Dark hair would be more of a challenge on a light-skinned person, as the contrast between hair and scalp would make the fibers show more than with medium brown hair.
6864	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using this stuff for years and works very well!

4529	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I did not realize this clay mask was for men when I ordered it. Being older, I'm very careful about what I put on my face, so this marketed-to-men product made me nervous, despite how much I've always enjoyed facial masks. I live in a household comprised of females except for my 13 year old son. I didn't think there was much chance I was going to get him to try out the clay mask so I finally decided to give it a go myself. (What did I think would happen? I'd grow a mustache?) I slathered it on today. After busying myself for about 15 minutes until it tightened and dried, I jumped in the shower to remove it. I was very happy at how easy it came off - it seemed to practically dissolve under the water  - and amazed at how soft my face felt to the touch. When I got out I was even more surprised at the response of  my skin to the treatment - was it cleaner? Surely, but the most remarkable thing was how luminescent my skin was. My face literally glowed. I've got to say I looked great even with a towel wrapped around my head. I'll be using the rest of this product for myself.

2957	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So they say this product is made for a man's skin.  Last I checked I am not a guy, but I will say I think this facial scrub doesn't discriminate too much.  The scent is pleasant and gender neutral. I thought the tube held a fair amount of product, being a woman often means that I get less product, and I get to pay more.  This was somewhat gritty and it really felt like it did a great job in removing the dead skin cells.
After I shared with you all of this , the review is all about the cream, I will make sure on the other hand that I will publish reviews on all the other products listed above on Amazon in the coming days, so it will help you understand every factor and function of the shave which to me has been a huge success.
8048	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for several months now and I like it very much. In my "middle age" with the crown of my head thinning significantly, I find that Toppik is the perfect product to fill in the gaps on my gleaming white scalp. It makes my hair look thicker, and is not nearly the hassle of a wig or a hair piece. The downside, is that it can be a little itchy and you can't really scratch it with your fingers without getting the dye under your nails..a pencil works well though. Also, it should be used with hairspray to keep the fibers in place. I don't much like hairspray and have rarely used it, but all the above is still worth it when I'm out on the town and am feeling self conscious about my thinning hair. Recommended for anyone with thinning hair, or small balding areas, men or women.

Until this one...the applicator is perfect...not hard in that it feels as tho a velvet tool lined my eyes.
3071	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. Great eye product.
5705	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for over a year now, and I recommend it to anyone that has thin hair on the top of the head.  The color blends in well with my own haircolor, and it adds body and texture to my own thin strands. I do try and add a side part using a thin comb or pick in order to obtain a more natural look, otherwise it can sometimes look like a wig without a natural hairpart.
5275	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	While it is expensive, it's the only sunscreen I've used that feels more like moisturizer than sunscreen. Not greasy at all. Great for wearing under makeup. I'd been looking for a light face sunscreen for a while, and tried so many drugstore and department store brand. This one is definitely the best. I will say that you don't have to use a lot of it for full facial coverage, and the size has lasted me a while.
Active Ingredients: 9.0% Zinc oxide, 7.50% Octinoxate, 5.0% Octisalate
7634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Non-greasy, pleasant-smelling and effective. I'm impressed that most of the ingredients are organic. I feel good about that. Other face-SPF products end up stinging my eyes when I perspire or get my face wet but not Coola. Great product!
1769	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color!
7737	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product - skeptical if it would "add value" but it does!
6395	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love MB products, and count on their uniform quality. this shampoo is great. smells wonderful and rinses cleanly. a staple in my routine.
1920	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This color isn't as bright on, but nevertheless, I still like the green. Essie is slowly becoming my least favorite brand of nail polishes, simply because they seem watered down (literally). Any Essie color I use; I almost always have to do three coats. But what I can say about Essie is that they have such a great array of colors! They're always so lush, vibrant, demure but yet sexy at the same time.
5036	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Vincent Longo Water Canvas Base takes the saying "a little goes a long way" a little too seriously. This tiny tube of foundation base is not worth $45.00, not to me anyway. Yes, it's creates a nice soft feeling on your skin but it did not help my makeup stay put or minimize pores like other, less expensive bases and primers. It actually felt like glycerin which you can pick up anywhere for a fraction of this price. I didn't notice any difference in the final look with or without it. I was very disappointed and could not imagine ever purchasing or recommending Canvas Base, not when there are plenty of products available that do the job perfectly.
Plus as the product states there are all kinds of other benefits that do help in the long run such as fighting free radicals and sun damage.



288	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat OPI polish and can't beat the price on Amazon!  A winning combination for me.
5452	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used Baxter and L'Or&eacute;al and several other aftershave products.  In comparing Vichy I note a couple of things.  Vichy has almost no smell, which I prefer.  For Vichy, a little goes a long way and this 2 1/2 ounce tube should last a little while.  Some of the other products, like L'Or&eacute;al's, offer SPF protection and Vichy does not in this product.
9667	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Item is as described and arrived promptly.
Oh, just did a Google search - this is for MEN!! lol - I got it on the Vine program and didn't realize that since it didn't say "for men" anywhere on it. They do talk about it on a youtube video as being waxy and sticky but not leaving your hair feeling that way, and I have to agree. Guess I'll give this to one of my guy friends. Too funny! I did like the scent which was a faint citrus smell. I still may keep it to style the front of my hair and keep the frizzies down, plus I'm planning on cutting my shoulder length hair off, so...
5754	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This has a very light, fresh scent that dissipates, and is probably not going to attract bugs like some. It is slippery when put on wet hair but dries to a nice, natural finish. A little dab'll do ya, too, or you will get the greasies. It doesn't stick the hair together; it is more like a volumizing control product. Nice/

1077	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product does have some tint to it, but I found I could use it and that the color is actually pretty light and subtle. I think I would prefer to have the colorless powder, if I had a choice, but this one worked just fine. I put it on by itself, over a few spots where I used the concealer. I really am liking Dermablend's products a LOT! No irritation or clogged pores, which has always been a problem for me in the past.
6880	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Drying Lotion has worked so well for me, my husband and my friends.  I've been using it for 10 years whenever I have a pimple developing.  I feel its effect immediately and after a day or so of use the pimple is immediately reduced, sometimes doesn't even fully develop.  A bottle lasts for a long time since you only need it for spot treatment.
Easy to comb out and holds well with some flexibility
7383	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is good, but it is NOT $44.00 amazing.

2389	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Calvin Klein Obsession is a darker, musky scent. When first applied it is a tad overwhelming but mellows out quickly into something more pleasant. The scent lasts for awhile and there's no need to reapply.
6164	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use a product with Retin-A nightly, and while it does a nice job smoothing out fine lines, it cause my skin to dry out and be sun sensitive. I am also dealing with outbreaks of rosacea, so I need a gentle but effective moisturizer. The Mario Badescu Moisture Magnet covers all of my requirements and is working very well.
4453	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the other Vichy products I've tried (the Aqualia serum is fantastic), but I was a little dubious about this cleanser, which claims to be able to clean, tone, and remove eye makeup. That's a tall order, but this cleanser delivers. It works really well on my tough to remove eyeliner and mascara. It's a very gently cleanser that doesn't irritate my sensitive skin or dry it out.
4564	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This will never be confused for a woman's perfume.
7569	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite hairspray



5657	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The coverage is very good.  However, I find that my sink has particles in it after I use it, and it does come off on my pillowcase.  However, it does wash out.
261	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's a perfect color for sunset nail designs!
7977	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great!
Very disappointed.



672	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Used for a few days and my skin looks clearer and brighter. The serum doesn't smell good, very herbal, but it's ok as I can't smell it a few minutes after application. The pump doesn't work very well though.
All that aside, afterward my skin felt great -- clean and smooth, very pleasant. Even the next day my skin feels great.

So how does Vichy Id&eacute;al Capital self tanner stack up.  I would give it 4/5, mostly due to ease of application and how it feels after it has been on a while.  Minus a star for perceived lower DHA concentration and slower tan development.

2132	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this shampoo
Author of "1106 Grand Boulevard"
4038	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Extremely gentle, this water like fluid can serve as a cleanser, makeup remover and toner. It is safe to use on the eyes and adequately removes eye make up. It has a rose fragrance that does not linger. apply with a cotton pad. I found it worked well as a makeup remover and as a toner. However you have to use an inordinate amount to thoroughly cleanse especially if you wear a full regalia of makeup, i.e., primer, foundation, blush, mascara, liner, shadow, contour, highlighter and lipstick. It doesn't require rinsing nor does it leave the skin feeling tight or irritated. A good product especially for those with sensitive or dry skin.
Even though I didn't know there was a process to using the cream, I had to assume I wouldn't have seen any further improvement with the first 1/2 jar, and just chalked it up to live and learn! I've tried many creams and lotions... I have no problems with them as long as they smell good and absorb well - in other words they don't just sit on top of my skin if they're supposed to soak in with their special "nanosphooses" or "hydrofloofers". If I'm paying more than drug store price for some newly discovered chemical complex or supposed stem cell therapy, I want to "SEE" a pleasant difference, as well as feel a nice difference!
4366	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Smells nice but made my skin too oily...  Not sure if it was Pevonia's toner or this cream, or the combination of both, but my skin didn't like the ingredients and reacted adversely.
5900	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
1339	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this since around 2002 and couldn't go a day without it. It gives me a sense of confidence!
According to the instructions, you can use this daily, depending on your skin type and the amount of it you apply.  I'll probably use this a few times a week, and will be sure to report back on how I like it as I use it more.


6049	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	really good for the price
6670	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works good, got here quickly and in good packaging. Is really appealing to the eye and works so good!
6313	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I received a sample of this and I really like it. I find that I cannot use it every night. It is good when my skin is really dry and I need a deep moisturizing treatment. It goes on very thick and when I wake up my skin in very moisturized. I definitely have to wash it off in the AM as it would be to heavy to have under makeup.
3267	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The most affordable product in the Jack Black line, but also one of the best.  Comes in a variety of different flavors.  Spreads well without being too greasy.  SPF 25 protection makes it a great value.  Before I used to use Aquaphor and Chapstick but I definitely notice the difference.
2295	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Janes mineral powders , they are very fine , and go on smooth and are natural looking.  Amber is a great color , I have a slight olive undertone , and it seems to blend in well with my med. to maybe light skin.  I recommend this product to any one I like., or don't like , it's good stuff!
6476	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Get this it's close to perfect skins goes from dry to normal in two days , eyes so so much better in 2 days love it love it
2182	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	We never had an issue with cradle cap! I strongly believe it's because we washed our little guy's head with this shampoo a few times a week. Strongly recommend
6812	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is magic!! Feel a zit coming on, put a dab of this at night, nearly gone the next morning!!! But it's basically calamine lotion and alcohol. Alcohol sits on top. You don't shake.
This scrub is good at making the skin feel very smooth and clean without using a large amount or pushing very hard at all which will help the tube to last quite some time.
4010	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive skin with occasional eczema outbreaks when my skin comes into contact with harsh cosmetics.  A lot of facial cleansers and makeup removers leave my skin either irritated or so oily that it reacts.  Not this Vichy Miceller Waterversion.  It contains no alcohol, yet feels as refreshing as a traditional astringent -- without the drying.  My skin feels both soft and clean afterward.  I love that I can use it around my eyes without its prompting an eczema outbreak.
I can also see this tube lasting a really long time since you only need a small amount of product to wash your whole face.  The price is high, but I will definitely re-purchase it when I run out since it works so well.
This is good stuff. I recommend it.
5476	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very creamy and nice scent. Just use very little and it works so well, I use a Fusion power razor with it and it rinses off the blades so well. It may seem expensive, but you use so little of it that it is worth the money .I have sensitive skin and it did not leave any redness
Author of "1106 Grand Boulevard"
8002	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	For a few more dollars I could've gotten a much BIGGER bottle!!!!!!!! Content amount is Not worth it!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a rip off
4821	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I found this for less elsewhere so I won't show up as "verified", but I can assure you that I do own this product and that I also love it. I used it with the Tressa Watercolors shampoo in Liquid Copper on hair that was faded and very dry even though I was using Pureology. This brought the color back up to fresh in 2 uses so that was great, but even better is the condition it has left my hair. It is super soft, shiny, manageable, silky, and nary a split-end to be seen. I even used it today when I finally got around to doing my roots and touching up my color instead of the regular deep-conditioner and my hair doesn't even sort of look like I just processed it. It's a little pricey, but I honestly don't care - totally worth it. The smell takes some getting used to, but it's not unpleasant - just strong. It reminds me of cinnamon with a floral background.

One line I'm going to look into is the "menscience" line of products.
2195	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can not go wrong with Jack Black!
8399	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is a little greasy but I don't mind since I put it on before bedtime.  My facial skin loves it and make it very soft.  No weird flowery smell.  A little goes a long way.
8617	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product. Leaves face clean but not tight.
1855	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color, it's a red wine, which is what I like I don't like such a solid wine color, this is beautiful, ordered more for fall!
7214	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Been using this for a while now.  Only complaint is that it leaves your face looking a bit dry and washed out.  Tried other colors but too dark.  I have very dry skin so need lots of moisturizer.
7145	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This truly is an amazing product for the price!  It makes your scalp feel amazing and you honestly do feel and see a difference in your hairline.
5379	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is awesome!  I love it on my whole face but works wonders around my eyes. My skin feels plump and firm. Love it!!
3075	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I found this product to be frustrating, not terrible but not worth the high price.
3979	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice emollient moisturizer. Non irritating, with no break outs, a very good basic moisturizing cream that will keep even very dry skin moisturized. It is scented, however it is a very mild scent, reminiscent of baby powder, and thankfully fades quickly, so if you are completely intolerant to scented products, keep this in mind. When I'm looking to simply moisturize my skin, without extra anti-aging or other various skincare properties, this is the one I reach for. Sometimes it's good to just have a simple, yet effective moisturizer
2678	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Break out from HELL - worse than a hormonal teenager!
3. You don't need to use much.
I am a young woman, and without this product I would go back to  feeling  very self -conscience and uncomfortable in public.
According to the instructions, you can use this daily, depending on your skin type and the amount of it you apply.  I'll probably use this a few times a week, and will be sure to report back on how I like it as I use it more.
7880	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This worked for me! A little goes a long way too!  My bangs are thinning, so I use it right in front.  I would recommend it
2467	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product
7117	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has to be the best shaving cream on the market! I can not use anything else to shave my skin with anymore. I am totally spoiled! It prepares the skin after leaving it on for at least 30 sec before shaving. It makes the shave very close, doesnt clog the razor, and i don't get razor burn. I highly, highly recommend this shave cream to everyone! Just try it, Your skin doesnt feel dried out or itchy after shaving either, which i used to hate shaving because I suffered chronically from that.
997	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!! I always liked glycolic acid products, & hadn't found any recently. This one is strong, but very effective dealing with acne & scarring.
It comes in a decorator gift box with a baby blue ribbon handle and baby blue tissue inside -- which means it is a perfect gift!
5345	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love all Pevonia of products but they are not cheap.  This one smells wonderful, like all of their products.
6911	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is another great product by Anthony. I use this product at night and in the morning. The pads do a good job in cleaning and toning the face. The smell is very nice with a cooling sensation felt on the face. I'm happy with using this product and I plan on using it for some time.
4334	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very refreshing! I feel like this makes my face feel very smooth after my skin soaks in the toner and moisturizer.
5733	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was trying all types of products to thicken my thinning hair.  Nothing worked.  Minoxidil only helps in slowing down the process but does nothing for covering the thinning spots.  This product really works.  It really does work in covering areas that are thinning, and your friends will not be able to tell the difference.
9671	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love product

Based on his feed back Hot Tools are a top choice for professionals for a couple of reasons:
1511	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color - it's a dark charcoal
4541	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this moisturizer!  It is the best I have tried so far.  Feels great on the skin, absorbs quickly, very hydrating.
7316	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Wonderful soap. Lather is luxurious and delightful. It seems odd to me that people don't talk more about the scent. It is quite different than any other soap I've ever encountered. I will tell you that I love the scent, but it is not for everybody. In point of fact it smells like the spice cumin. It has a very pleasant, light curry smell that doesn't linger too long - just enough to enjoy. The quality of the soap is excellent and I am very keen to try some of their other scents.
(This review written by Bun's husband)
6521	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The BEST MAKEUP BASE I have ever used... I sprayed it on as soon as I got out of the shower and my makeup lasts ALL DAY.
2799	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These clippers have a great compact design that are great for travel and to keep in a purse. And they come with a little storage case.
7973	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff!
9021	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the curling iron that you wanted as a teenager when you bought your first one from Target and spent hours cursing it because it wouldn't hold a curl at all. This iron is the preferred iron of stylists for a reason-it is a workhorse, and it is fabulous.
5821	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i have used this for over 20 years. It is not sticky or oily. AND it is spf 33!!  I use it every morning


I marched back into the bathroom and looked at my hair - yup, smooth, shiny, and silky all right. And after sleeping on it all night - even tossing and turning -- I woke to smooth silky hair! Okay, so, I'm sold!
A. What I mean is that with the lighter shade of crme I was able to get the same look with the darker powder, as with the opposite of that technique using the darker crme and a lighter powder. Altogether, with these medium shades I was able to get a perfect match, thus prolonging my experience.
5575	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works amazing, just very black!
1312	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have VERY thin hair on the top and front of my head. I'm a 41 yr old female with female pattern baldness. I have medium brown  curly hair. Based on previous reviews I chose light brown. I'm happy I did me because it blended perfectly. To apply I found the spray applicator works best for me. I dry and style my hair and then gently lift sections up and holding the sprayer 3-6" above my hair, give shallow "poofs" to the shaft and 2-3" in length from my scalp. Then I lay the hair back in the desired style and generally mist the hair in the thinnest spots-patting the hair to gently push it into the hair itself. Then light spray with hairspray. I have also not used hair spray and it stayed in place as well. It has never come off on my pillow or my clothes. The only issue I have is getting too close to my scalp- it can become polka dots in my bald spots if not careful. If you have a small bald spot this would be fine, but my hair is so thin I would need a lot of product to cover my scalp. Toppik plumps the hair I have and dusts my scalp in color to minimize my scalp showing. My husband thinks it looks really natural- he didn't know what I had done but kept saying how good my hair looked. He was surprised when I told and showed him the product. He had no idea it was fibers! Part of what really makes my hair look thicker is that this product is great to make your hairline part look thinner and thus making your hair appear fuller. To keep a straight part line, lay a pipe cleaner on top of your part or use a piece of paper to cover the part line and then apply to Toppik over the paper/pipe cleaner. You will be amazed how minimizing your part maximizes the look of your hair! It's a good solution with little effort. Depending in your type of thinning/balding will determine if the product is successful for you. The product does attach to the hair you have and does appear thicker and it does not come off until you wash it. It did exactly what it promised to. Good luck!
7908	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product that lives up to its hype.  The small ones help you find your color.  (then can order a larger one).
It is also very greasy- probably because of all the oils in it.  I just doesn't have staying power-  especially if used around the eyes.
8117	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for over a month and my hair looks great. Very soft and smells really good. Shampoo does not lather because it is sulfate free. Be sure an get the conditioner,  I got it too, and it works great!

This a product that I had underestimated until today when I applied it under Dermablend Pro Translucent Loose Setting Powder, which may not be necessary if you want that chroma look; yet because I preferred the varying built-up applications I achieved with the Dermablend Professional Cr&egrave;me, I missed something with trying this last.  As before I was too quick to judge.  I had applied it very thick and then I went out.  I thought to myself that is was mask-like, yet nice moist cover.
The scent is strong but I like it, as does my husband. It's a mix of blackberry, nectarine, red currant, and fir, which sounds unusual but really smells nice. It scents your whole room after just a few minutes of burning time. My only nit is that it's pricey, but other then that nice and recommended.
4810	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I don't think this is any better than the other oil treatments that I have purchased.  I'd save the money.
5586	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used to think buying a wig was my only alternative as a female with alopecia. I started with one little thin spot 20 years ago. Now the entire top of my head is extremely sparse or bald. Nothing worked for me before this. My only problem was that the dark brown was too dark, and the med brown too light. I found out you could pry/twist off the top of the regular size container or larger, and then you could mix colors to get the exact right match.

Increase in skin smoothness, thickness and firmness
8000	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would recommend this to anyone that still has hair but is balding and can't stand those tell tale shiny spots that say you have thinning hair.
4255	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Understated sophistication. This cologne is made in France. The scent is clean and fresh but complex and very appealing. Pulling out all of the individual fragrance notes with accuracy is beyond my amateur skill level but the main ones are citrus, woodsy  perhaps sandalwood/cedar and spicy notes, with the latter two developing as the cologne dries and is worn. The components combine to create a truly excellent fragrance.

4313	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!!
Well, after thinking it wasn't working (the blades wouldn't quite touch when I squeezed), I finally figured out that the handle has to be raised and then pulled out and up, to settle in a groove on the lever (this will make more sense when you can play with one yourself).  That allows more leverage, and makes the blades close all the way.  So, if you get one and it doesn't seem to work, play with it a bit longer and you'll figure out the lever trick.


The smell is a bit strong, but it dissipates pretty quickly, and it doesn't add too much extra time to your manicure since it also dries quickly.





864	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love La Roche-Posay products in general, and I love facial waters and mists, so when this was offered to me, I didn't think twice. I have actually purchased this exact product before, so this is my 2nd bottle. I have also purchased the Avene and Evian facial mists. I own many other more fixative-type mists (UD All Nighter, MAC Fix+, Ben Nye Final Seal, NYX Matte, etc.) but consider this water spray as more of a toner or refresher. For reference: I am 32 and have oily, slightly acne-prone skin.
If I understand correctly, its the EPERUA FALCATA BARK EXTRACT (the fourth ingredient from the last) that has the most significant soothing properties. And Im not the only one to notice this. According to a rosacea support group, Eperua falcata bark extract: Rich in flavonoids, this natural active reduces skin hyper-reactivity and protects against inflammation. I couldn't find a lot of scientific studies, but this soothing after shave balm cream really soothes.
6162	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I keep looking for new moisturizers since they keep discontinuing them. I was hesitant on using this one as it doesn't look like much but wht a surprise. I use just a little dot of the lotion and just in my forehead (which tends to be direr). When I got home from work, I checked my forehead and it still felt smooth and not dry. The next day I used it for my entire face and it worked great. My face feels moisturized and not tight at all.
5100	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my absolute favorite skin care product of all time AND it was significantly cheaper on Amazon; I had been on an auto ship with dermstore.com and had stopped buying becuase of the price so I was extremely excited to get three on amazon for the price of two at dermstore. I have extremely, extremely sensitive skin. I discovered Pevonia 6 or 7 years ago and used the Roseacea line for a while before switching to this C Complexe. It doesn't have much of an odor and is very light so great for layering. This is a great way to get some C into your skin care regime that isn't harsh. My skin has improved significantly since using this and for a few months when I didn't use it people noticed the difference asking if I was tired or didn't feel great becuase my skin didn't have the same glow. I would suggest to anybody to buy this, can't say enough how much I love this product and will sacrifice buying something else to keep this in my daily regime.
This cream is no different. It goes on like silk and skin is instantly softer. You don't need a lot of it to cover your face and neck, a little goes a long way.
8064	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For those of us with thinning hair, this is the perfect solution to give us the look of more hair.  I've used it for years and no one has ever known that I use it.

8624	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff!!!! Simply put, great stuff. My face felt so replenish after using. I follow up with Billy Jealously liquid Sand which is simply amazing.
I'm now a blowdrying wiz.  (Okay, not really...but much, MUCH better than what I was before.)  The slightly 'squared off' barrel allows you to catch the hair down near the roots to get lift there.  The best part, though, is that the brush does that gliding thing that my hair stylist's brush does.  You know, where the brush lifts up at the roots and then glides down the whole length of the hair section as you're drying it--and then, with a slight roll of the brush, starts right back up at the roots again.  I was never able to do that with my old brushes without it snagging and stopping.
7062	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bioelements is by far the best skin care line I have come across. I use a few of the products. Shipping was pretty quick from this seller.
However, because it is so gritty and effective, if you have sensitive skin I'd advise using this sparingly, wetting the face well before applying the scrub and scrubbing gently.  I go at it like I'm trying for a completely new face (no luck so far) and don't feel any irritation but then my husband says I am a bit insensitive.
3809	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This product really dried out my skin after a couple of uses. It may work on really oily skin but for combination/sensitive skin like mine, it didn't help me.
4798	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Soooooo clean without stripping ! The warning about not getting it in your eyes is a pertinent one. I use this 3 times a week. I've been looking for a clarifying shampoo since Fekkai DC'd theirs and found a far better one
498	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've seen Dermablend for awhile and I assumed the cover creme foundation would be too heavy, thick and suffocate pores. How wrong I was! The cover creme offers full coverage that is extremely light. Once applied, you cannot feel it as cover creme literally feels like your own skin. It's simply brilliant! A very little goes a long way, highly blendable... to prevent smearing top with a powder...  Doesn't disappear in a hot, humid area...hides light spots, dark spots, and redness... probably could provide nice coverage for a tattoo if it needed to... doesn't looked caked on... LOVE it!
8289	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful dark green.  You'll need 2 coats but its worth it.  It's an unusual color of green, one you don't see anywhere else.
7786	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well

4439	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Again this is another Vichy product that I have fallen in love with.  I have tried their micellar water and I love, love it.  This product takes off make-up like butter.  The smell is faint and dissipates quickly.  The creamy formula wipes off with no residue.  I used a tissue to take it off instead of water or a wash rag the first time.  It felt like a film over my skin so I used the wash cloth and it was fine.
Just a bit odd for me that the ingredients on the box don't match what is on the website. For example, the box states it contains Methylparaben, butylparaben and proxypaparben while the website states Methylparaben and Ethylparaben.
4661	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have been using the Juice Green Apple Peel for 5 or more years and I swear by it - If you have sensitive, acne-prone and rosacea-prone skin this peel is wonderful.  The Clear Skin kit is perfect for sampling other Juice products or having travel sized products.  I am equally in love with the cleanser finding it gentle yet treating.  I am not impressed with the moisturizer, it feels a bit sticky and irritates my sensitive skin.  I do like the blemish clearing lotion but I only apply it every other day because (again) sensitive skin!!

4663	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I found the smell of the cleanser a little off putting. This is typical of organics so it's no surprise, just a bit hard to take for me. My daughter has used it now for three days and her skin has shown a marked improvement in blemishes and in overall tone. . Neither of us cared for the moisturizer and the amount of peel included in this kit is miniscule.  Still, the cleanser and serum work well together and do offer results. If any of these items are offered separately, those are the two I would recommend.
Imagine my surprise when this little beauty arrived.  It has a great bead-blasted matte finish that looks like titanium (it is actually stainless steel, according to the packaging).  The little instruction book was tiny and impossible to follow, but who needs instructions to figure out a nail clipper, right?
3729	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product! Made my hair grow really quickly and very strong. Love it!
1375	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place. Instead of boosting his confidence, Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair.
484	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have tried several Dermablend products recently, and this cover creme is definitely my favorite thus far. I think I have finally found my perfect shade for foundation (warm beige). It adds a touch of color without looking artificial, and I don't have to waste time rubbing off excess to tone it down. You can use the included plastic stick to scrape off some foundation (a little can go a long way, but it's a work of trial and error) to place on your hand and activate by rubbing, then applying to your face.

532	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am always looking for an effective sunscreen that does double duty as a blemish cover-up.  Im impressed with the effectiveness of this Dermablend Blurring Mousse.  Its not too thick or clumpy and in my case does an excellent job of covering the age spots that have popped up without permission just under my hairline.
Easy to comb out and holds well with some flexibility
8789	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i absolutetly love this product. the smell, how quick my skin absorbs the product and the aftermath is perfect. 100% recomended
7653	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice
8873	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The BEST MAKEUP BASE I have ever used... I sprayed it on as soon as I got out of the shower and my makeup lasts ALL DAY.
I used just this water at night for a few days and got a small breakout. After switching to cleansing first and then using the water, the breakout cleared up. I have combination, acne-prone skin.

The ingredients include:  Talc, Paraffinum Liquidum/Mineral Oil/Huile Minerale, Zinc Stearate, Propylparaben
I would definitely recommend Toppik to anyone.
7020	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!!
I will be adding this cleaning soap to my daily washing regiment.  I really liked it.
Nice packaging!

9099	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Would buy again.  Like the large iron.  Worth the money (a good deal) and came recommended by our stylist.  We ordered it for a Christmas gift thru Amazon.
This product is wonderful for my sometimes-dry skin.
Allergy tested.  Paraben free.  Made in France.  Puff is enclosed.
I now use this every day and my feet feel good and look good. The ingredients in this foot cream do a super job of restoring moisure and eliminating cracked skin.

I wanted to upgrade since I knew I was going to stick with DE shaving and the Merkur Futur had my attention. As soon as I got the razor I knew I had a quality product in my hand. Around the same time I also bought a shaving kit with a stand/soap/brush and a Merkur long handle razor. The Futur makes every other razor feel and look cheap. It really is built like a tank.
4998	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	None better than L'Occitane Foot and Hand Creams!
Bottom Line:  This product doesn't claim to be a "facelift-in-a-jar" and it's not going to perform any anti-aging miracles.  It can however alleviate dull, flaky-looking skin, and a bright, glowing complexion reflects light prettily and overall gives you a more youthful appearance.  Five applications hasn't even made a dent in the jar, so 2 oz. should last quite awhile.
Around my chin area I have dark marks and this Dermablend did an excellent job covering it up (see photos). It took just the tiniest little bit to great complete coverage. After applying with the included spatula, I blended with my finger tip and then set it with a little loose powder. With the little that I used and with the size of this jar, I can see this stuff lasting at least a year.
3817	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is definitely a staple now in my face washing regimen.  It gets my face clean.  I use this with my Clarisonic Mia 2 at night to wash off my make-up and all the other stuff that has accumulated on my face throughout the day.  With that being said, a little goes a very a long way when using this with a Clarisonic since it does foam up.  I'm talking I use about the size that is half of a dime and it's able to clean my face.  Can't live without this.

5466	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have always been a fan of Sara Happ's products. I love the yummy smell/taste of this peach scrub. It makes your lips so soft. The lip slip itself is my favorite lip gloss. It will last you a long time. The lip slip smells like roses. It lasts a long time. Order it, you won't be disappointed.
Once he washed his face he applied the slightest film and I kept telling him to apply more. His first reaction was, well that's cost effective. So that being said, I've used a lot of masks myself and I noticed that this one seemed to separate and didn't look like my own masks when drying. So I decided to try it for myself using a bit more product with the same results. This definitely leaves the skin soft which is what I love in masks but I'm not sure it did much else. After a few applications I didn't notice any difference with my husbands face.
A little bit was all that I needed to make a difference


The scent is clean and light, and fades very quickly. Though the instructions say it may be used morning and night, I prefer it as a night cream because it DOES NOT CONTAIN SUNSCREEN, which we need, even in colder months/winter. I also use it at night because it sinks in (partially), but does leave a SLIGHT residue on the skin surface (this does not mean greasy, just that you can feel it on your skin). I find it gentle enough to use around and under the eye area.
5871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent

For the price, can't beat it. Give it a try, I think you will be pleased :)

So, no thank you, I would like to keep my moisture barrier.
4478	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this soap.  My skin feels great.

5173	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very rich, luxurious moisturizer. It is great for dry winter skin. I received a .5 fl oz. sample size which is quite small but I was able to try the product without spending a lot of money on a full sized product. I like the hyaluronic acid in this cream which helps with those fine lines and wrinkles.  I will use this product during the dry winter months. It made my face feel very good and looking great.

9549	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality. Love this line. Perfect for my mid-forties mild rosacea - gentle and lovely. Recommend going to a store that carries Jane Iredale product to find your color match. You can find those on the website. Then you can order whatever you like with confidence.
5808	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I will buy this product again. the color is great and it feels so good. will try other colors next time
9523	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Foremost, I have to agree that the price is pretty steep. However, do know that if one uses the proper amount (i.e., not three or four pumps), then it should last a little while. So, if you are buying this for your child, just explain how using more of this cleanser will not work any better than using the needed amount.
4784	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Repeat buyer of this stuff - I was skeptical at first, but this stuff really helps with preventing ingrown hairs after shaving.
7531	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice, creamy moisturizer which does live up to its 'rich' name, and is a good cream during the winter months. Despite being thick and moisturizing, I've had no issues using it during the day (though it doesn't have any sunscreen in it) - it helps with the dry, cold weather affecting my skin and doesn't bother my makeup at all. The only thing is this is a VERY small jar of makeup. It is lasting me a good while because this is such a creamy, potent moisturizer, but be aware that this is less than an ounce of product (that 2.4 ounces is mostly the glass jar). It's a small size so good for traveling, but not for a long-term product. Hence why it doesn't cost much. Still, this is helping with dry skin and hasn't caused any adverse reactions.
4245	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have sensitive oily skin that would love me to never shave again. However, I'm not quite ready for the 19th century mountain man look, so I have to use sensitive skin shaving and skin products, as well as change my razor blades often. Even then I get ingrown hairs every week or so. I use Anthony logistics Ingrown Hair Treatment twice a day, even when I don't have any ingrown hairs. It helps to prevent and treat the few that I get. I won't say it will completely prevent users from getting ingrown hairs, but it will make them less frequent and serious. The package is a pump dispenser, which is a little sensitive at first, so I have to be careful not to dispense too much. Right now, a can lasts a month and a half or so.
It also provides a nice shine.  It's not a goopy gloss, nor overly shiny, and it lasts for quite awhile.  It won't quite last through a meal, but it comes close.
848	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If you love the light, clean scent of roses, you will love this. The lotion consistency is perfect  not too thick and not too thin. It absorbs into the skin quickly without being sticky or too thick.
4781	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very thick conditioner with fantastic mint/menthol smell. The smell is more herbal than the shampoo and pairs nicely with the Jack Black body wash. Leave your hair feeling smooth, and tames some of the wiry hair that I have. Expensive, but worth it.
142	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping and in perfect condition!  Love OPI nail products  I'm not real crazy about the color I ordered. Color is called "Passion". I am medium skin tone and I just found this pink to be too pink and not flattering with my skin tone. I think this color would fare best on lighter and deeper skin tones.
1190	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this production, but sometimes it comes out a bit, even with the Fiberhold Spray. Definitely would recommend it for anyone with thin/thinning hair.


8566	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wear this every day. It protects your skin, gives it an even skin tone, and smooths out wrinkles. Highly recommended for guys!
3495	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great color
7847	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My Wife likes that it is a 3 in 1
4253	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	MontBlancs StarWalker mens eau de toilette is attractively packaged - as one would expect from Mont Blanc - and it has a pleasant light woody spicy scent.
8526	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very small bottle (think travel sizes) but thankfully a little goes a long way. Like other Mario Badescu products, the liquid looks thick but feels smooth and non-greasy once you rub it into your skin. The best part is that it has SPF 15, which means I can use this as sunscreen, not just moisturizer. SPF 15 is good for everyday use, when you don't expect to be exposed to a lot of heat and sunshine, but you still want something to protect your face when you go out for work or casual walks.
8946	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All Mario products are great, but this was a nice little luxury to add on top.
Toppik has completely changed my life. It's not perfect but look at it like makeup. It covers up just enough so that if you didn't tell people they wouldn't know. I have confided in 2 or 3 close friends that I started using it and asked if they saw any difference. They said "That stuff is F--- AMAZING!" If you have thinning or balding hair, scalp issues to cover up it's worth the money.

4496	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a review of La Roche-Posay Effaclar Micellar Cleansing Water for Oily Skin.
7175	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this to intensify the effect of the shampoo. Works great. Also is better packaged than shampoo, in that it isn't in glass container.

2534	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells great.  Jack Black fan for life.
It is quickly absorbed into the skin, leaving it soft and smooth.  The ingredients do an excellent job of locking in moisture.
1082	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The LOreal Dermablend Professional line of cosmetics is new to me.  They earn being in a higher-end category in my opinion. They do not seem to be scented or too chemical. The jars, tubes, compacts are made very sturdy to last along with your make-ups. I have many favorites among them, yet I believe they all stand very well on their own. Some two or more of these creamy products come with an application spatula, and this appears to be an optional extra.  Also, there is a little instruction leaflet included with every product.

6380	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice gentle product, that still foams(a lot of gentle cleansers I've used don't) good light scent, and it doesn't leave my skin feeling stripped.
There was no pore refinement, nor reduction in the appearance of fine lines
6627	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Super refreshing to use when my face is feeling tight and dry without having to go through the whole rigamarole of going through the whole skincare regiment.
The scent was created my Maurice Roucel -DKNY Be Delicious, Gucci Envy, Lolita Lempika and some Bond No9 and Frederic Malle scents are also his creations.
I have been using this for over a five years, I was lucky my sister shared it with me.
1821	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was looking for this color for a while. I used to get L'Oreal Spice Things Up but had a hard time finding it. This is almost an exact match.  Perfect, almost a brick red, some would call terracotta. Nice shine as well. Great to wear to a professional office, or even out and about, as it is not a super red. Has the same impact as red, but just a twist.
7006	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This kit works well for me, but it's worth noting that I think that's partly because salicylic acid in general works well for me. Some people don't do well at all with that and end up always using benzoyle peroxide and that kind of thing. On one hand, that means this is gentler and won't likely cause more acne due to irritation. On the other hand, if you need really strong stuff, this may not do the job very well.
2274	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	There's not a lot to say about a body wash. This one smells particularly nice and feels gentle and like it's easy to wash off completely.
Biolage used to be my favorite shampoo and conditioner until I got the abba Moisture shampoo and conditioner. Especially for normal or fine hair, if you use the shampoo and conditioner, your hair will come out like silk and lay perfect (with no weighed down residue feeling) after a blow dry!

2955	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This stuff is pretty hardcore...I think it's some of the most abrasive exfoliant that I've come across in recent memory. Using it gently and no more than twice a week, it works well, but any more and it may be too rough on pretty much any skin type. Just be prepared to spend a little extra time getting rid of the grit that this leaves behind, because the scrub is dense with
Sometimes I use a setting powder, sometimes not.
Toppik is now a must-have product for me so I started looking for a better bargain and found it here.  I get almost more than twice the product for only a few $ more.
3597	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, Love this product! Works great-put it on at night & in the morning-vola!

1485	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I bought the color Prim and it's a beautiful steel blue color. The formula isn't too thick or thin, glides on the nail smoothly, and is opaque in 1 coat. I can't describe how easily it glides on the nail. But I have to give it 4 stars though since thick coats can pool a bit and is prone to brush strokes so if you want it perfect you might have to be a bit more careful with application. It's a fantastic nail polish though and absolutely beautiful addition to my nail polish collection.


I am returning this, and would not purchase this again. I also don't like the vendors return policy of return within 7 days of purchase, less restocking fee. The return time expires before the product is received, Ridiculous.
Recommended. prisrob 08-22-12
Update: I was getting ready to purchase a refill for my compact and ended up thinking 35.00 (lowest price on Amazon) was just alittle pricey. The pressed powder seem to not last me very long :( Starting to look around for something else. I ended up buying Milani Multitasking face powder in the color Light Tan and LOVE it. I did half my face with Jane Iredale and the other with Milani. Milani won hands down. Better matte coverage and much better lasting power. Best part was the color was the SAME and I spent a total of 5.00 for two compacts!
9803	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't have sensitive skin, but opted for this over the green or red thinking that a sensitive skin product would feel all the better. I just completed my first shave and came away loving it. The thick/stiff cream in the container loaded up very easily into my brush after squeezing out excess water. A little goes a long way, I loaded the tip and was able to get coverage 3 times over my face and neck with a single load. A nice slick lather was produced - I have never felt a razor glide so effortlessly over my skin. After shaving i noticed that my skin started to tingle. It felt like menthol. This might bother some but I loved it.
Natural Finish

day 2-applied morning at night again. stung a bit more and turned red. again kept my daily skin routine

My daily regimen is to first wash my face with cetaphil, a gentle cleanser.  Then I proceed with cleaning my face with a cotton round and a few shakes of this product .. I squeeze out the excess before commencing to wipe down my face, flip the pad and repeat.. then I toss it out, and rinse my face with plain water, as I don't like the cleanser on my face even (though I've left it on before with no issues other than a tight sensation). It's just don't like how my lips taste (a bit bitter), and I prefer to have absolutely nothing on my face before hitting the sack.
The toner...I'm still not sold on exactly what toner does. Close the pores? Restore pH balance? Anyway, this toner smells like medicine (think VapoRub) and I can't tell a difference when I use it or skip it.
3367	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This review is for Russian Navy. Nice color, but when you remove it, it's a real mess, it makes it look like you have dirty hands and nails, the stuff gets under your nails and you have a big mess, discolors your natural nails too. Awful! I have it away from my other polishes to be sure I don't use it again. I had to refile my nails and tried very hard to get the staining off, I wanted to cry. I use a base coat too so this isn't the case. I love opi, but they can keep this, not sure what there doing, I hope it's just this color and they haven't changed the formula, I do not recommend this unless you want dirty looking nails and hands upon removal
3499	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got my nails painted this color at my local nail spa and loved it so much I ordered it! I put it on my nails the day it came in the mail and was wonderful as expected! Came super fast and was super affordable for such a great quality brand and how large the bottle is and the bottle came very full.


3727	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have super sensitive, rosacea prone skin and this is the ONLY toner that I have found that cleans my face but doesn't irritate or dry it out.
9133	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	not for me. break me out so bad!!!!
257	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I had such high hopes for OPI's Infinite Shine, but it is just not a good product. I ordered the primer and top coat, plus two colors--You Can Count on It and Can't Be Beet!. The consistency of the pink, You Can Count on It, was awful--streaky and gloppy; it left brush marks that refused to smooth out after application. I let the first coat dry very well before applying the second coat, but it, too, left brush marks. Can't Be Beet, a dark, rich red, was better, but not great. The pink (primer, 2 ccolor coats, and a top coat, began chipping the very next day. What a disappointment! I will stick to OPI Gelcolor.
4753	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Jack Black's Thickening Shampoo is supposed to be unscented but it does have a mild scent of basil and citrus. The scent isn't something that I noticed immediately, I had to pause to try to identify the components.  Overall, it's subtler than most shampoos for men and it's an expensive tasteful scent.
2456	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After reading many reviews and trying out 2 other highly reviewed and value-priced hairdryers, I settled on this BaByliss. The other dryers just didn't get hot enough. This dryer is very quiet but has a stong air flow and the high heat temperature is hot, but not so much that it burns the scalp (I use the concentrator nozzle).  I was worried about the weight, since so many others said it was too heavy. Yes, its heavier than most dryers at this price point, but I haven't had a problem with my arms getting tired even after the 20-25 minutes it takes to dry my hair (I do exercise with weights regularly though). I actually weighed it out of curiosity and it's only 1 lb 11 oz. For those looking to spend less than $35 on a hairdryer with a salon-level high heat temperature, this BaByliss what you need!
1602	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT!!! I will use this seller again.
7516	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So what's interesting about this is that my daughter and I had two very different experiences. I'm 38, she's 13. When I tried it I was very happy with how quickly the treatment helped my acne to go away quicker than it usually does. She tried it on a few of her pimples and she said it just dried them out but didn't make them go away - that her acne, she felt, looked worse.
3671	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	received with thanks

258	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I had such high hopes for OPI's Infinite Shine, but it is just not a good product.  I ordered the primer and top coat, plus two colors--You Can Count on It and Can't Be Beet!.  The consistency of the pink, You Can Count on It, was awful--streaky and gloppy; it left brush marks that refused to smooth out after application.  I let the first coat dry very well before applying the second coat, but it, too, left brush marks. Can't Be Beet, a dark, rich red, was better, but not great.  The pink (primer, 2 ccolor coats, and a top coat, began chipping the very next day.  What a disappointment!  I will stick to OPI Gelcolor.
I like it a lot, I use the conditioner too. I might not go back to force vector, because this stuff is quite awesome.
3438	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color!!
8641	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a modest portion of body lotion which touts a variety of beneficial natural ingredients. I'm rating it based on usability and effectiveness as well as consider value. First, I will address effectiveness and say that I found this to be a better than average cream for dry, scaly skin (especially hands). It softened well and made my hands feel smooth for a longer period of time than other consumer-grade lotions like Lubriderm. It didn't function as well as some prescription lotions, but it is more accessible.

So reasonable too for how effective it is!
7156	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The smell of this shampoo (and body wash) is intoxicating; woodsy and masculine (I'm a lady and love it). I dislike the sickening sweet smell of fruit and flowers from most other shampoos.  This product smells like a dense forest.
3466	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Color is a tad darker than I expected, but still nice a bright.  Glides on easily and doesn't chip excessively.
6459	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Serum comes out weird like a gel, but I actually really like it that way. I hate how watery serums are, but this goes on really smooth and leaves my skin soft. Also doesn't irritate my skin, which is a must.
5753	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is just a terrific product which doesn't feel like the typical "product" (i.e. hair gel) at all.  Using just a light touch with it and combing it into wet hair directly after showering, I found it provided a light but useful hold without even a hint of the shiny, plasticky feel of other gels.  This pomade provided a completely natural, plain-hair look and a soft, natural hair-feeling hold, far preferable to the sticky or over-rigid feel of more aggressive products.  Recommended.
3533	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Light weight on hair and lovely shine. 1 or two squirts is all you need.
507	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This foundation is different from liquid, powder or combination foundation products I have used in the past.  This product is dense and can provide a light or heavy coverage as desired.
This is a review for a "handy" or medium sized Mason Pearson brush made of six rings of mixed boar bristle and nylon. The longer bristles are nylon and the shorter ones are boar bristle. It is a beautiful heirloom brush worth every penny of the incredibly high price.
7882	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like it work great on hair  make it look fuller great
6768	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Borghese products are so Italian.  They make you feel clean, beautiful, and pamperer.  I like to have fun when I shower and wash my hair.  I also don't like to use the same products all the time.  Usually, I like the basic&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dove-Beauty-Bar-White-4-25-Ounce-Bars-in-14-Count-Packages-Pack-of-2/dp/B001ECQ4HQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dove Beauty Bar, White, 4.25-Ounce Bars in 14-Count Packages (Pack of 2)</a>&nbsp;but sometimes I want to use something different.  That's when I use Borghese's Bagno di Vita Shower Gel.  It has a wonderful herbal smell that reminds me of autumn.  It works great as a cleanser and leaves you smelling fresh.  It is gentle on the skin and foams up nicely.  I highly recommend it.
1737	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect red for me.
1588	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
6224	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for the control of  Rosacea.  Much cheaper than I usually pay for this product and it works every bit as good as the product I was buying straight from the Pevonia site.
5257	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You will be hard to find a better neck and decollate cream.  Have used for 5 years and I think it is a great product


3402	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another great color from opi, girl friend loves it.
3116	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As a freelance makeup artist I've tried quite a few makeup brush cleansers. This one has become my all time favorite! I will definitely repurchase.
5666	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product I like it.  Great product I like it. Great product I like it. Great product I like it. But I do not like having to write extra words on this post!


I am so excited about this product and hope that everyone suffering from adult acne will give it a shot! I know everyone's skin is different, and what worked for me may not work for everyone. However, this product will help exfoliate and cleanse the dirt and grime away from your skin no matter what. So, it definitely won't hurt to try, and it's a great value as well. I am definitely singing the praises of my new found go-to product for acne and wrinkles!
2345	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was expecting something...better. For the price and the hype I thought it would leave my lips super moisturized, maybe looking healthier, more plump. Nothing! It was heavy and sticky.
Although I love this pressed powder, it is for oily skin and best if used during the summer! The loose powder is for dry skin FYI and I have dry skin but in the summer I have combo skin. I returned the pressed powder cuz I couldn't use it all year round and still sticking to B.E. (since 07) and my skin tone fluctuates btwn winter/summer so having one color just doesn't cut it. I have so much makeup it's ridiculous!

4064	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	First, thanks to reviewer Nicole.  I didn't understand what this product was until I read her review.
4671	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This shampoo is SO  hydrating, you may not feel the need for conditioner after using it.  My hair tends to be on the dry side and I've found this shampoo REALLY helps.  My hair is soft and smooth using this product.
57	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I couldn't believe I found this for such a good price. I was a little skeptical about buying cologne online but this made me a believer. My hubbie has had it for about 6 months now and it still smells great on him. It's not watered down at all and is a quality product at a reasonable price. I will be ordering more soon.
1531	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Zoya's polishes!  I first tried them a year ago and since then they've won me over with their consistent, easy to apply formulas and wide range of colors and finishes.  If you love blue-green polishes and subtle shimmer, Selene is a beautiful polish.  It's a pretty teal with a micronized metallic pearl finish.  If you're looking for an ocean/water inspired polish, especially for a pedicure for the beach, this is perfect.
271	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous color and the classic OPI formula.  Wore it on my toes chip-free for 2 weeks!
839	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All is ok Thanks
143	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used a Revlon color called Putty years ago and I have looked and looked for a similar color. I finally found it in the OPI Tickle My France-y. The color looks great on short nails but looks very stylish on long or short. I am using all OPI products and I can wear the nail polish without chips for a week without any problems.  OPI is a little prciey but it is well worth it.
6552	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this line of products.  Use it daily!

2061	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun shade of bright pink. I use this in combination with Kissy and wow it makes my nails very pretty and my kids really notice .

6083	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this product - really love it - I swear I look 10 years younger.  Am 50 and was getting some fine lines - when I wake up my eyes look like I am 20!
8643	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife and I love this stuff. Our skin drinks this stuff up like milk. Goes on easy and disappears quickly. Our skin feels silky smooth after shower and using this formula. Smells clean and is not greasy. Love this stuff.

4894	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product.  Have used on a daily basis.  Looks natural and blends well to skin tone.
1424	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the cooling soothing affect that this products has after I shave. Nice lemon scent too... Yes i will repurchase.
I easily apply this by squirting a bit of this on a cotton ball and running it over my entire face.  I have combo skin type; dry in some places, but greasy in the T zone. This greatly improves my greasy areas while comfortably cleansing my dry areas. My skin feels fresh and not tight after using this. I have been using it for about a week now and I am happy with the results so far. I only use it once, at night, but because my skin doesn't seem to be drying out, I think I will also start using it in the morning when I wash my face. I'm excited to keep using this for hopefully continued god results.
3048	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	the best cleanser I have ever had
2800	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was surprised by how small this clipper is. The package looks like it houses a small flash drive - but even thinner than a flash drive. The clipper is flat and comes with a leather sheath to protect it when not in use. It's a very good looking (brushed stainless steel), sturdy clipper for the small size.

To get the best control over where the fibers go, it's best to hold the can as close to the head as possible and ever so lightly aggitate the can to shake just enough and where you want it. There is no reason to hold it high above the head - in fact, if you do, fiber will go every which way and may go where its not needed. They make a special applicator for the can to "spray" the fiber, but I find it more efficient to just apply keeping the regular can shaker top close to the head. For the front close to the hairline, it's best to apply back away from the hairline at first and let the fibers naturally fall forward as needed. If you apply too close to the hairline, it may look too fake. You can always come a bit closer and apply.
7332	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	All three products work as described.  The cleaner is gentle, the lotion is not greasy or sticky and the toner is refreshing.  The standout is the toner, which makes my skin feel REALLY good.  While the other 2 products work well, they are pricey and perform about as well as similar, less costly products (which is why I deduct a star.)
9410	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been trying to use liquid eyeliner for a few years now and it's really hard to find one that doesn't rub off or irritate my eyes. I love how clean the liner looks especially for wing tips so I was excited to try this eyeliner out because I'm a huge fan of La Roche-Posay products.
3437	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love purple polish
8076	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I didn't like this product at ALL.  It clumped when I put it on.  I will never buy it again.
Overall I would still recommend this product for its antioxident properties.  It goes on easily and is non-irritating, even with my very sensitive skin.
2127	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have tasted this toothpaste and will never go back again to the regular ones! Tastes amazing and leaves you feeling cleaner than ever
7121	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Tried this after becoming very disappointed with the AOS (art of shaving) shaving cream line. This wasn't the solution. Ingredient list has all the right stuff, but I find the lather to be extremely weak. Very very small layer of protection even when I use a generous amount of cream. Can't even use my badger brush and a bowl to bring a healthy lather, just won't work. Experimented with proper amounts of water several times to see if I could find the right consistency, but could never find it. I would amount this to being the shaving cream. I will continue my search as this product just wasn't for me. The art of shaving provides a better leather, but is very drying. This product makes canned gillette creams look like the "cream of the crop".

3163	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't believe you can get a much closer, more comfortable shave than with the Merkur razor blade.  I use a Merkur razor and wouldn't use any other blade.
3927	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The best feature of this body wash is the lovely scent, which is intense enough to enjoy while you wash and lingers very little after the shower. (I'm sure you could layer with other La Source product if you want lasting smell, but I don't expect a wash to leave me perfumed.) This is a fresh, oceanic scent, and while I usually gravitate towards light fruity and floral scents I do like it quite a bit. I associate Crabtree & Evelyn with feminine scents (except for their men's line,) but this scent and packaging could pass as gender neutral in my opinion.
Pros:
5397	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it

2. Really pleasing texture. Light grit, just enough to scrub, and a great foaming quality -- not enough to be soapy, just enough to really clean your mouth.
6219	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm on my third tube of this and absolutely have noticed a huge difference. This cream removes all the dead ,dry skin and promotes new cell turnover leaving my skin smooth.it does bring out a brightening effect,I don't find that I need to use any makeup except mascara and lipstick. This has really delivered what it says. Provides plenty of moisture to my 40 plus skin.
6736	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have thick wavy hair and this iron works great for me. It gets really hot and does a wonderful job of smoothing out my waves and adding nice soft curl to my hair. I was on the fence about whether to purchase this product or the Chi brand curling iron. I love my Chi flat iron and was worried I would not get similar results with this brand. I'm so very glad I went with the Hot Tools brand. The price is significantly cheaper but the results are equal.
5247	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nectifirm smooths the skin on the neck and chest  It helps to reduce the horizontal lines and bumpy skin which comes with sun damage and aging.  It's a much more effective than the more expensive creams from the department stores.
777	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If you're accustomed to creams, lotions, and powders, this interesting microwater foundation formula -- the company calls it "Water Canvas" -- will surprise you. It's spongy and springy -- if you can imagine that mermaids have some little sea creature they use to even out their skin tones, this could be it.
As the skin tolerates this well and there is a good result, I will incorporate this Green Apple Peel into my facial skin care regimen and I plan to continue using this after this initial sample is done.  I am pleased with this product, no complaints.
8157	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Personally I don't find that this gives lasting moisture to my lips. And as a lip butter you'd think it would more so than a regular balm. However I do enjoy it when it is on my lips, it smells great, but this is just doesn't do it what it is supposed to. I didn't give it one star because it isn't horrible.
Since this is a product designed for men I asked my husband to try it. I wasn't sure how this would go over since he is strictly a haircut and bar soap kind of guy. He tried it and loved it. He wrangled ownership of this tube so I was forced to buy my own.
The cream comes with a little paddle which you use to dip a dollop of the make-up onto your hand to warm it. Just straight from the jar, no warming, the make-up is rather thick and waxy.
4816	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
I did use this over an eyelid primer.  I think that helped in a couple of ways.  First, it helped the gold color stay in place.  Second, it provided a nice, solid base to allow the color to really show.  I had to build this product up with a couple of coats to be able to see it.  But it ended up looking pretty nice.  And it didn't irritate my eyes during the time I was wearing it (I have somewhat sensitive eyes and wear contact lenses, so this is a real concern for me).
Over the years I've found this to be true with virtually all his tools of trade and recently bought him a pair of $700 Kamisori shears for $265 with free shipping to boot. As for the flat iron it arrived in it's sealed retail packaging and again with a Prime membership you get free two day shipping to boot.


The glass container, usually a throw away in items like this, is really special. I very much want to keep it for household use after the candle is done.  Pretty with an artisan flair.

7778	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Only thing my poor acne prone teen uses that doesn't irritate his skin. A little bit goes a long way.
Highly recommended for fair-skinned, lighter-haired people.


3271	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
1487	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The only polish I can wear that doesn't chip off in 2 days.  It is organic, so that must be the difference.

I've found the rose hip nourishing oil does redden my face right after use, but it does go away and the moisturizer with the spf stings a bit but it's getting better the more I use it and my skin clears.
7940	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Makes the spot you are covering look dry and dull.  Not a natural look. I will not buy this again.
Lightweight
413	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As with other Dermablend covers that I have tried, a very, very little of the product goes a very, very long way. The instructions recommend that you put a spot of it on the back of your hand and work the product to warm and loosen it; I think this is very good advice as the product really sticks to the first spot you put it on (including the back of your hand). The cover is 100% and still let's your skin look like skin. It is also water-proof, sweat-proof and practically soap-proof. It's really hard to get it off of skin (especially the back of your hand). Both the Reddish Tan and Toasted Brown can be used as a dark contour, even if your skin is pretty dark. I love how the Reddish Tan looks like dark suntan. There is no scent and I haven't had any breakouts or skin sensitivity, although I tend to have pretty tough skin and don't usually have any problems.
729	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best fiber-hold spray out there.
Now, it's difficult to make a good review by using it just one day but I had to tell someone that my skin certainly does feel better.  But, I am going to use up this bottle and if my skin still feels moisturized and itch-free, I'll stand by this review.  If not, I'm going to come back and tell you it's not as fantastic as I thought.  But right now I am going to go back and see what other products are made by BADESCU as this was my first experience with one of their products and I am impressed.  I won't be surprised if I never have to come back and tell you anything other than what I said above....it worked today and I am happy.

4488	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a big fan of La Roche-Posay's Effaclar line. It helps me manage my monthly hormonal acne. I didn't need another micellar cleansing water ( I already have Bioderma, Simple and La Mer) but I figured that I would give this one a try.

5503	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	See above
3964	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin that is prone to acne and this did not cause any aggravation. This is my first setting powder, so I do not have any other experience to compare it to, but it worked as intended. I am a novice when it comes to the application of makeup, but had no hard time using this product. It lasted the entire day.
I put it on last night and woke up with a really nice glow!  I actually look like I got a little sun yesterday!  I haven't tried it on my face yet.  I didn't want to put it on my face and have it be too dark or anything but given the subtle change, I will definitely give it a go.
9379	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	It chip My wife nails in a day. If you have a nail gel nail dryer? Then stick with or go with the gel nail polish. It last longer than this stuff.
Love that it's made from organic ingredients.

9025	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this mousse.  It makes my hair more voluminous and gives it some added thickness.  I can definitely tell the difference when I use it.  It adds tons of body and a nice amount of hold so that when I use the curling iron my waves stay in place for several days.  I'm pretty generous with the amount I use because my hair is hard to hold so I need the extra oomph and control.  I then let my hair air dry overnight.  In the morning it's a little stiff but it brushes right out and once I've done the waves, it has plenty of bounce.  I finish with Bumble and Bumble Thickening Creme Contour, which adds a little bit of hold but also some additional thickness and separation.  The two products together are awesome and my hair has never looked better.  I don't even need to recurl it on the 2nd or 3rd day because it stays in place so well.  I've tried other thickening mousse formulas but always come back to this one.  It gives my hair some added heft and dimension and the volume is terrific.  Who could ask for more?  This is an awesome product and great for fine hair.  If you're looking for a product with a thickening effect, then you can't do better than this one.  I definitely recommend it for all hair types.




2010	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I saw this color and it looked beautiful, a very orange coral type color!!! But once you put it on it's like matte.... In a bad way ! It doesn't have the shine and beauty as other Essie nail polish have!! Very dissapointed

A really excellent product!

Not just disappointed with this...upset!
STAYING POWER

6009	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this brand and this Tiber is amazing. I have dry skin and this doesn't dry out my skin!
I honestly have seen a dramatic difference since using this cream. It also does not burn or sting my eyes like many eye creams do. I can't tell you how many times I would wear eye creams and the slightest bit would get into my eyes and cause them to get all puffy, red and watery making them worse then they did before. I also like how I can wear the cream 2 times a day. I LOVE this since I feel like I am working at my problems double time and I like the way it feels under my eyes.
9712	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This skin cream has light texture and is non-greasy and noncomedogenic (doesn't block the pores). It has a pleasant scent, though burns lightly when I apply it to my face.

1361	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My stylist told me about Toppik when she noticed how thin my hair was getting to be. She purchased the 0.36oz/10.3g for me from the local beauty supply. Even with her discount it was almost $25. But I really liked how Toppik camouflages my thin spots. Only a couple of people have noticed that there is something different with my hair. Only one person realized what the difference was, and only because she'd also used Toppik.
3017	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is awesome. I have been using it for myself and also for my newborn baby. If you or your baby have a sensitive skin this is the product to get. I'm using many product of that brand for myself and and my baby and I always been satisfied.


I have tried every kind of antiperspirant/deodorant you can image and I have never been happy with my choice. The natural ones left me too stinky and sweaty. The harsher brands would irritate me and leave me smelling like the Jersey Shore. I even tried one that was as hard as a rock and never wore out, but it gave me a fungal thing.. I have never found something that I was happy with until now.
9318	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I liked the way this works because my sensitive teeth didn't hurt after using it.  Also, the color of white my teeth obtained was natural instead of the super blinding white you see coming from a dental office.  If you like the natural look you'll love this product when used with the toothpaste set.

9514	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I just started using this product about two weeks ago so I can't speak to the long-term results.  I will update this review when the bottle is empty and address that issue.  So far, I don't see a huge impact on my undereye circles.  What I can say is that the eye cream is very soothing to my 47-year-old skin.  It absorbs quickly and one pump does the entire eye area on both eyes.  I have sensitive eyes but this cream has not made me itchy or irritated.  The only negative I have is the odd fragrance, which is not perfumey but not as fresh smelling as you might expect something labeled "green apple" to be.


1387	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  It gives me so much confidence when I go out in public.  It covers thinning areas very well.  I would recommend this to anyone who is thinning and can not pay for a hair transplant.




Light, no strong fragrance
This fragrance is truly delectable with a softly scented melange of fruit and musky vanillas that really smells delicious and not like a fruit cake that so often is the result of perfumers going on a sugar coated overload. The scent is almost an aphrodisiac, a meteor shower raining down the inky sky with fluorescent flavors. This is my favorite new fragrance along with Estee Lauder's Beyond Paradise and I wear it from morning after my shower until the stars spear the sky and I lull myself to sleep. It's breathtakingly beautiful and so fragrant that my nose might never get over it, no wonder this perfume is so hard to find!
9268	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A really nice deep color, somewhere between dark grey and dark brown. I love it. Applies easily, dries quickly and lasts a few days,
962	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This 2-inch iron is ENORMOUS, as compared to other irons/wands. I was hoping it would work great for either huge curls, loose wave/curves, or for adding body to the very top of my head. It didn't work for any of those for me bc I think it's just too big to make anything really happen with the hair other than sort of straighten/iron it with a very slight curve. My hair is down to my waist too, so I did have plenty of length to try it on...but it just didn't work at all for me. Bummer, bc it looked so fun/cool to do different things!
- Upon application, the moisturizer leaves the skin with a dewiness that generates a brighter appearance, but never oily or greasy.
1. Only need to use a small amount, which should make the very small bottle last longer
3834	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow - reviews are right.  This stuff is amazing and helped to clear my acne.
902	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's water.  Elegantly packaged spray-on water.  Makes my face feel good.  But due to the Amazon Vine program I didn't have to pay $12.99 for 5.2 ounces of water.  Sure it has minerals but so does my tap water and I could even add some trace mineral concentrate to tap water and put it in a $3.00 reusable sprayer.

4029	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like that what this line of products does for my skin, especially during this really dry fall, when my skin is super-dry and flaky (yeah, it's a lovely time of year). So many products are either geared towards the younger crowd and have harsh ingredients (to tame oily skin) or towards the olders and filled with acids to (supposedly) get rid of wrinkles. My skin is so sensitive, I need just a gentle cleanser with a simple toner and this is perfect. I like this bottle, too, because it's pump action. Easy to get the perfect amount out.
3706	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've always used budget drugstore cleanser and didn't have high expectations for this but was pleasantly surprised. I do wish there was a pump because everytime I'm careful and still pour out more than I need. At this price point I don't want to be wasting product. The scent is really nice, smells spa-y and clean and fresh without being overpowering; it definitely is a scent for everyone. The cleanser itself is clear and very silky smooth, it felt really great and gentle on my skin. It doesn't have a foamy soapy lather but it doesn't need it. Even though it felt silky while washing my face and I thought it might leave a residue, it didn't leave any and completely rinsed all away. It made my skin feel amazing. Nice and clean and not overly dry or tight. I actually felt nourishing for my skin. The bottle claims to remove makeup but I didn't find that to be the case with eye makeup, so I still use an eye makeup remove then follow with this. I wasn't expecting it but after a week of use I actually felt like I've noticed a brighter complexion! Time will tell if it continues to outperform my budget cleanser but so far I'm very pleased with the nourishing and gentle results!
1950	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Essie because of it's staying power. It lasts for more than one week and this color was rockin'. I received many compliments on the color.
7606	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used neck products from Georgette Klinger from the time I was 30 and my neck shows it. Unfortunately, Klinger's firm was eaten alive and this is, as yet, the best neck product to come along. My neck looks 15 years younger than other's women my age. I am hoping this product gives me a few more good years!
5642	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Been using this for years to hide my scalp spots.  Works great!

8089	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I'm in my early 30's and have a receding hairline. You ever sleep with hairspray on your hair and to wake up next morning with linty hair? That's exactly how I would describe the texture when you use this on your hair. I purchased color black with the pump sprayer, pick/comb, and their hairspray. I accidently sprayed the toppik powder onto my scalp and noticed the toppik color was more like dark purple. It takes a while to perfect the use of the pump to get the right amount of Toppik sprayed only onto the hair. No matter how perfect your results come out, up real close you can notice something different and I'm sure under the direct sunlight it's probably 10X more noticeable. Toppik claims that people can't even notice 2 inches away, that's bull. This is definitely a better product than Couvre the scalp concealer. Toppik hairspray is like any other strong hold hairspray, absolutely nothing advanced or special about it. The comb is a piece of crap, made out of cheap paper/plastic not even worth a quarter! Go to a dollar store and find yourself a better comb. Toppik comes off easily so avoid moisture even your sweat, wind, and any objects & elements disrupting the do. The money and the time you have to spend to get a half decent look in my honest opinion is not worth it. I rather deal with a wearing a hat then worrying about an embarrassing toppik malfunction. Maybe if you're in your 60's and not as concerned about the natural look then more power to you, but I still think people are over paying for a product that doesn't promise what they claim. I'm currently trying a product called NuHair. I'm taking the vitamin and using their hair serum. I'm only on the second month and hoping to see some results within the next few months. There are no cheap quick fixes that lasts forever so I'm going to commit to this NuHair program for 5-6 months and hope for the best. Figure hair transplant takes up to 6 months anyways so might as well give the natural method a 6 month commitment. If the natural way fails then Rogaine is a possibility and then hair transplant. Bottom line, my girlfriend thinks I wasted my money on this product (toppik) and I'm going to have to agree with her on this. Hope you guys learn from my mistake. If you guys know of any good hair transplant doctors in the bay area CA let me know. Good luck fellas.

2488	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice dark color
1132	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The smell of this product smells like burnt almonds.
1242	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Slightly purple/off color in some lighting. Sticks better than Caboki but the color made me stop buying it.

12/14/2015 UPDATE - Just a little observation: I've heard it before and then experienced it myself: this soap only works well in soft water. For a while my water softener was not working (due to a "salt bridge", resolved now) and I couldn't even use Proraso - it deflated after applying to face and was no good by second pass. I found that the Tabac stick works best for that. But after my soft water returned I tried it again yesterday and it was great. BTW, if you have hard water, you can just try using distilled water to lather your soap, that should work, can't get any softer than distilled :) Also need to make sure there's not too much water in the lather.
7099	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband really needs to take care of the hair he has left.  And he needs to make the most it as well.  So anything that can give a fuller look, clean with quality ingredients and not give him dandelion head is a real find.  To that end, this Jack Black shampoo is the best shampoo he has ever used.  Not only is the smell is terrific but it really does give his hair a thicker look without the fly away dangers involved with really clean but thinning hair.  He absolutely loves it.
If you have hair that's not fine and have softer water then this might be a shampoo you'd like but it just wasn't for me.
139	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is so pretty, even on my skin tone, which is super duper pale. Be aware though: It takes like 5 coats to get a really opaque look.
Excellent product that works so much better with the spray applicator.
6037	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this mask for years and will never stop! It leaves your skin feeling and looking plump and hydrated.  I use it 3 days a week switching off on the days I exfoliate.  Mario Badescu products are amazing and affordability priced. It's easy to know what products will work for your skin type because of the 'code' D for dry S for senstive N for normal and C for combination.  You get the jist. Great products!
2451	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really did feel relief from dry itchy scalp due to frequent hair coloring.  This was my 2nd bottle.  Will continue to purchase so
From my husband's perspective since it is a shampoo for the Men:


4012	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive skin and recently got a bad case of wind burn on my face from my walking program.  This is the only cleanser gentle enough to not irritate my already inflamed skin. It is mild but leaves me with a clean (not dry) face. I use it on a cotton round and it seems to be calming while cleansing.


When applied as I outlined, I found that it did last an entire day set with Guerlain meteorites, although a bit of settling once in a while in small spots.
My only negative comment would be that the portions were a little small considering the price.
4103	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this shampoo it works without the purple coloring.  So if your gray is only a little yellow by all means go for it.
8469	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	We've been using this for several weeks, almost every day. Great skin care product as it cleanses without being harsh and leaves the skin feeling hydrated and smooth. Good for combination skin for young adults and middle aged faces
1946	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great summer polish for toes and fingers, but I mostly wear it on my toes...it's a great shade of pink that doesn't clash with anything else you might be wearing and Essie pretty much won't chip (at least on your toes) for at least a week.  Great great color!

8361	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this brand and this Tiber is amazing. I have dry skin and this doesn't dry out my skin!
799	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent for face.

9089	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best curling iron I have used, ever.  I loved my old curling iron, but this one has a much longer cord and a swivel end so that the cord doesn't tangle/curl up. I keep the setting on low (as everyone mentioned, it's very hot) and have not had any problem with burning my hair.  Great value.
1625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	beautiful true red color, amazing for toes. stays on forever. opaque in 2 coats, cream. has a glossy finish. one of the best reds I've ever found
The herbal toner: The toner comes in a squeeze bottle with a flip top cap. The scent is a light herbal. It is a thin, clear liquid that is easily applied using a cotton ball or pad. Since my wife keeps a good stock of cotton cosmetic pads in our bathroom, I used those. Scrubbing these around my face seemed to remove a good amount of dead skin cells and other debris that the wash didn't take off.
4664	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The perfect kit to address all the concerns of acne prone skin-- it helps fight my oily skin in my T zone and the dryness I have on my cheeks. The smell is great too!
3564	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just received this product and already in love! I washed my face with it before bed and already seen results the next morning. Zits I had already seem to be healing. Impressive so far. I didn't need a lot of product to lather my face either which is nice. (Used my clarisonic Mia) the product also did not dry out my skin. I'm looking forward to buying more Mario badescu products and can't wait to see my skins progress! I would recommend. (I have oily/combo/ sensitive/ acne prone skin)
9001	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great barrel size
6981	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When I think of free radicals, I think of people waving signs in the street, protesting this or that government decision. But there is another kind of free radical. This kind of free radical is related to an atom or molecule that "has a single unpaired electron in an outer shell." (Thank you, Wikipedia!) I don't pretend to understand them, but I don't have to. The makers of Juice Beauty Green Apple Age Defy Serum do and they know that free radicals should be reduced when possible. This product reduces free radical aging in skin cells and can help your skin feel and, hopefully, with time, look younger.
3122	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	It probably does what it says, but man it burns my skin while it's on. Says leave on for 5-10 minutes, but at 5 minutes I have to wash it off. Does really degrease the skin, like it says. But I'm sure there are other products that do so without the burn
8625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has been my go to cleanser for over a year, and It works great for my combination skin. At the moment I'm using the Combination Code facial cleanser, which I'm also having great results with. Would recommend either product for combination to oily skin.


Ingredients are as follows:
Based on his feed back Hot Tools are a top choice for professionals for a couple of reasons:
94	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Part of the new 2016 summer colors. Another great nude for a fast, fresh home manicure. Love it.
2151	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My very picky husband loves this shave cream, prefers this green label product to their red label product for the scent.
905	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really love this Thermal Water! It feels best as soon as I wake up I spray onto my face and my face just feels so great. I also can spray throughout the day and spray onto a cotton piece and use for a final sweep after removing my makeup with my cleanser. There is so many uses for this water and it can even be sprayed over makeup ( and doesn't disturb the way my makeup looks or as set )
I like the texture and thought this applied smoothly and without leaving a residue, though it did take a moment or two to fully dry.  You don't need a whole lot to get full coverage of your face and neck, either, so one bottle should last a long time.
5923	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff does not chip!!!  It's a beautiful pearly blue that's easy to put on and stays on - love it!
3007	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This La Roche-Posay body lotion is on the runnier side compared to the Aveeno that we usually have in the house, but I like how it also goes on and dries very quickly.  Once it dries, my hands feel normal again, but I don't feel any sort of lotion residue or scent, which is perfect for me.  The only reason that I'm docking one star is that it is really expensive, but it might be worth the cost for me.
556	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ultimate coverage.  Even though this powder is a darker shade than my skin tone, it blended well with a finishing powder a lighter shade and still kept all of the foundation coverage.
As a toner, I really like this - it doesn't have a strong, identifiable fragrance at all, it goes on smoothly, and it feels nice. After applying it, my skin feels good - not dry, and definitely not oily.
Elemis pro collagen serum is way better I would have to say.
5158	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like many other moisturizer products I've tried, I wasn't expecting this to actually do what it says it's going to do. I was surprised to feel after just one use, my skin was softer than I had ever felt it before. After two weeks there is 85% marked improvement in the sun damage on my chest. I'm floored. It's like having brand new skin. Needless to say, I'm ordering more.
It also doesn't pill up under concealer or foundation.

4869	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this foundation.  It covers well.
3496	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	repeat purchase
599	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is such a reliable eye shadow
WARM SAFFRON REVIEW:
4/23/14

Oily Skin
8532	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just starting to use this following the Mario Badescu Glycolic cleanser. No irritation after a couple of uses and feels great on middle aged skin,
I like the tubes of cream more because they just seem to lather faster than most of the tubs of cream, those tend to need a little more work.
3764	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm am expert on sunscreen, redhead with blue eyes, and I'm a riding instructor so I'm outside all day all year. This is by far the best sunscreen I've ever used, I use the tinted lotion for my face and this for arms and shoulders. Lasts a long time too.
1379	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Discovered this product from my hairdresser. It is for thinning hair and is like magic. Just style your hair and sprinkle this on the thinning areas that show. It blends with your hair and looks like you have a full head of hair. I will never be without it!!
425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was pleasantly surprised by how much I like the Dermablend Cover Creme Foundation. It is a very different kind of foundation than any I have used before but if I follow the directions carefully and rub a tiny bit of the cream against the back of my hand to soften it, it goes on my face so smoothly. I only use a bit during the day and it lasts even in the hot, sweaty days of summer. I touch it up again if I'm heading back out in the evening. It blends easily with fingers or a sponge and offers pretty good coverage. The Pale Ivory is very light but I'm pretty pale so it works ok. I add a bronzer during the summer. I've used it daily for about a month and have only used a tiny bit. I imagine this container will last at least six months, probably more. My only complaint is that the makeup does settle into my tiny wrinkles and makes them appear more pronounced.
2096	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my favorite colors from Essie. I have been looking for a pale pink nail color for awhile and Pink Glove Service is just perfect! You have to paint at least two coats before you can see an obvious difference, as it is so sheer. Perfect for a french manicure as well as just wearing by itself. I've gotten many compliments on it :)
4684	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Generally speaking, I love this line but this product should not be called a scrub it. It should not even be sold. The sporadic sharp grains of almonds are very abrasive and my skin can take almost any scrub. In fact I rarely find an affective scrub. This so-called scrub however is ineffectual in every way. Baking soda delivers way more value.
It's a great product to try out if you struggle with peeling and chipping nail polish.


7709	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This one is perfect for styling my medium length bob.  I first bought the "medium", which is like a small, and then the "large", but that's more like a medium.  This "extra large" one is perfect, surprisingly so, I thought this size would only work on really long hair but it's just right for straightening out mine.  Very happy with it! (And it's the same brand my hair stylist uses, and they know best!)
4737	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic shampoo that lathers really well. Cleans the hair very well and light enough to use every day. It won't take out oil based pomades with one wash, but it will take out water based pomades with a single wash. Leaves your hair super soft. I love Jack Black products and this shampoo is a must have for anyone who really cares about their hair. I have also tried the Kiehls shampoo and this is much better in comparison. My favorite shampoo!

I highly recommend the toner and although it costs more than a drugstore brand, you only need to use a little of it. Another plus is that it's formulated for men's skin, which is supposed to be thicker and oilier than women's skin, so theoretically the products work better than just the store bought type.
568	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color works for my wife. One just has to match their desired color against the color image on the product page to know about color.
POSITIVES:
6918	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The bottle appears smaller in the picture, it's a decent size in the box and quite attractive.  It's a pleasant light scent but is certainly on the sweeter and feminine side.  I think it's a perfect scent  for young women and teenagers.  I don't envision it as a mature woman scent and it's not giving off phermones or anything like that :)
8326	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this color is just fantastic!!!  it is just the right shadw of dark blue to dress up or down.....Love it!!!


944	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love her makeup.
Here are the ingredients since I didn't see them on the product page:

Overall she was very pleased with the Mario Badescu Oil and will add it to the very short list of what she uses on her skin.
9250	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a big fan of skin exfoliation; it makes my skin look brighter and more refreshed and seems to make imperfections less noticeable.  I do occasionally use a scrub to exfoliate, but that tends to make my skin look red - I find peels do a better job with less irritation.
SHAVING- let me save you years of trial and error: take a warm shower & wash your face with billy jealousy exfoliating facial cleanser, shave afterwards with a $50 Merkur safety razor handle with good blades (save $100's on mach 3 refills!), use a $20 Tweezerman badger hair shaving brush to apply taylor of old street bond (or proraso) shaving cream (you can let it set in a minute), shave WITH the grain DOWN, SLOWLY, SOFTLY (don't press hard- let the weight of the handle and sharp blade do the cutting), lastly rub on a fingertip of proraso pre/post shave cream while your face is still wet and let it dry! Say goodbye to razor bumps and ingrown hairs FOREVER! Trust me- I've tried dozens of pricey face washes, shaving creams, and after shaves over the last 4 years. If you don't want to commit so much money yet- order the pre/post shave proraso cream online, buy proraso shave cream online or at bath and body works (under their C.O. Bigelow label) then get the cheap single blade disposables (mach 3's are too aggressive) at a grocery store and you'll notice a difference overnight.
111	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Vibrant


6652	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I loved everything about it,


Do try it!!!!  I'm completely impressed. I have the bottle sitting right in front of me at work, and I'm debating buying a bottle for work and for home - for those little times my nails mess up and I need to save them.  I can't believe how gorgeous my nails are.
4900	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the only make up I will ever use. I learned about it while working at the Fairmont Orchid in Hawaii,  people are always complimenting me on my skin and actually it's the makeup.  I have oily skin and this doesn't come to the surface like other makeup does. It also has an SPF20. I just love it! It is so healthy for you I have taken a class and it is one of the Best mineral makeups you can use.
Nor did it burn or feel stiff on the skin or to the touch. The directions say to leave it on for 10 minutes and I followed that exactly. (Still no burning, no redness or dryness at all).  I washed it off thoroughly and even for the first application, I felt the skin felt smoother on my cheeks, neck and forehead. The second application also felt good  (you can use it twice a week)I can't tell yet that my complexion has improved, but the skin feels softer and smoother. (I had someone do a "blind comparison" on my arm and they chose the correct one--the one I'd used this on--as "smoother and softer".)  I think it's a good product, not dramatic in either application or results, but still it was so easy to use and there -were- results--and they were noticeable..
2596	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Edited: I love this blush so much I ended up buying the Peony shade for the days I want a pinker blush.
2259	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Toner is great for your skin. its something i never really got into till someone purchased it as a gift for me, but it helps keep my pores small and my skin looking tighter and smooth. 10oz is a generous amount, it will usually last me 3-4 months only using it in the mornings after showers. When a breakout occurs the witch hazel in the toner helps them heal MUCH faster. I would recommend everyone use toner, once you try it, the difference is remarkable.
I will definitely use this product weekly.


2604	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is nice smelling hair oil that is pretty much like every other good quality hair oil. The smell lasts for about 2 hours and it's easy to over apply this stuff. Really fast delivery from this seller though.

HEXYLENE GLYCOL

5454	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got this for my husband about a minute before he decided to grow his beard out. As a result I have been using it on my legs and it works well. No post shaving irritation or bumps. I find the perfume a bit much, not that it is too masculine ( that would be ok), just that it is pretty strong. I use more on my legs than you would on a face so it doesn't last long. Overall, a very pleasant experience.
8143	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Got rid of my dry red spots immediately. I love Avene.
Recently I discovered Lafco candles in a high end boutique - they look extremely elegant: nice clean lines, a simple glass jar and beautiful packaging. But beyond that, the scents were fabulous and this Daffodil in particular was amazing! However, between the look, the scent and the fact that there was no indication of price, I decided this was probably pricey and walked away!
9152	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works pretty well. Didn't get rid of the zit over night but definitely went away completely after about 2-3 after using it once.

7769	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Excellent product; would buy again. I use a lot of Perricone products & found this moisturizer to be very good. I have found that I break out  & form hives at times from these products because of the high levels of Niacin...so I can't use all of them...just a select few..this moisturizer being one of them.
I will definitely use this product weekly.
They also have a post shave lotion called "Shaved Ice" which is excellent and feels wonderfully chilly.
8942	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells amazing!  My favorite facial spray.

You get a lot for the money.  The bottle is big and it will last a while.  No doubts there.
5764	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great smelling mint scent. Makes your scalp tingle and lathers up really well with just a little bit.

613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice color - definitely more pink than peach.
3484	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very good
3740	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	lone it.thank you
5162	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It contains 1.5% Salicylic Acid which is known to be effective for pimples. It didn't dry my skin too much. I don't care about the special applicator -- I just use my finger.
Since I am worried about this being too drying, especially as winter approaches, I will probably save this for nighttime use since it does an excellent job at removing makeup, and use something a bit less drying in the mornings.
2903	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Peeling ideal. Mild inflammation does not gloss and cleanliness of my daughter used it to me 15 years comfortably,very nice

162	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE OPI!
3796	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As someone with combination skin and a mild case of recurrent milia, I've tried quite a few products out there, including very expensive ones, and ones recommended by dermatologists. This stuff is great--I've used it for about a week and the result is that my skin is far less bumpy and more smooth after. It's definitely a touch harsh in that it helps your skin turn over faster, so the areas where I had a breakout scabbed up and fell off over night, resulting in smoother skin afterwards. There's no real perfume or added scent, other than the scent of the glycolic cleanser itself, which smells mildly medicinal. I recommend this for anyone, especially women in their 30's with cystic acne or an uneven texture to their skin. My skin glows after using, especially when I use it with the clarisonic brush.
992	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great pads. I normally purchase pads from my dermatologist ...will be using these ones from now on!
1641	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice sheer polish.  It does give your nails a healthy glow as I saw on the "TODAY" show.  I hold back on the 5th star because I had to use so many layers to get he desired look. Low fumes too.
5558	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	the container is too small ,,, it is much smaller then the applicator, so i cannot use it at all
805	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can not go wrong with this company.
i highly recommend this product...
1829	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The first coat was too thin and watery!
8247	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good

This Seaweed Cleansing Soap, I didn't like the scent, I felt like I was putting a salad on my face, which I didn't like the little pieces in the cleansing soap, plus it really left my skin feeling clean, but overly clean, stripped, not feeling soft.
Regular foundation
5049	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got some of this as a gift a last Christmas.  I used it and could see an improvement in my skin after using it for a short time.  I am on the second jar and this product seems to be helping with firming up my skin.  Thumbs up!
4144	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I live in Arizona, it's sunny here, a lot, in case you didn't know.  I used this on my face today while outside for hours and I used a spray on my body.  My body is burned but my face isn't at all!  The spray I used was 50 spf.  So it works.  Plus, the smell is amazing.  Yeah yeah it smells like summer and vacation but it also reminds me of a tropical drink.  My face smelled so good all day!  To me it smells more like pineapple but I could have licked my own face - that's how good it is.
IF I'm using this WRONG -- please let me know -- lol...
2778	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Another one of my least favorite preshaves. Entirely too sticky for me... It leaves a nasty ring of shaved hair around the sink after the water drains, even when using a little bit. I prefer something between the runny splashes out there... and this glue product.
I still use Zirh face products like Correct, Protect and Defend.  They are exceptional.  The Jack Black face scrub is painful.
My hands are a little dry with extra dryness around my index fingers.  Jack Black Industrial Strength Hand Healer has left my hands feeling soft and beautiful.  Although I'm not really excited about the eucalyptus scent, it isn't long lasting.
A note to the reader:  I will do my best to give you a fair, accurate, and unbiased view of this skin care product.
I absolutely love this body lotion and will use it in the future.  Particularly when going to the office or when going out and for special occasions.  I strongly recommend it.  It is suitable for all generations.
After reading a list of the scents (mandarin, bergamot, vanillin, jasmine, orange blossom, oakmoss, musk and amber) of which it's comprised, I was fairly sure that I would find Obsession appealing and I was certainly not disappointed.  What did surprise me, however, was how much my husband liked it.  I can't recall his ever complimenting any of the fragrances I wear, yet he made a few mentions of how much he liked this one.  So for both of us, Obsession is a keeper.
2039	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Loved it everything was easy thank you!! Will shop again because it was so easy to do and the producta are great. Love that it comwes right to my house so simple, thank you, I will be buying more colors again.
329	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Face it - if you can't build a set of nails with ENVY, you probably aren't intended to wear nail polish.
9062	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This hot tools probably works great on longer hair.  Mine is too shot for this product (its down to my shoulders).  It gets very hot very fast so be careful.  I liked the long, easy swivel cord, makes it easy to wrap your hair around the barrel. Also the end of the barrel has a safe non thermal tip so you don't have to worry about burning your fingers. The hair is held tightly and there are even spring clips that are added in the package.  I am going to give this to my daughter who has really long hair. The curls will be better and more pronounced with her hair length.  When I used it, my hair just had body with only a little bit of curl.
The diaper rash seems good, although we're kind of past the diaper days (thank god), but since it has zinc oxide, it's got some other uses and has worked well as a skin protectant and against heat rash. The lotion is also good, but not great. It smells good and doesn't exacerbate their eczema, but it also doesn't left their skin as visibly soft and moisturized as some of the other lotions we've used. With their eczema, this is a big deal for us, since leaving their skin dry can lead to more dry skin, scaling, and ultimately, itching.

7825	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair stylist recommended this hair dryer. I am very satisfied. It is light weight, has an extra long- heavy duty cord, and 3 fan and 3 heat settings. I've owned other pricey dryers, but for me, this is by far the best.
2375	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My mother has been wearing Red Door for years.  Decades?  Anyway, to me, the smell of Red Door reminds me of my mother and all of the good things that go along with that.  This is one of those fabulous scents that can become a part of the fabric of your life.  I associate the smell with holidays, birthdays and maybe even a night out at the casino.  It's demure, it's soft, but it also has an underlying allure that is sure to please.
Men should definitely use this aftershave cream balm treatment formulated with Vichy Mineralizing Thermal Water and Calcium. It is suitable for sensitive skin with dual action: it immediately soothes and fortifies skin after shaving. This formula is alcohol-free, fragrance-free and paraben-free. It can be applied to face and neck after shaving. I will be bold to say that women could use it on their legs after shaving.  It will make sin soft and provide general moisture.
Pleasant clean smell.  The opening in the tube is rather large so be careful not to squeeze out more than you need to.  The cover snaps closed firmly making it suitable for travel.
6175	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use many Mario Badescu skin care products.  They are not too harsh, feel great on my skin, and the price point is excellent.  Since I am always in the market for a moisturizer with SPF that I can wear under my usual makeup, I was eager to give this one a try.  First of all, there is no harsh scent.  The product isn't greasy at all, and it absorbs nicely.  It didn't feel at all heavy on my face, and it is definitely light enough to wear under makeup.  though the moisturizer is thick, it doesn't have a thick feel to it.  This is an excellent size bottle, also- easy to throw in a cosmetics bag!  Try using one of the oils at night, pair with the Moisture Magnet in the morning, and your skin will feel great.

Other than that, this is a highly effective cream that works great for healing hands that have been in the dirt.
The Jack Black cream is thick!  It goes on easily, but takes a while to absorb.  I usually start with the product on the backs of my hands, give them a good rubbing, and then wipe my palms off on a towel.  After a short while, the product has absorbed into the backs of my hands and I can immediately feel an improvement to my skin.
2279	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Niticed no difference, expensive
This product provides excellent coverage.
I will buy it until something better comes along.
1415	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Flower-flavored toothpaste? Yes, and it's delicious! If you're bored by your drugstore's choices (20 varieties of harsh, tongue-burning mint), try this. Yes, it is expensive, but Amazon's price isn't any higher than you'll find in a store -- if you're lucky enough to find this stuff in a store at all. Let me tell you what makes Marvis Jasmine Mint worth paying a "mint" (sorry) for:
9067	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a hot tools fanatic- this big barrel is great for loose waves.
1719	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Favorite color.
I cant say how this green concealer would work on a very large or dark scar, but on a smaller with some degree of redness, I recommend it.
But, you really can't beat the Billy Jealousy shave cream. I have super sensitive skin, and never see any red inflamed skin when using this shave cream.
5086	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I stumbled on Pevonia a few years ago and just love it. I have extremely sensitive skin and used the pevonia roseacea line for quite a while. I have struggled with finding an enzyme or exfoliating treatment that doesn't leave me just raw with red skin. This is a very gentle enzyme cream mask, it doesn't have much of an odor, and it is so easy to use in the shower (jump in, let the steam work for a minute, put it on, let it sit for a couple minutes, rinse it off). This and the Pevonia C Complexe are the two skin care items I splurge on. I have tried philosophy, Kate Sommerville, Murad, Dermalogica, Burt's Bees - multiple higher end skin care lines and many from the drug store as well and this has worked the best for me and my sensitive skin. I would suggest this product to anybody. A little bit of this goes a long way so it lasts quite a while if using two times per week.
9699	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff. Premium hand cream, lovely scent.
2139	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love, love this detangler. My hair tends to be dry & is long & color treated. When I apply this in the shower just after I've rinsed out the shampoo  it makes my hair immediately feel silky. Leave it be for 2 or 3 minutes & there are no more tangles, just long, silky clean hair!  There's no "weighed down" or filmy feel. Yes, I have sensitive skin & it's fine.

2240	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I bought one a long time ago and returned it due to the sticky handle problem so it was with concern that I bought a second one but the handle was good.  This is one of the few curling irons that is the size I want - 5/8".  It arrived just in time to take it to Spain. It worked well.  The only thing I didn't like is it was too long to fit in my cosmetic bag which I keep packed and ready to go since I travel regularly.
4908	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	New to JI cosmetics and absolutely loving the line.  Goes on soo light almost feels like nothing on your face. I plan to change to this brand since it really feels good on my skin/face.
744	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect light coverage foundation!

4551	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I travel a lot and carry on.  I would leave my toner at home in the past because it was too large of a bottle to carry on.  I just put the jar in my carry on bag and haven't had any TSA hassles since they don't consider it liquid.


4476	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a smooth, easy to use cleanser that leaves your skin soft and clean. It works with hard or soft water,

This Seaweed Cleansing Soap, I didn't like the scent, I felt like I was putting a salad on my face, which I didn't like the little pieces in the cleansing soap, plus it really left my skin feeling clean, but overly clean, stripped, not feeling soft.
1136	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Baffled by the positive reviews for this face wash. I guess this could work for minor acne...but it didn't make a dent in mine. I've since learned much more about the dangers of using BP, and have switched to much more gentle skin care that doesn't cause as much inflammation (raw honey, oils, etc).
The set is a great kit to get into a good skin care regime.
This makes it thin.
9914	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I live at the beach and spend a lot of time in the sun. I read about this on a well respected beauty magazine site, so I figured if its good enough for their editors then its good enough for me! I loooove this stuff. I always put spf lotion on underneath as primer/base and then add this to the "hot" spots that tend to cook quickly, nose especially! It provides good coverage, but doesn't look like a mask. It has kept me from burning in the desert heat and on the beach! I haven't worn it in the water yet so we'll see how that goes. Its also great for travel or throwing in your purse because it won't leak and has a mirror.
4601	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a beauty product addict. Price doesnt matter to me, Ill try anything, and have tried an insane number of all things potion and lotion. My fave hair serum is $5. My fave face cream is $200. I mention this only because I want to be clear that I am not attracted to only higher end lines.
My daughter uses this to clean her face and remove her eye makeup. She's thrilled with it. I use it as a toner after washing my face, and before using my acne products. It leaves my skin very smooth and refreshed.
After shampooing, spread a very tiny pea-sized amount in your hands and apply to damp towel-dried hair focusing on the ends working towards the scalp. Avoid actually putting any on your roots or your scalp to avoid weighing your hair down.  If there is not enough product, repeat again in tiny pea-sized increments.  Style as usual.
This stuff is not magic, it's science & it's been around for a long time.  The micelle surfactant molecule is suspended in liquid/water and kind of grabs on to the dirt/oils/makeup on your face & doesn't allow it to stick on your face.  (That is my simple, non-scientist explanation.)  There is no irritation - even around eyes.  And the skin actually feels clean without rinsing with tap water - really!  When you use it, it seems like you are just using regular tap water except it actually dissolves/grabs the goo/makeup/dirt off your face.
20	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The best hand cream ever.  I'm constantly washing my hands, and this is the only hand cream that moisturizes without feeling greasy.
319	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is so so pretty. I don't tend to like purples on my nails, however this makes me change my mind. Gorgeous color and the formuler is great!
4167	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT!!!!! Have Rosacea....VERY SOOTHING and RICH!!
****(11/2012) Lost count, but just received my most recent order.  Taking a Q-Tip and applying to larger, freckle-sized spots.  After several applications per day, they actually crust up and create a scab like the prescription meds my parents use.  Scab falls off and fresh skin is underneath.  Still the best (read: strongest) product I've found to combat melasma.  Again, I cannot emphasize using heavy duty SPF.

1492	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Don't order, awful, hooky, threw it out as it could not be replaced
8638	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a lightweight lotion that goes on smooth and leaves a delicate scent, a hint of honey. It feels very nice on my skin, I used it on legs and arms and it wasn't heavy or sticky and the scent did not linger all day, which is fine with me! I had not heard of this brand before but will be looking for it next time I'm shopping for lotion.
3442	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty color and much to m surprise it stayed on really well - in fact it was harder to get off than regular nail polish.  Bright and pretty.
Recommended.

5762	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great shampoo that leaves hair clean and shiny.
1884	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good polish
4185	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Haven't used it long enough to give 5 stars but seems to give a more vibrant complexion
I have sensitive skin and get razor burn and until I tried the Billy Jealousy line I dreaded shaving, but this works wonders for me.
685	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Really like this shampoo, it has the mint/tea tree scent and feel but unlike many other mint shampoos it doesn't make your head feel like you've been dunked into a bucket of Listerine and are on fire! It's very subtle and mild. It is a bit drying as most shampoos with sulfates are so I'd recommend using it with conditioner.
7620	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have had oily, problem skin all my adult life.  PCA is the very best facial wash I have ever used!

The color itself is nice and with a top coat it reminds me a little of those old Sally Hansen prism polishes, minus the color change effect. I do like the texture of the polish and it's wearable with or without a topcoat. This color can also be worn well at one or two coats. The drying time was fast, but I can't speak too much for the longevity yet. I see complaints about chipping polish, which may be solved by making sure your nails are smooth, well buffed and totally clean of all oils. After a day of wear, shampooing my hair etc my polish was still intact, at least. (I used Out the Door topcoat)
5019	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the MOST emollient foot cream I've ever tried.  I put this all over my body before bed and I wake up with silky skin and it smells great too!
8962	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My other one was just like this, a few years old and started to burn my hair off. This new one is still fresh and curls perfectly.
6250	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought 2, one for myself and one for my granddaughter who has long, extra thick hair, she loves it! I like it because it takes forever to bush with a normal size brush, it saves me a lot of time. I also like because bristle brushes damage my color treated hair and make it frizzy. This is definitely a keeper!
9594	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Peppery scent, not much lather, too expensive

7469	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff, wish it came in a larger size. I use this for everything, hands, lips , all over body mixed with my body lotion and around my nose , everywhere! It not only heals dry skin it also moisturizes like nothing else!
8841	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	not bad, trying it out for the first time
If you're DYING to throw away some $$ and try this anyway b/c you want to feel like a semi-smooth faced chump, I found that you could actually buy the elements (less the cheap/low quality brush-which isn't worth more than $10-$15 anyway!) for about $80-$100 total. So, FOR SURE skip the kit,(and I would say these products altogether).  It made my skin feel nice, but not incredible or $100+ of a hit to my wallet.
6971	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Okay. I've tried a lot of moisturizers. A lot. Creams of all kinds, of the drugstore and cosmetic counter variety. These days, I normally use Strivectin, and I mention that so you'll know I've tried out the good stuff. Well, this is the great stuff. I have never used a moisturizer that was so emollient. And I don't mean it was thick and pasty. Not at all. It goes on slick and easy, almost like a gel, but somehow there's a richness...like there's a heft, or substance, to it. It takes a few minutes to sink in. For the first minute, it sits on your face like a second skin, and then it slowly melts into your complexion. I noticed that my make-up lasted longer, and I didn't need to use as much primer. For me, that's saying something. I have combination skin, and am especially oily in my t zone. Make-up melts right off my face, but after using the Juice moisturizer, my make-up lasted much longer.  I make no claims about it's power to reduce wrinkles. I haven't used the cream long enough to tell. But I will say that it at least temporarily reduces the look of fine lines. It can't help but do that; it just drenches your skin with moisture and lights up your complexion. In short, I am a big fan, and have never loved a cream so much.

It is also one of the more reasonably priced DermaBlend products.
3640	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this as a gift for a friend who is in love with this particular fragrance. She practically bathes in perfume so I had to get her the large version.

5054	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I grabbed this up and didn't realize it was for men.  I really like the cream anyway - it is rich, smooth, and super nice for sensitive skin.  I like that the cream is really thick.  One tube should last me a long time.
3987	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this cleansing water. Its gentle on my skin. Is not very scented and leaves my skin soft. It is not good for taking off heavy foundation or mascara so youll need regular

4898	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have used it for a year, first time buyng form Amazon.  Although it appears a little lighter than the Doctor's office, it's still seems to be pretty much the same product.  The price is right.
1907	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite new color polish!
1164	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If your fair skinned and need HQ free, this is the one.
8050	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Purchased for my elderly mother who constantly laments her thinning hairline. Although this is obviously a superficial solution, it does make her feel like she has more hair in front. A little tricky to apply (it is a fine powder, afterall), and tends to get all over the place. But used judiciously, desired results can be achieved with some practice. Not sure if she will repurchase, but at least for now it offers an easy solution for bald spots. It basically just colors your scalp like shoe polish, doesn't really thicken fine hair as claims.
2835	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for a few years and i find it very effective, it works up a nice lather and leaves my face feeling clean.  Good product
3645	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Creates a very nice medium tan. Natural looking. Very easy to follow directions, and comes with everything you need to apply the tan, including a hand mitt.
Despite it being malodorous and having an odd consistency. Unfortunately, after two weeks of using it his skin is dry it out and his acne looks no better. He decided to stop using it and pitch in the garbage. I can't blame him.
424	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dermablend Cover Creme Foundation is a very different kind of foundation than any I have used before. I followed the directions carefully and rubbed a tiny bit of the cream against the back of my hand to soften it and it really does go on my face so smoothly. I only use a bit during the day and it lasts all day. I do touch it up again if I'm heading back out in the evening. I haven't tried the translucent powder to set it yet, but I'd like to. It blends easily with fingers or a sponge and offers pretty good coverage. The Warm Ivory is very light but I'm pretty pale so it works ok. The warmer color works better for me than the Pale Ivory in the summer.  I've used it daily for about a month and have only used a tiny bit. I imagine this container will last at least six months, probably more. My only complaint is that the makeup does settle into my tiny wrinkles and makes them appear more pronounced. Overall, I've been very pleased with the makeup.
 I would not  recommend the acne kit.  Frankly, buying good old Noxzema, Ckearisil, or Neutrogena is the better way to go
1018	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	First the color:
No Moisturizer
Toppik is now a must-have product for me so I started looking for a better bargain and found it here.  I get almost more than twice the product for only a few $ more.


3390	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OPI has the most vibrant and long-lasting colors. This raspberry shade is very flattering and always gets compliments.
3010	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like that it does not have a scent.  Too many body lotions have a strong scent and the scent can be over powering.  To me the lotion is a bit greasy but not terrible.  The lotion works well, as expected, but I do think the price is too high.  Not sure it is good enough to justify the price that is being charged.  Amazon needs to package the bottle better.  Mine came in a bubble envelope and the pump dispenser was broken off.  Overall is a decent lotion but watch the price and Amazon packaging.
9009	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	OK



634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best Mineral Makeup.  Top of the line, use this for a full but lighter coverage. If you want even more coverage use the liquid mineral foundation with it, you will look flawless.
4957	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the product. I love the fragrance.  It makes the room smell light and clean.
Zoya was having a sale and I couldn't resist this one.  It is unlike anything else I have.  I feel like it is a true duochrome (and not just using the name to attract attention).  You can see the shifting between the green and purple in the bottle, but also on your nails.  Depending on how I hold my hand with respect to a light source, my nails look either purple or green, with maybe just a suggestion of the other color.  It's pretty cool and I can't stop looking at it!

8743	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Looks pretty, pink, and creamy with strawberry seeds as described.  Expected a lovely strawberry smell, but just smelled like lotion.  Also felt like a cream lotion.  Did nothing at all.  Followed up with my clean and clear scrub to get the job done.
1192	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I did not see "fibers".  This is more like a colored, powdered hair "shampoo" that DOES add body, and does NOT leave white residue like a dry shampoo.  That said, I like this product.  I have fine, thin curly hair that will droop if I use heavy products.  I have tried a lot of body-building hair products, and many are just too weighty  Even Frizz-eeze is not great for me. So far, this is a winner..
6262	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product! It is gentle and moisturizing. It is a great daily face wash. It smells good and it lasts a long time. A little goes a long way. You really get your moneys worth. I use Sucker Punch 2-3 times a week to get the exfoliation I need too.

605	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is another great Jane Iredale product at a very reasonable price! The color is very beautiful. It is a bluish red.
6235	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	WONDERFUL TONER just spray on face and continue other product applications. Does not dry or irritate at all. This is a great line for people with sensitive skin and not just rosacea issues.

8567	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This doesn't work as well as TNS Essential Serum or Recovery Complex for getting rid of wrinkles, but pretty close. It smooths wrinkles out a bit and gives your face UV protection at the same time along with adding the same color tone to your whole face. I used to use TNS essential serum, TNS Recovery Complex, TNS Dermal Repai, and TNS Retinol. It was to much time. Now I just use this and almost get very close to the same great result in a fraction of the time. I've repurchased it several times and will continue to.
Personally I don't feel a few drops a day will harm me but I will keep trying more chemical free products to see what works for me. I did like the product but was disappointed in how it was labeled.  I'll have to think if I'll buy it or not.

It is marketed for men.  The claims are that a mans skin is different and so needs a different product than a womans.  That is not a true claim.  Men just don't want to purchase products that are marketed toward women, so special plain white and black packaging is produced to attract the male consumer.
I recommend getting this product!
Now, a moisturizer that simply hydrates is not good enough! we demand more from our products these days. To show truly efficacious results, this cream has to DO something else. That's where the AHA's come in. The fruit acids to act as low level AHA's (i'd guess it's 5% or less), so you won't see visible brightness overnight -- but over a few weeks, you'll feel your skin texture getting smoother, more refined.


7818	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have always been a fan of Sara Happ's products. I love the yummy smell/taste of this peach scrub. It makes your lips so soft. The lip slip itself is my favorite lip gloss. It will last you a long time. The lip slip smells like roses. It lasts a long time. Order it, you won't be disappointed.
Petunia goes beautifully with MAC Cyndi (discontined) I love that combo.
Not only does it clean well without overly stripping your skin, but it has a gentle exfoliation with the seaweed bits.  It's soothed my skin and made it glow in a way it hasn't in a while.
9697	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Based on a friend's recommendation, I tried this hand cream and I'm delighted with it.  The price is a real "bummer" as is the fact that it doesn't come in a smaller tube so that I could put it in my purse.  It does make my hands smooth and soft and the scent is quite pleasant so I'll no doubt buy it again.
4359	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite ...has been since I was a teen. A must have in your beauty routine. :D
It helps to apply a fine hairspray to keep Toppik topic in place, but I rarely need to do this. If I do, I use a Tresemme extra fine mist spray. The scent is mild and doesn't leave you with Old Lady Aquanet smelling helmet hair. You can use any hairspray you like - Consort, American Crew, etc.

8628	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!! Leaves face feeling super clean!!
6899	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product!!!!!
635	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good color
988	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Began using on the suggestion of my aesthetician. She's right it helps all my other products work much better and I do see a difference. I get compliments on my skin all the time and I am told constantly that I don't look 53
I've been alternating this with my Retin-A cream at night, and use one pad on my face, neck, chest, and the back of my hands.
3) Other products seem to work better when there are no inflamed blemishes to deal with.
I'm a 40 yr old guy with thinning hair, but I still want to wear a pomp. Fortunately, I just have some thinning patches and not extensive balding such as MPB on top. Toppik works for me even if I use pomade to get the pomp look I like. I apply Toppik after greasing up and getting my hair partially styled. I'll add Toppik as needed to the thinning spots as I comb and style. The pomade actually seems to help keep Toppik adhering better and covers my thinning patches well. I've found that using a water based pomade as a base works best and then using a petrolatum/wax based pomade as a topper for shine really helps. I add the Toppik after applying pomades. You can add more pomade if you need to, but I usually then need to add a bit more Toppik since some will inevitably come out on your hands when applying pomade to hair that already has Toppik applied.
The conditioner also has really helped with damaged ends.


4764	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love  it!
3755	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Too greasy. I've exchanged for asian sunscreens which are the best on the market.
444	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is heavy duty - stayed put throughout a hot day of bbq.  I chose this because I knew I would be on the run all day and it has a high spf as well.  Typically I prefer a lighter coverage or tinted sunscreen.  If you want full on coverage that lasts - you won't be disappointed.  I am pale and this color perfectly blended in with my slightly sun kissed skin.
8006	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	at covering thinning areas of hair. I've never tried any other brand of hair building fibers but this one covers and blends well. Looks like your hair if you match the color properly. I have yet to find a way to keep it from spreading all over the sink and countertop in the bathroom though.
7168	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT
5174	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I generally love Vichy skin care products. For the quality that you get, they are not overpriced, and I had found them to be effective.
It does feel pleasant and silky, and it does seem to allow skin to breathe.  I think it may give foundation a bit of added staying power.  However, it does not deliver the total porelessness that I would need to see in order to pay this price for a primer.

0	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This handcream has a beautiful fragrance. It doesnt stay on or protect your hands through washing.  This size is quite small.
3212	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it this product. I use Jack Black on the daily. I prefer this item over their beard lube shaving product.
Triethanolamine
FOUR STARS at this point, and I will update when winter comes as performance will be completely different when the air is dry and skin is parched.
8058	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff!
123	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had another bottle of this shade from a couple of years ago, and this shade was not exactly the same.
5568	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I want to give an honest assessment because I know how hair loss affects each of us. I've been losing my hair since I was 20 and have done everything under the sun to fight it off. I've reached a point in my life, after some surgeries, where I've got about 30-40 percent density over the entire top of my head and a little less in the back. I have run out of donor hair and was stuck with either having to wear a hair system or use a masking product. When I first started using this I was prepared to give it a lower rating. It didn't seem to apply evenly and ran very easily with a little sweat or water. After applying it a dozen times it got easier and was more effective so don't necessarily give up after the first couple of tries.

4532	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used many different home masks over the years, but I have to say that in my opinion, this one was the best for deep cleaning.  I did get a few pimples within a week of using, but I think that is a direct result of it's deep cleansing capabilities.  If you have a big event coming up, I would recommend using once a week  a month prior, and then a good moisturizer after use.  This does make your skin glow and soft, and feels really clean--I would recommend.
105	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful Color for summer. I used two coats and a top coat and it looks amazing! Not streaky or watery more creamy. Very good coverage.
7010	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I asked my daughter to try this skin kit out.  She has problem skin.  She told me that she likes the cleanser which made her skin feel tighter and tingling clean, she had nothing good to say about the moisturizer. She didn't like the smell, and also thought the moisturizer was way too thick.  We don't understand why someone concerned with acne would want a moisturizer so thick that it may clog facial pores.  She saw no improvement in her skin with these products.  So no recommendation for this skin care kit.
9158	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I.LOVE.THIS.STUFF!  It is definitely drying so be very careful if you have sensitive skin.  Really is a miracle worker!
6157	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	really good
3772	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this waterproof sunscreen. It was recommended by the woman who I get facials from and she generally only uses and recommends clean, non-toxic products. I think it's one of the best, least toxic waterproof facial sunscreens you will find. It does not make you as white as many others.

8593	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Pevonia RS2 lotion for many years.  This toner is used after cleansing and before moisturizing. I have rosacea and using these products has worked well for me.  I continually get complements on my "wrinkle free" skin and I am 61 years old!  I would never swithch from using this product.  It also smells good.  It has a hint or a rose smell.
6987	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product. I have used it in place of my standard moisturizer and it more than does the job. It is a clear gel with bits of "green apple" in it. It has a pleasant fruity scent. It is a nice, light texture and absorbs quickly. I have been using this for 2 weeks and my skin has been clearer and smoother than normal and my pores seem to have shrunk. I will definitely purchase again!
2600	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jouer's compacts are designed to fit into an interlocking palette, but even if you don't care about that, this is a great stand-alone blush.
~The Rebecca Review
I got this for myself but my sons like it also and are using it so this is not a "gender specific" product.
1) Following the company's instructions, Dermablend Professional Cover Creme took only *one* application to completely cover the discoloration on my neck! It took very little make-up to do the job, too.
6233	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	On time shipping and, brand new!!
9325	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best hair oil I've ever used. I use this on towel dried hair and it leaves my hair soft, shiny and nourished. I have super long hair and when I use this oil, I never have any split ends or dry ends to my hair. A little goes a long way too, so with a bottle this size, I get about 6 months use out of it.
4337	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I experienced Bioelements Equalizer tonner/mist during my recent visit to salon that uses this product line.  Esthetician used it after cleansing and in between peelers, serums and mask to refresh the skin and reset PH levels of the skin.  She used it as a mist and I absolutely loved the pleasant scent of the product.  The product uses chinese herbs and natural extracts such as: ginseng, watercrest, Sumac, rose oil, nobilis oil and many others.  6 oz bottle can go a long way.  This is professional product and it can be purchased at salons that use Bioelements line.  It prepares skin for mosturizer and I use it at day and night.  It works as a mist and instead of using cotton puffs/pads, I apply paper tissues and gently dab it on my skin to remove any access and help absorbtion.  This technique allows better product absorbtion in the skin.
High initial investment. Actually in recent years, the common razors make DE look cheaper than ever. As of writing, you can get this beautiful razor that will last longer than your lifetime for less than the cost of a few months' worth of the popular top-of-the-line disposable alternative. It's barely even a choice- switch to DE, save money.

4472	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this cleanser for about four months, and am happy to see that it's available on Amazon now since it's become increasingly hard to track down.  I have sensitive skin that can easily turn red or feel tight if I use a cleanser that is too strong, and this one is very soothing.
I recommend it but the price is a little steep for the quantity it offers.

1084	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I would never have thought that I could put white powder on my face and not look like a geisha! I didn't use the enclosed puff. I applied over foundation using a brush. Use a light hand and brush away any white residue that remains. I've also applied it over L'Oreal's Visible Lift Radiance Booster, which I use alone sometimes when I'm just running out to the post office, or trying on clothes at the store and don't want to get makeup on things. The setting powder takes away the shine of the L'Oreal primer.
apple
9865	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used to use Vaseline, but this works much better.  Twice a day and my lips stay moist and comfortable!
171	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this color
I'm an African American male with thinning hair on the sides as well as top due to over processing my hair as a youth. It makes it difficult to get a nice even haircut and I can't where the low to bald styles since I have acne keloiditis around the rear hairline which causes hair loss and unattractive keloids. It's so embarrassing that I don't even like for people to stand behind me on the elevator. One day I discovered Toppik and although no one in the videos had my type of hair I thought what the hell, it's worth a try.
6937	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you are going to use any heat on your hair -- blow dryer -- hair iron -- you should first coat your hair with this product.  It will protect your hair and give you great body and shine.  I use it even when I don't use heat on my hair.  It gives my hair a silky smooth feel..  Love it.
2685	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have the worst skin ever and without going into detail, I have to use special products to  camouflage alot of flaws. I recently went out shopping and a women was so impressed with my skin that she said it looked like I didn't even have pores. Let me tell you, as a teenager, my skin was quite oily and my pores are large....so to hear someone say that to me made me feel really good.  It sets your make-up and gives you an air brushed look. I've been using this product for years. I've had facial scar revision surgery, so I have to take special care in applying make-up. Good stuff and well worth the money.

I did a small dab, just enough to cover the area.  Overnight the zit which was starting to form completely shrunk!  The next night a second dab did the trick to shrink it the rest of the way and it was gone by the third day completely.
5902	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	People just keep giving me compliments, and I'm not going to lie...I love it.
For even greater results, I recommend Toppik's Hair Fattener.  This is a leave-in treatment.  The results I have with it are impressive.  It works by making the hair appear a little thicker.  I have been using it for about six weeks and even my husband can see a small difference in the thickness of my hair.  (Toppik's claim is that continued use will make a permanent change in the thickness of the hair.) Using both products together will really help you look like you have no gaps of hair.

2723	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would purchase this product again.
One of the things I love most about MB products is that they have fewer ingredients and do not irritate my skin.  Whenever possible I try to use more natural products on my skin and I regularly use a variety of cleansing masks along with my clarsonic in order to keep my skin clear.  This drying lotion can sometimes sting a little when I put it on if I tried squeezing a pimple (yes, I know, against the rules..but it happens!), but if I use this before bed I will wake up and find that my large red pimples have shrunk significantly overnight.  Depending on the size of the breakout sometimes it disappears completely within a day!


I have this iron in three sizes. I have the 1", the 1.25" and the 2". This size is by far my most used size. I have mid back length hair and it's medium thickness. It is wavy by nature but I typically curl it after blow drying it straight. This iron has been my go to after years of use, and it still looks as good as the day I bought it-8 years ago. It's in pristine condition and it works like a charm, and it gets USED.
7838	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My husband gives this shaving foam high marks but in all fairness, it's costly. Worth the investment for sensitive skin and men prone to ingrown whiskers.
5474	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Howdy, Cowboy!
7496	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is smooth and silky after using silk infusion.  It has been reformulated so if you have used it previously note that it is a bit different in look and feel.  It is clear and a little goes a long way.  My stylist has instructed me to apply the product away from my scalp and to warm it in my hands by rubbing them together before working it into my hair.  This process worked perfectly for me.  I live in a humid climate so frizz is a year round problem but with Chi and a touch of a flat iron my hair looked salon complete.  It was not oily, just smooth and finished.  Since I wash my hair daily after gym workouts and it is colored I worry about the quality and dryness of my hair.  This is a good product and it is definitely better than some of the lower end spray-on oils which I have found unsatisfactory.  I found Biosilk too greasy and L'oreal spray on oil did nothing.
7919	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Covers up those shiny spots.
7832	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Vichy shaving gel is the thickest, creamiest shaving cream I've ever used and yet it rinses off the blade with ease. In the past, when I've used thicker shaving gels, the trade-off is always that the cream is so thick that I have to spend a lot of time rinsing the blade between strokes. This cream somehow dissolves immediately when you get the blade wet.
2791	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I generally like Art of Shaving products, even though they tend to be over priced. If you are someone who is using your average drugstore shaving cream than you will think this cream is outrageously priced. There are definitely other creams which are priced lower and do just as good a job as this cream. Specifically, the three T's of the wetshaving world come to mind, those are TOBS (Taylor of Old Bond Street), Trumpers, and Truefitt and Hill. However, this is a cream that you can actually find in a lot of local malls because it is carried by stores like Nordstroms, Dillards, and Macys. With the other creams I mentioned you will most likely have to purchase them online.
I'm guessing it depends on your skin - my skin tends to be drier anyway, while hers is much more soft and elastic. Maybe it works best on adult skin? I don't know - I just know that I'M happy with it, so it'll definitely be staying in the house!
It smells like heaven. Moisturizes, softens, shines hair. Doesn't weigh hair down and doesn't create build-up. I use a cleansing conditioner instead of regular shampoo/conditioner combo since it is a lot milder and I haven't noticed any product build-up at all.




I liked this product and think it is one of the better eyebrow products I've tried. A little goes a long way.
So, this mixed bristle brush is for normal, finer, and shorter hair. I bought it for myself but my husband uses it; although I have short hair it is very thick and straight and coarse and the brush bristles won't reach all the way to my scalp, but slides over the top hairs. My husband loves it dearly though, and really enjoys using it himself, or as a special treat, allowing me to brush his hair. This makes the expense of a Mason Pearson brush well worth the money--it's a luxury item and the purchase is an investment--but it's worth it. If you're the type of person who would rather enjoy an evening at home having your hair brushed by your spouse instead of going to dinner and a movie, then you can justify the cost. That's how we did it :)
Im not a man, but I do have dry skin, which becomes even more so during the winter months.  I tried it and after five days Ive found my skin to be well moisturized.  I have not seen any indication that it exfoliates my skin.  No dead skin cells on my face.  No stinging after several nights use.  Just moisturizing.  What I do like is that it did not make my face break out.  Heavy creams, especially those with oil, will cause my face to break out after four or five nights.  But, this did not.
The dryer has a unique finish; kind of "rubbery".  I like it because it is not slippery like my old dryer.
3892	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used it for a week and the peeling and breaking still happened when I took it off my nails they were sore like I had acrylic on my nails and it has that formaldehyde in it which is not good for nails even though it's said to be a low dose ill find something else right now I am taken a break bare nails nothing else
6922	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very pleasant fragrance and last all day.
7671	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	They have a great thing going with this cleansing cream, you have to use twice or three times what they suggest.  It does not lather at all.  I will not buy it again.
1639	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!


It is a very generous amount too.  It comes with this white fluffy puffball but I don't care for it much.  It works but I just prefer a brush.
1507	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the naked line of Polish
9481	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a sassy candle.
I suggest also checking out Andalou brand products, which are far more moderately priced, all-natural, and work extremely well on my skin (thin, pale, dry and a bit sensitive).
Much better than other cheaper brands of self tanning mousses that I have used before!
3143	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You only need to use a very small amount of this product.  It works great.  The smell is very light and disapates quickly.  I do not spend a small fortune on cologne to have my "sport scent" deodorant overpower it.  I use several of the Jack Black products and they all do as advertised.
4778	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have been using it for years and I like the volume it gives my hair.
I have VERY sensitive skin, and after I shave, no nicks,cuts,redness.

4968	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like this skin care package. My face feels tighter, cleaner and looks a little more bright.
Love it.
7946	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing product for thin hair.  Use it with covure and they work great  together.
I'll update when I try it on my head/with personna blades.
110	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty purple. If you like color, you'll like this.

To get the most out of this toothpaste, it needs to be used without water on an electric toothbrush for the full recommended 2-mins.  I use it mostly as an additional treatment with a dedicated toothbrush rather than as my primary toothpaste.
3862	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I love OPI's Nail Envy and have used it for several years.  So, why am I giving it 1-star?  Because it's hit-or-miss whether you'll get the same stuff each time you order this particular product.
8180	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The sunscreen seems authentic, unlike other JM items I have purchased through Amazon.
5420	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was very happy to find this not only at such a reasonable price, but with the convenience of having it delivered to my home. I first heard about this brand around a year ago at my Cosmetic Dermatologist's office and tried it because it was offered at 20% off. I can't remember how much it cost, but I know it was over $100. And it does work as promised.
2. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL TRANSLUCENT LOOSE SETTING POWDER (NO SPF):
8722	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is amazing and smells great.
I attach the sprayer, cover my head in a fine mist, pat, comb. I continue to apply where needed and then spray with the fiber fix (or hairspray, if in a pinch, works fine). My hair is shiny and I am ready to face the world without being embarrassed about my mostly bald head. I now look like I have hair where there is none, or very little.

4652	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a big fan of the Juice Beauty line.  I am a regular user of the green apple peel as well as those regular facial moisturizer.  I was given a chance to try out this clear skin kit and have had great results with it.
The products smell nice, but are not overpowering. We tried the lavender scent and it's fresh and masculine without being too floral or harsh. Sometimes lavender can smell medicinal, but thankfully this one didn't. The 4 step process results in an amazingly close shave and soft skin! It takes a little longer to do it this way, but the results are worth the extra time.
5647	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for covering up thinning hair
I now regret the purchase, while it does get hot, it does not get hot enough for my hair. I also don't recommend this size for loose fat Victorias secret curls. Go with the 1 1/4, and also a different brand. I have heard many good things about Hot tools, but I cannot recommend this curling iron for thick coarse hair. (I can't speak for thin hair)
8301	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just used this polish for my manicure. Everyone loved it at the salon. I am getting so many compliments! This shade just might work all year long. There is a beautiful shimmer to it as well. A perfect mauve-brown shade!
It has a sprinkle method that I've used on both dry and wet hair.  I am a medium blonde with some brown tones.  The light brown was a good match.  It helps conceal a larger part or thinning areas of the hair.  The small ones are great for travel too.
Biolage used to be my favorite shampoo and conditioner until I got the abba Moisture shampoo and conditioner. Especially for normal or fine hair, if you use the shampoo and conditioner, your hair will come out like silk and lay perfect (with no weighed down residue feeling) after a blow dry!
1601	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Every time I get a Zoya, it becomes my new favorite color and this is no exception!! This is a dark denim bluish purple color. I have fair/medium skin, and this is a beautiful color that is not too overwhelming.
6703	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Got this on sale and I love it! Makes perfect large beautiful curls or waves. Great for volume on short hair or waves and curls on long hair. Hot Tools is a great brand
2732	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	MY favorite combination!
9585	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this is the best sun screen that I have ever used.
It does seem to dry out and remove acne overnight though
2194	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this eye balm for day time. It's nice and light and doesn't feel heavy on my eyes. It's perfect to wear under makeup. I don't use it at night because I like a heavier eye cream.
6441	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased Mario Badescu before. I like that it works well with sensitive skin. This one is almost gel like and it gets absorbed quickly and deeply. Very hydrating. Thanks!
This nutrient moisutrizer has the main ingredients organic white grape juice (hence Juice beauty!), organic aloe juice, organic shea butter, vegetable glycerin, carnauba wax, jojoba seed oil, evening primrose oil, linseed oil and some other seed oils and flower extracts such as marigold flower extract, chammomile leaf extract, and some algaes and ylang ylang etc. So as you can see the list is exhaustive, they have almost every oil that softens the skin and gives it a glow as well as repairs wrinkles (such as Vitamin E/tocopherol).
I've also used Juice Beauty's Green Apple Age Defy Moisturizer, and it had the added benefit of minimizing the pores around my nose; however I feel this Nutrient Moisturizer formula works best, with wonderful radiant results.
7536	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great cream - like Vichy's other products, this cream comes in a convenient and easy to open jar - there's enough to last quite a while, even with daily applications...
7493	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a leave-in hair conditioner so a little goes a very very long way.
3433	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty color - rich and goes with any season
7665	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Nia24 products
8108	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I couldn't wait to get this lip butter after hearing so many people rave about how good they were.  I must say I wasn't impressed, especially for the price!  I will stick to my nivea lip butters
HOW WOULD THIS BE FOR PHOTOS?
6097	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Has a lovely fresh smell, without being overpowering. Creamy, with only the lightest amount of abrasion. Left my face very soft.
488	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After years of wearing MAC cosmetics, I had no idea what I was missing out on. With the MAC makeup I wore, my face would appear very matte and dry. I went into MAC a couple times and asked how i could correct this and they recommended bronzer, a finishing shine powder, primer, finishing spray....I bought it all. None did what I really wanted but I didn't know better. Dermablend has done exactly what I had been looking for. The finished product looks hydrated and natural, more of a satin finish. The application is super easy also. I watched a video on the Dermablend website which basically is 4 steps: 1) Put a small amount on the back of your hand 2) Dab it onto your face 3) Blend 4) Use setting powder. The coverage is medium to full and a little bit goes a long way. The pigment saturation had me wonderfully surprised. I felt like very little did a great job covering my freckles. I've never had a makeup cover so well without the cakey feeling. I have been telling everyone about this makeup after using it for over a week everyday. I love it!!
1751	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT!
Honestly, I had my doubts about it at first because it seems a little heavy coming out of the tube, but once I started to work it into my skin I discovered that it absorbs quickly and leaves my skin feeling well hydrated and soft.  I had never heard of Baxter until recently, but now I use their mint hair conditioner too and I absolutely love it.  So, guess I'm becoming a believer in Baxter products!
428	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife is a die hard makeup fan, she watches YouTube videos daily about makeup and what not, so when I mentioned Dermablend to her, she knew right away what is was. She is a natural/buff beige in color, but like to have different shades of foundation for the summer, because your skin tone will depend by how much your out in the sun. She said it provides great coverage, a little goes a long way, does not need to be caked on and leaves her face looking great. The product is a little pricey, but will last a long time, overall great Product, 5 Stars

9645	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Where has this been! I have oily skin, and even is the desert where I live I become shiny within an hour of Jane Iredale PurePressed powder. While this goes on a little white, it soaks in and keeps my face shine-free most days ALL DAY. In humid environments I'll stay shine free for at least 4-5 hours. Plus, I love that Jane Iredale has no toxic chemicals.

6270	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite Billy Jealousy face wash I have used.
If you have sensitive skin, I definitely recommend checking this out to test and see if your skin will behave with this one.  I'm still quite shocked how well it has done for me!
More tips on application: like straightening or curling, you need to apply a little bit to sections of your hair. So I'll section off a part around my crown, sprinkle in the powder and really pat it around with my fingers. Do that with the next section. Sometimes I do get overzealous and put on too much. Either way, I use a brush at the end to better distribute the powder.  Sometimes I do this so carefully and it takes enough time that I wonder why I didn't just wash my hair.. but it's still worth it. Oh and I cannot stress that this is minimal residue! That's my favorite part about it.
6130	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic moisturizer for combination skin prone to breakouts. Smells wonderful, light and easily absorbed. Leaves my skin feeling velvety and fresh and also cleans out my pores gently. Love it.
5. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL INTENSE POWDERCAMO (NO SPF):
4595	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this shampoo!  Makes my hair smell good and feel soft while being manageable (it is very thick and curly).  My order came quickly and was well packaged.  Good price.  I recommend this seller.


This hits a lot of things right for men.
Apply with your fingertip, using a light tapping motion to apply product to your skin.  Pay close attention to areas that are scarred or discolored.  I recommend starting with your discolored areas first, and after they are blended with the rest of your skin tone, apply a small amount of of this foundation to the rest of our face.  Blend blend blend, and then set with loose powder.
It's distinct.  I think women will like it on their guy.
3463	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color

Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.
Overall I was really impressed by this lip balm and would definitely order more. I love how it is non-greasy and non-waxy and looks really natural in that it does not have glitter or pearlescence.  This may be my new favourite for daytime use.
124	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My standard color, a great red.
As I've matured, I do pay closer attention to my skin and it's needs. I've started doing the "give it what it needs" skin treatments. I like this moisturizing serum and the flexibility it offers. Its effective with just the serum on my oily T-zone, while my dry cheeks get a moisturizer with a serum topper. When the T-zone needs no help at all it gets nothing, while my cheeks get the usual moisturizer + serum treatment.


3468	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color
7127	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thank goodness for Jack Black hair products. I apologize for bragging, but my hair looks great and it doesn't smell like icky perfume. I get terrible headaches from most hair products (mostly from the synthetic fragrances that are added) and it's been challenging to find shampoo and conditioner that works well without the stinky additives. I know this product line is marketed toward men, but it works great for men's and women's hair.
7774	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Does not work as well on break-outs as thought.
So--the scent is really nice. I was neither crazy about it nor hated it when I first tried this, but as I've been using it the scent has grown on me to the point I can say I genuinely like it.
Use a brush (synthetic bristles are less likely to leave you with crumbs of foundation and bristles in the product) or a sponge to apply this foundation. Patting and building up layers of coverage will work better than trying to sweep it across your skin, because it is dry rather than creamy. I'd say it requires a bit more time and skill to apply well than other formulations. It gives you a natural look and a powder finish. You won't feel it after application.
6016	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This simple toner has about 6-7 ingredients in it. That's it! Seaweed is excellent for your skin, and this soothing cleanser makes my face feel like a million bucks after I put it on. I use it as a follow up to the glycolic cleanser and it's a great combo. My skin looks fabulous and the smell is comforting (it's a bit powdery, which I'm not sure where this comes from since there's no 'parfum' or 'fragrance' listed in the ingredients). Highly recommend.
This is a very classy compact with a larger mirror inside and a leatherette topped puff. You are supposed to powder this on and then wait two minutes and buff it off.
1315	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	at covering thinning areas of hair. I've never tried any other brand of hair building fibers but this one covers and blends well. Looks like your hair if you match the color properly. I have yet to find a way to keep it from spreading all over the sink and countertop in the bathroom though.
Dermablend Cover Creme is not heavy and blends easily.  It is great for covering imperfections.  I finally got the setting powder which made a lot of difference.
After one week of using this product, I noticed my pores were definitely not as noticeable and my acne was greatly improving! I was still thinking there's no way this product is this great! I also noticed that my skin looked brighter and healthier as well.
9155	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	..But not a "miracle worker that makes zits completely disappear by the next day" lol. A visible improvement over night, reduction in size of blemish but still a lot redness.

2981	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My husband loves this shaving kit. Would he or I ever actually pay for it? No.

8788	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Warning. This product contains peanut oil. Not only does it not work, it could kill someone with a peanut allergy. Great job, Mario.
5734	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I hope they make this product for a long time.  My hair has thinned out a lot, with this product you can not tell.
3976	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Well, I like this a lot more than I anticipated.  I've shied away from loose powders and especially transparent  powders.  I guess I had an idea that they were difficult to use and didn't really cover or do much of anything.
5337	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Makes my skin feel great
It turns white and has no smell that I can detect. It helps clear my blackheads and pores very nicely.  Will use again and again.  My husband also tried it once, but he's just not all that patient to sit around doing stuff to his skin.  He's a manly man, so I didn't expect that he would latch on to any skin regime.
5219	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	MY FAVORITE HAIR SPRAY
524	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is by far the best foundation I have ever used. The coverage is something that you get from a high end foundation and I can honestly compare the coverage to Kat Von D's Tattoo Coverage Foundation. A few swipes with a large brush and you have the best coverage. It blends with your other makeup for a flawless finish that lasts through what you put it through. I sweat a lot with it being summer and this stuff doesn't clog my pores but stays in place and gives me full coverage all day. I love this foundation and will continue to use it. It works so great but doesn't cost as much as the other stuff which is great. Love it so much.
I wash my hair every other day, but I rinse it with water on the day I do not use shampoo, as Toppik can come off on your pillow.
As it dries, Tocade is almost hysterically sweet and on the edge of cloying. Tocade seems to be the mother to Roucel's other over-the-top sweeties, like Lolita Lempicka's L & Coral and Dunhill Desire for Woman. Of these, I can tolerate Dunhill Desire. Hardly a ringing endorsement. Yet, I'm growing quite fond of Roucel's other affordable masterpieces - Oro & L'Instant.
5321	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love love love--my favorite scrub!
4579	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product. makes my hair softer and shiner and doesn't make it look greasy!
4891	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The BEST Foundation and perfect for my skin color - which is incredibly difficult to match. Hides HYPERPIGMENTATION very well!!!
I have sensitive skin, with the occasional reddening and this works like a charm. It didn't leave my skin dried out. It cleared up the blemishes and tightened my pores even. I really enjoyed it and am willing to pay the price for it too.
It compares quite favorably to the Obsession for Men, and I think I like the Roma Uomo better because it has a more masculine note with a hint of woodsmoke.
- Smooth texture
582	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This full coverage sunscreen has many fine qualities. The color is very nice, though with maybe a hint too much orange for me. It blends beautifully and covers very well. I have a mole on my face that it mostly covered, but it did very well relative to other coverups I've tried.
Skin will regenerate faster and pain is also relieved. This cream is perfect for skin irritations, chapping, cracking of the epidermis and wounds that are slow to heal.
7554	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very, very, very smooth and rich cream.  Feels like a million bucks, with beautiful packaging to match.  It works as a moisturizer, but I can't say that I look a whole lot younger after using it for a few weeks.  Maybe that will kick in after a couple of months - for now my skin feels nice but I still think I'm getting older even though it's supposed to prevent aging.
The toner I don't use too often since I'm not exactly sure what it's for and because my skin gets really dry I'm scared that it will dry it out even more or you know... sting since I'm not sure if my skin has cracked or not. But I do love the scent of this! Again, the bottle is a good amount so it'll last you awhile.
shaving my bikini line. I've tried a ton of OTC and prescription products to resolve my ingrown hairs and post-shaving bumps without much success. I tried this product and have been using it for several weeks.

2900	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product worth the experience
1862	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is so lovely! The product only requires one coat and it lasts for 7 days.
It smells amazing, leaves your scalp tingly, and your hair feels nice 'n clean.
Morrocan oil works very well to smooth and soften my wild frizzy hair.  A little bit goes a long way.  it makes my hair straight, soft and sleek (with a little help from an iron) without heaviness and even a little resistant to humidity frizz. People think I'm a straight haired girl.  It smells nice.
Minimizes pores, evens skin out.

7591	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Product delivered expediently and obtained at a reasonable price.
- Kasia S.
To get the best control over where the fibers go, it's best to hold the can as close to the head as possible and ever so lightly aggitate the can to shake just enough and where you want it. There is no reason to hold it high above the head - in fact, if you do, fiber will go every which way and may go where its not needed. They make a special applicator for the can to "spray" the fiber, but I find it more efficient to just apply keeping the regular can shaker top close to the head. For the front close to the hairline, it's best to apply back away from the hairline at first and let the fibers naturally fall forward as needed. If you apply too close to the hairline, it may look too fake. You can always come a bit closer and apply.
It also makes a great hand scrub for men who work with their hands a lot - construction, etc. It helps soften up the palms and helps get rid of any calluses/  thick/dry skin and leaves your hands soft and smooth. You only need a little bit, whether for you face or hands, so the tube is going to last  a LONG time. The tube is pretty big. 4oz doesn't sound like a lot, but once you see the size of the tube and how little you actually need to use, you will realize it is going to last a lot longer than it sounds.

9364	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like to look my best and use facial moisturizers and creams. I get the occasional breakout so I wanted to try this product. Its organic and includes CoQ10 and Vitamin C, both of which are great vitamins for the face. It is supposed to not only reduce blemishes but hydrate the skin. This is all really positive.

So, for eight or nine days, I lathered on the lotions and creams I had.  I still had itching problems on my back and name of my neck.  Today, this
1211	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It always works for me
281	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Opi makes the best nail polish by far and there colors are always beautiful and come out with a solid shiny vibrant finish.

5664	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	There is only one thing to say  " it really works" Love it and no more bald looking spots !!!

7210	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best pressed powder for over 50!  Love it been using it forever.
3373	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good grief, I wish I'd tried this product years ago.  What formerly took me an hour (base coat, 2 coats of color, top coat) and even then wasn't thoroughly dry, now took me 25 minutes and it's DRY.  I mean, I tried to smudge it on purpose, about 3 minutes after the "totally dry" time, and it did not budge.  No more pushed-away color!  This is a must-have for me, from now on.
5025	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have dry skin and I really love this product. The sensation of it on your skin is very soothing as it hydrates the skin rather well. It works great as a base - keeps my foundation and blush in place all day. A lot pricey but it does as advertised.
2997	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a huge fan of PCA Skincare! I use this along with their Sensi Peel and it keeps my skin soft and smooth post peel. Love!
6928	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This clear gel lets me see what I am doing and works better than puffy white shaving cream. This product works as well as the more expensive spa branded products.  Buying Zirh products makes sense because of the savings.

3971	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent results  - use on top of foundation.  Eliminates emergence of oil and shine, leaving a  nice even matte finish for hours.  When worn all day, it seems that a mid-day or early afternoon touchup is in order.  Translucent and does not seem to affect the foundation shade. Nice silky feel.
As for sunscreen, it also does work, if that is what you are looking for.  I am not a big fan of this type of sunscreen, but I knew that this had it when I got it, so that is not an issue in my rating.
7903	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the top of the lie in hair fibers.  I have to stay on a budget and use 2nd and 3rd best at times due to price.
7651	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	its the best for me 
4685	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This scrub is the best. It's hydrating and non-abrasive, but still gets the job done exfoliating. The product is natural (which is awesome) so you should shake the bottle before every use as it separates. I use it a few times a week. All Mario Badescu products I have tried, I love.
2093	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	it's not as bright as the picture -- it's like a neon grass green in reality --- and i can't get enough of it! it's such a unique color... a must buy for the polish obsessed!
4825	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This conditioner is amazing. It keeps my hair looking vibrant much longer than regular conditioner and the smell is fantastic. I hate running out because my hair is noticeably more faded when I don't have it. I would recommend this to anyone with colored copper hair.
Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.
3431	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great deep pink. I have to say OPI has great polish.
My main caveat is that it's very expensive for such a small bottle. Fortunately you don't need to use a lot each time you wash your face, but given the many options out there, I would be more likely to buy this on a regular basis if the price point was lower.
4189	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great toner!!
3148	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this product in the "clean" line and another one too.  This one was the better of the two.  It really does smell clean like fresh linen.  The problem with this is it does not last long enough just like the other one didn't.  You can layer some of these, but I tried that and got a rash so I use one at a time.  I liked the smell of this, it's really nice, but would not purchase again.
4515	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I used this cleansing product and it did a good job of gently cleaning my skin but left my skin feeling like their was still more to go. I'll continue to experiment with it.
8719	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good product but feel not so well.
I used this eye make up remover judiciously, shaking the bottle well as instructed,  taking a small amount in a cotton ball and applying it to my eye. One or two swipes did the trick, my mascara and eye shadow came completely off. There was no residue at all. This is primarily made for waterproof makeup which I do not use. It is paraben free.
7557	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Im new to Vichy, so I wasn't sure what to expect. Some rich cream moisturizers leave my skin feeling overloaded and prone to breakouts, some dont. Vichy, fortunately, fell into the latter category. Not only does it moisturize without feeling heavy or greasy, but it also lasts. Dry spots around my nose and chin stayed hydrated and happy all day without making a reappearance after just a few hours. I love the mirror lid too. Its handy for when you're applying the product on the go and aren't near a mirror. If they make a lighter version of Aqualia Thermal I'd definitely buy it and reserve the rich version for a night moisturizer before bed.
This product may cause stinging when you first begin to use it, especially if you have never used glycolic acid products before. It wasn't that bad for me, and would only sting for a few seconds, so I didn't have any issues continuing to use the 20% strength. However, if you do have really sensitive skin, I suggest that you start with the 10 or 15% strength glycolic acid pads. Glycolix makes those strengths as well. Good luck!
8437	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I wasn't a fan of this cleanser at all. It's gooey, messy, and feels like cement mix. Also there are many black specs in it that sticks to everything, and not just your skin. These black specs will stick to your sink or shower. The consistency here is not pleasurable and I would old good old fashioned soap instead. A big pass here.
The results are lackluster at best, but the cream really does make your skin feel soft and moisturized even if it doesn't feel exfoliated.
7499	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this for about 10 years. This always makes my hair looks so shiny and smooth.
I am yellow-green person, and this polish is darn near perfect! It goes on smoothly, no streaking. I love it by itslef with two ccoats or layered over a pale like OPI "Playing the Peonies".
5876	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty.
I say this cream is a good product in the low to mid-price range. It feels great on the skin and didn't cause any redness or irritation which can be a problem for me. My face even felt great the next morning which is much better than dry again or sticky. It was soft and smooth. Plus it works well under makeup so if you're not going to buy five different creams like most companies want you to- this will suffice morning and night.
9968	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin.  Over the years I have tried many different things to help.  This is the second order of Proraso Shaving Soap I have made and I do not anticipate changing.  The product lasts a very long time and does not have an overwhelming scent.  This was good for me as I also don't do well with perfumes or lotions that have smells.  This shaving soap has a clean scent but very faint.  The most important thing is that this soap has improved my skin tremendously.  I use this shaving soap and switched to a DE razor.  Although my skin hasn't been perfect it has been a tremendous amount better using this combination than anything else I have tried through the years.  I am very happy with this purchase.
5688	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a life saver !!  I have 2-3 spots on top of my head where the hair is thinning - and I don't want to launch myself into getting hair plugs so a few shakes of this and problem solved !!!
5209	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using this on the left side of my face twice a day while using Neutrogena Triple Age Repair moisturizer in the morning and luxury brand SK-II Essential Power at night on the right side.  The Neutrogena/SK-II combo has been my normal routine for a few months now.
All in all this is a nice textured foundation.  When applied with a dampened Beauty Blender, it looks very natural, does not settle into the creases, and does not seem to oxidize.  I am not sure that anyone with oily skin would do well with this, but normal to dry skin would do well with it.  I would recommend a primer with it, but only a water based one.  I particularly liked the Hyaluronic acid serum under moisturizer combination best.
5502	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This blower brush is fantastic especially for ladies with baby fine hair my me. It gives it bounce and volume and shine. It's easy to use and you get very hair air which is something lacking in the other blower I had to return. I recommend this product highly.
6307	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cleanser makes my face feel very clean! It works up a rich lather, with a small amount of product. It doesn't feel harsh on my skin or dry my skin out!
7802	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used many Vichy products for women's skin care, so I was not afraid to use this product as a present for a man.  Vichy products user thermal water from France in their products.  This product is in elegant black packaging that is perfect for man.  It comes in a size that is easy to store in a bathroom or in a gym bag.  I applied a little bit of the cream om my hand.  It is soft, it absorbs quickly and has a lovely scent.  This product contains glycerin which seals skin moisture.

8164	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good
6556	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was introduced to this product on a cruise 3 years ago and have used it ever since! This is a very high quality product, excellent for sensitive skin.
1348	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I went through a major hair shed a couple of years ago, which was when I got my first Toppik Fibers. This product has helped preserve my vanity by hiding my widening part and other thin spots on my head. Toppik blends in so nicely and stays put until your next wash. I don't use the spray nozzle attachment, I just sprinkle it on and pat it out to blend in, as they demonstrate in the video on Toppik's website.
HOW DOES THIS CLEANSING SOAP PERFORM?
4805	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great shampoo and body wash that leaves your hair and skin feeling moisturized with the unique pleasant smell of Nordic Wood that helps you escape away.
709	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works well, smells very pleasant.
5142	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Although this small container seems a little pricey, it should last for a very long time.

7568	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good price for my favorite hair spray

4242	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	If you have ingrown hair just stop wasting ur money on those fake products and go to the dermatologist because they need to do a procedure. That's it!!! Problem resolved ;-)

5154	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My dcolletage looks better and better with each passing day!
9399	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love these sort of muted grayish purple shades, and this one is no exception. Good formula, good brush, good color. I'm just not sure why it's in a spring collection, because it seems more like a winter shade to me. Whatever, I like it.


4392	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I don't wear waterproof eye makeup very often, but still needed a product to remove it when needed. I wanted one that would effectively remove my eye makeup without taking forever, and causing eyelashes to come out, etc. Using this product has been so easy and takes off the eye make up quickly and effectively. Happy to add this product to my make up routine!
7382	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	If you are looking at this product because somehow the name implies that it's 'water' and therefore better than say, something with silicone? It's not. It has silicone.
6832	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great for Spot treatment. Dries up cystic acne within a couple of days. However, the bright pink formula is definitely noticeable and cannot be worn under makeup. I could use this only at night, which is why it got 4 stars. I have forgotten to rinse it off a couple of times when I've run out the door in the morning (without makeup), only to realize by the afternoon that no-one told me I had noticeable pink spots all over my face all day. A little embarrassing.
3835	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I am disappointed I bought this product. I hoped that it would exfoliate the skin, thus aiding in the fading of post acne marks. Unfortunately I experienced no results with this, even when I used it every night for several months. This led me to searching reviews online to see what others have experienced. I found out on Paula's Choice that this product contains so little glycolic acid that it's ineffective, and the pH is not in the range that would allow the acid to work properly on the skin even if there was enough of the acid. This explained why I was experiencing no results. The grapefruit and aloe vera in the product doesn't help my acne either (which one thinks it would), which makes me wonder if this product is simply 99% water. This is a large waste of money. When I use this, nothing happens and my skin is the same as when I don't use it. I still have the majority of the bottle and don't think I'll ever be able to finish it up because it's an unnecessary step that doesn't benefit my skin at all. If you are looking for a product to exfoliate with glycolic acid, try Ren's Glycol Lactic Radiance Renewal Mask. That product actually works and results in bright skin. Don't waste your money on this!
7513	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's not hard to create an emollient cream,  but making one that immediately sinks into your skin without any residual stickiness is a real feat.
-The face wash lathers well and leaves your face feeling clean and smooth!
My current cleansing habit as we approach the change in seasons is to use raw honey to clean my face, sometimes using Adzuki beans to slough off dead skin.  After cleansing I use rose water to tone or remove eye makeup.  I was also using Mario Badescu Rose hip oil around my super dry eyes.  I sometimes use Barbussa oil or natural Shea butter to moisturize - but as long as the weather is above 60 degrees these melt and sort of roll off my face, so I need a back up plan.  There is little to no scent in the moisture magnet.  The lotion is not terribly thick and it isn't runny, it is a medium consistency.  After my toner, I put a little rose hip oil around my eyes, and then a pea sized amount of the moisture magnet on the rest of my face.  The top has a small spout to deliver just the right amount of moisturizer in your hand, the bottle is a squeeze bottle.  I sometimes find with moisturizers that my oily regions get sort of slick with an all over moisturizer, I don't have that problem with the moisture magnet.  This keeps my face dewy and plump, but not oily or greasy.  The other thing I really worry about with moisturizers is clogging pores, since mine are huge, my pores do not seem to be any more plugged up than with the usual amount of dirt on the day to day.  I also can get cystic acne with some moisturizers, I have been using this for several weeks now and have not had a cystic acne breakout.

7284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	its a great powder, I never look to made up with this powder, also love it having sun screen in it.
9552	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product, lasts a long time
9755	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love when my wife's skin is soft and silky.  Lately though, she has been using products that don't last long and with the dry air, her skin gets rough and flaky.  When given the opportunity to try the Juice Beauty Nutrient Moisturizer, I thought, what the hay, it cant make things much worse.  So, the day we received the product, she tried it and what a difference.  Her skin radiated with softness for a real long time.  She said that with as dry as her skin was, it sucked right in but the next application stayed for a while.  She also said that a little of this product can go a long way which is good because it isn't cheap.  Anyway, I know that some of the reviews said that it made a heavy feel but my wife hasn't complained of that yet and I'm okay with it.  I will be getting this product again as long as she is willing to use it.
Face it guys, there's no miracle cure for hairloss - yet. Toppix is a good cosmetic choice for hiding hairloss, but if you're bald or otherwise don't have at least some hair to which Toppix can blend into, this may not work for you. You can always buy one of the smaller sizes to try out if unsure.


While the product is marketed to guys, I am sure that either sex could easily benefit from this superior formula! What a terrific gift this might make-- and the ample size makes it even nicer.  Easily, one of my favorite products!
3462	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i got don't bossa nova me around. more purple than i would like for a nude but still a pretty color
 It contains Certified Organic Ingredients including CoQ10, DMAE, peptides, vitamins and antioxidants.

This works just as well, if not better, than what I have from the dermatologist, and it's not as harsh on my skin. I love that you can layer it and treat pin-point treatment by type of acne. It allows me to balance my (normally) very dry skin while still treating my acne. I also (strangely) love the strong camphor smell of the drying lotion. I feel like I'm in a fancy spa.
6679	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The heat on this flat iron seems less than the babyliss I owned before (pink for breast awareness). I don't know if I got a bad batch but I will work around it to get the results I need.
With respect to frizz, this isn't doing much.  It doesn't promise to, so I am not going to lower my rating because of that.  But if you are looking for a multifunctional hair product, this might not be it.  (I use detanglers and oils afterwards to control frizz and if you do that, this could still work for you.)  It may be just too difficult to overcome the Georgia summer humidity.  But I still have to use all my anti-frizz products after I wash my hair.
3847	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This thinner is great for diluting your most stubbornly thick polishes. I use glitter polishes (which I mix all the time) and these tend to become 'glopy' after awhile so the thinner saves the day and enables me to use all my polishes.
9335	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This oil is exactly what my aging hair needs. Only use a tiny amount. Worth every dime.


FAVORABLE EWG RATING:  Toxicity?  Well, these are good, gentle products and generally have a good name and a very low toxicity rating by the Environmental Working Group (ewg.org).
6729	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	First off, I am loving all these reviews about burnt hair. If you haven't used this before- don't start on the hottest setting! Try and start on the lowest and work your way up. I have really long hair and curls normally do not stick well with any other curling iron. I use the hottest setting on my hair and my curls hold all day and then some. I don't use any product and I normally just let my hair air dry. Because I've been using this for years, I use it on the hottest setting and know how long to keep it in for. The only reason I do not rate this 5 stars is I always have to replace mine every year or two. It gets super squeaky in the spring and it hurts my ears, and it breaks really easily if you drop it (I have tile floors). But it works great....
The price was a little steep, but the three week trial kit this came in let me test drive it. I used each product in the trial kit as directed. After the three weeks had passed, my skin was clearing and managing the retinol very well! The brightness, tone and texture of my skin improved daily with very visible results! I decided to invest in all the full size versions of the products in the kit, and though it was pricey, it was completely worthwhile.
5021	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My feet were beginning to seem a bit neglected and dry with the winter arriving, and so when I got this as a Christmas gift I was eager to try it. It has a minty, herbal scent that I found attractive and fresh. It sunk in very fast, within fifteen minutes my feet were happy and attractive again. This stuff really works very well. I apply heavily, then put on cotton socks to help it sink in.
* Non-Scented
* Won't Help Extremely Dry Areas

So it is worth mentioning that this is safe product to use and will not have adverse effect on the skin and human body.  I like the fact that product comes with small puff which is used to distribute talk on the face once foundation is applied.  I love that talk helped even out the foundation color.  In spite of its while color, it did not change the essential color of the foundation, so no need to worry that your foundation shade will change. My skin was clean and oil free all day.  Skin has even texture.  And in the evening when I come home, it is easy to take off with the facial cleanser.  It does not leave heavy residue on the skin. After work, I often exercise, so another advantage of this product is that it will not "smudge" during exercise.  All in all, this is great product.  If I have to choose between applying primer on the skin and then foundation, or applying foundation first and then covering and smoothing it out with setting powder, I would go for the second option.  If for not other reason, then for the fact that it will not clog skin.
BURBERRY Weekend has a fresh, floral scent on me.

7984	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So I have used this product for years and swear by it. I started losing my hair at a very young age. By the time I was in my 50's I really needed to do something. Thank God this product was introduced to me, it really has changed my life. I can now get dressed and go out with confidence because all I need to is spray my hair with hair spray and then add this product to the spots that are balding. It makes a huge diffference and I recommend it to anyone who has hair loss. I  uaw it every day and no one knows I use anything!

9946	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't have sensitive skin, but opted for this over the green or red thinking that a sensitive skin product would feel all the better. I just completed my first shave and came away loving it. The thick/stiff cream in the container loaded up very easily into my brush after squeezing out excess water. A little goes a long way, I loaded the tip and was able to get coverage 3 times over my face and neck with a single load. A nice slick lather was produced - I have never felt a razor glide so effortlessly over my skin. After shaving i noticed that my skin started to tingle. It felt like menthol. This might bother some but I loved it.
So what does this mean for you?  Well, in my opinion the Vichy brand preformed very well against a drugstore day cream and a luxe night cream.  If you are on a budget, Vichy offers luxury perks at a price comparable to many drugstore brands.
Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.
1858	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful light blue color!!
9450	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the conditioner and when I use the mascara my lashes do not clump.  I would definitely order this product again.



1793	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love Essie but i am not thrilled about this color but too each his own..

158	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color. My girl friend loves it.
1892	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Zoya polishes and only one salon (other side of town, of course!) Sells them. This is a great color. I wanted something other than a nude/pink/classic red I could get away with at work, and this is perfect! I would describe it as a soft, smoky teal. Not too bright, but enough to get a second look and compliment. :)
2523	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This has a really great smell. I bought this for my wife and it works great. Smell is long lasting and not too overpowering. It has a great scent and is a good product. My wife likes the perfume as well.
I will say this, if you have regular access to Menscience Face Scrub, that's actually the best for Step 1. Problem is it's about 2-3 times more and is more for just pre-shave than whereas Liquidsand can be used all the time.
3181	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very satisfied.
7065	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin and this is the only product that my face does not breakout to or get a reddish irritation from after use.  I have been using Bioelement products for over ten years and the products are fantastic and not expensive to use like a lot of products out on the market.  Amazon has very good prices on all the products.
549	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Overall, I like this product. It is very creamy and easy to apply. Unfortunately, it was a bit darker than I was expecting but that was my fault.


3831	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My go to, holy grail toner. I have dry, sensitive, acne prone skin and my skin just loves this stuff. It makes my face so soft, glowy and makes it feel so clean. I literally have nothing negative to say about this!!
8845	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This candle smells like your eccentric old aunt's guest room. You know--the one who uses scented sachets in the bureau drawers and feeds you expired biscuits for tea.
3382	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty color!  Love OPI
4700	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic product.  Makes a wonderful overnight creme.
Glycerin
8886	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
Ultimately I was unable to continue using ANY of the products from JB. Emailed. The company is more interested in taking your $ and refuse to refund any of my purchases - even though I can't use any of them. So not only was I brushed off but I was outright told I could not get a refund even though they push clients to use the products passed the 45 day refund period. This company does not back their product. They will encourage you to use something else on their line OR continue using the acne kit, stating on the website, it can take several weeks (i.e. well over a month) to see if the "purge" will subside. A GOOD company would refund customers who are dissatisfied and having serious reactions to their products. I will warn you now, buy it, but be aware that getting a refund will be nearly impossible if your have problems.
The product I'd most brag about...the Vitamin C Serum....it keeps me looking much younger than I am and is the most effective product I've ever tried for keeping my Melasma at bay. When I ran out of the last bottle the spots came back slowly but surely and much darker..a true test of its efficacy. I highly recommend all MB products...they give you excellent results for a great price.
1213	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really love this stuff. It stays put with hairspray. I have been using it for a while and will keep on buying it. But I noticed if I have lots of hair products on the scalp, it doesn't "stick" as well. So, be careful not to put too much product close to the scalp.
After two months of use, my skin is possibly the best it has ever been.  I have very minimal to no breakouts. I don't have to wear much makeup at all beyond a little foundation or concealer to even out my color.  Lines by my eyes and mouth are reduced. Redness is gone.  Old acne scars and discolorations are fading. the texture is GREAT.  I have gotten compliments on my skin lately. (You look healthy / are glowing! / look so young! You can't be 38!) I almost wish I had taken before and after photos. I cant believe it, but I actually threw out all the other non-PCA skin care products in my cabinet without hesitation.

4099	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am running out of this product and just ordered two more so I won't be without when I start the New Year. To say I like this cuticle cream is an understatement. I am neglectful toward both my hands and nails. My cuticles are naturally sort of thick and rough and the situation is only complicated  because I am an amateur gardener. Needless to say, when I am emergency mode and can't get a professional mani or need a quick fix when my cuticles are gross I run for this product. A quick application which includes a massage of the cuticle results in soft and pliant cuticles that can be pushed back and trimmed effortlessly. The results last for days and my nails look nice even if I am only wearing a clear matte polish. Teamed up with the companion hand therapy my hands look good despite the fact that they are often subjected to a lot of abuse.
Very nice products indeed.  Enjoy!
2219	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am in love with these 20% glycolic pads. my skin is already looking clear and they use it with the skin lightener which makes it even better
737	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used the fibers alone with no problem. I just wanted to see if there was a difference if I added this product. I do like the added the support of the hold. But I could still use fibers alone.
6613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with Hot Tools!
9516	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It works brilliant, even on the lines between the eyebrows. The eyes look tighter, sleeker and younger. I saw results on the first use.
8884	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells amazing! Leaves you feeling very hydrated and it not greasy. I spray it in my face, neck, hair, hands, etc.
1439	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I got this hairbrush after years of lusting after it (yet not being able to justify to myself why one should spend so much on something like this). After seeing a recent onslaught of glowing comments about Mason Pearson products on sites like Into the Gloss, etc., I decided it would be worth the cost. I did select the kind that was designed for my hair type (long and fine, but lots of it). I am sorry to say that this hairbrush makes my hair all static-y and fluffy, and the bristles aren't long enough/straight enough to get all the way through my hair,so I would have to brush it in sections, which is kind of ludicrously time-consuming for so simple an act. However, the product is beautiful, as is the packaging, and it will look lovely lying around on my dressing table. Unless you're going for the status-symbolism element, I would say that, unfortunately, this item as a utilitarian product falls a bit short.
1877	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I get my nails and toes painted once a month for good measure, but I'm beginning to keep a small Essie Collection at home, especially for touch ups when I don't need to spend another 10 on a manicure, or when the manicure tends to chip a day or so after... I have REAL nails, so this is not to offend those with gels, schalack or anything else but real nails just chip faster!!!!!!!!! Great bargain and way cheaper than most retail outlet discount chains, including the shipping, if any at all.  My Key West color!! :)

3022	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just incredible! Thanks!
6214	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wear this every day. It protects your skin, gives it an even skin tone, and smooths out wrinkles. Highly recommended for guys!
My neighbor from across the street comes in.  She's brought some fresh-cut peonies from her garden for the owner.  I give her a hug.  She's a large, tall, strong woman who has always shown me affection.  Her smile makes me feel all lit up inside.
326	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	thanks so much!
The price was a little steep, but the three week trial kit this came in let me test drive it. I used each product in the trial kit as directed. After the three weeks had passed, my skin was clearing and managing the retinol very well! The brightness, tone and texture of my skin improved daily with very visible results! I decided to invest in all the full size versions of the products in the kit, and though it was pricey, it was completely worthwhile.

Not a "concealer", DermaBlend bc it stays.

1850	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Like most metallic shimmer colors, this chips easier than a cream (but I am hard on polish any time). The color is very unusual, it is almost a cool gold, not quite tan, undertone with a warm (not cool) silver metallic flash in the light. It goes on streaky, so needs two or three coats, although the streaks don't show when it's flashing silver, just when the base color shows. It is NOT gray. The base color is more prominent with just one coat.
It does not contain big 3s and that is a plus.

The tube is a very generous size (4oz) especially compared to women's night cream at the same cost. The lid could use a little re-design.
Texture: Not as smooth as other pencils I've used. Took longer to apply and had to keep smudging and fiddling with Q-tips to get a neat line. Didn't go on "evenly."
I'm not sure if one naming system is better than any others.  They weren't ever very descriptive of their contents, now were they expected to be.  English Leather didn't smell particularly English or particularly Leatherlike.
299	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color!
If you are looking for an effective make up remover that doesn't leave a greasy residue, then this is the one for you!
5859	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best topcoat.  It really does seal in the polish.  I find that if I use the Butter polish alone it chips within two days, but with this topcoat it won't chip for at least a week. It dries quickly and has a great sheen.  This is a wonderful investment.
4914	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used the Jane Iredale PurePressed powder for years.  Love it and won't use anything different.  It doesn't cause my skin to break out.  I was excited to find out that I can purchase through Amazon since it is significantly less expensive that paying retail at a Salon.  You are able to change the level of coverage you want by how you apply the powder.  I don't wear foundation with this powder.
6. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL QUICK-FIX BODY!! (NO SPF):


6124	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cleansing soap is awesome. It's the first time I've ever used an entire bottle of any facial cleanser. I follow washing with the matching seaweed toner by MB and it's wonderful as well. I have very fair, sensitive skin and this has been a big improvement to my facial health and appearance.
~The Rebecca Review
8.  After it is dried, then use a small makeup brush meant for cream (usually synthetic) and use that to conceal areas that might be very dark by dabbing gently over the area.
* Slight Scent of Soap(?)
6881	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is amazing! Put it on any blemishes that come up and usually by morning they are well on their way to GONE. Occasionally have to use for 2 to 3 days in a row..but with each application there's a noticable improvement. Love it!
The only drawback to this product is the packaging, which was not well thought out. The bottles are attached to the bottom of the box with super sticky glue pads that are nearly impossible to remove from the bottles, making the bottles difficult, if not impossible, to stand up.
2495	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This concealer is very creamy and has good coverage. Between this and the foundation, I would recommend getting the foundation which has equally good coverage but a lighter texture, and you'll get a lot more product for the money and a more versatile product.
5658	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have ordered Toppik before and it must have been the real thing because it worked better. This one
1698	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome color. The perfect dark blue.
I splashed some on myself, and a little squirt provides a lot of scent.  Use sparingly.  It lasts for hours.  If you like Calvin Klein scents, you will probably like this fragrance.  It's spicy and subtle simultaneously. It's complex with undertones and overtones.  I don't know another fragrance similar to it.
2471	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works!! love it!!
6401	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is almost the fastest repair cream for Elbows,and Heels I have ever used ,my husband had a bad sore on the back of his heel from his work boots after treating with antibiotic ointment  we began the second phase of heeling the heel ,we put this cream on fyi is a blue gel form and covered with clean socks over night within two nights the dead dry skin was gone .For myself I had dry elbows and after exfoliating  at night I rubbed this in good and to my surprise within three days the whitish  dry skin was gone .I swear by this I just got my second bottle to have for back up it works so good. I also use this on my feet at night just a thin coat and cover with socks over night to prepare for pedicure  season .I highly  recommend this product .
Overall a nice formula but $$ seems steep, so one star deducted.
It is not the strongest moisturizer. While the texture of this is like that of an oil, it does contain soap ingredients too, so it thoroughly lathers most of the moisture away, leaving you not at all greasy and only lightly moisturized. I still use lotion after, and I like the almond line lotion to harmonize with the scent of this.
It's not gonna stay on overnight. It's not going to stay put on the sides or back under a hat. I've even tried holding spray and it will work but I personally have to gel my hair so hard that it's not favorable all the time. Those are the only downsides. Take it from me and my friends..it works and its amazing :)
2918	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Dries my skin out really bad
This shave cream is thick, smells nice, and is super slippery. It rinses cleanly and does not leave your face feeling overly dry. I feel like I get a closer shave when using this shaving cream vs other lower end brands. My skin is more on the sensitive side and I have had no reaction to this face wash. A small dab goes a long way, which means this bottle will last a long time.
As far as after-effects, Calvin Klein ETERNITY "AQUA" is far more subtle, and that is how I love my men - clean, understated and relaxing. :=)
4550	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If I could only use one hair treatment, this would be it. Just comb a little bit through hair still damp. Gives incredible shine and sparkle.
186	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it, will buy it again
3424	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Brilliant color and beautiful results. Two coats is all it takes to get great current fashion color.
535	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've always had trouble with standard foundations finding my perfect shade of brown. Especially during the summer when i tan, i was really skeptical trying Dermablend, but i figured why not. The Professional Cover Creme *with SPF Foundation is the Perfect cover. Even without primer or touch up sticks, this will leave your skin looking smooth and flawless.
5384	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Def must to add to your beauty routine!


1694	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The first time using this polish and it is very thick and does not go on evenly. Won't let me return and I'm very disappointed. I won't be buying polish off Amazon again. I usually love Essie.
6674	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this mousse sparingly for my fine hair.  It does not leave hair stiff, but give a definite lift to hair.  The results last for a few days.
Using the product, I tried differing application methods:
6237	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The sprayer is not a very fine mist...and it's too expensive.
9735	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Bioelements for years and highly recommend it for dry skin. Everybody thinks I'm 20 years younger than I am!
5530	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like it work great on hair  make it look fuller great
2893	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Not sure how much good it is doing. Dr recommended it. I still see dark spots.
8982	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This curling iron was able to put a curl in my hair and make it stay all day without anything but hairspray. I have straight very silky hair and it will not do anything unless I load it up with hair product. Maybe this curling iron gets really hot, or the plating makes a difference, all I know is it works!
What I like is that:

This serum has a hyaluronic acid (hydrating, plumping) and antioxidants plus mushroom extract. It is tightening and feels good on the skin. A little goes long way.
6955	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I didn't expect to like this, thinking it was Just Another Basic Moisturizer (but with organic ingredients - yawn). But color me impressed.
This is a small two ounce bottle, however, it only takes a very small amount if you use it just on your face.
4518	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is unbelievable! I bought some yesterday and tried it out last night. I've had pretty bad breakouts lately but one on my neck was rather large and painful. I woke up this morning and it's FLAT! No pain, no bump, just amazing. I don't know where this has been my whole life but I'm never going without it now! This is the first product I've tried from Mario Badescu and I'm so impressed that I'm just going to switch over from all my current products.
7718	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I live in Florida and now that I'm retired, I don't wear make-up much anymore.  I have very fair skin with some blotches and imperfections.  There are times that I want to have a little bit of coverage to help even out my skin.  I actually used this product on my face and found it to be very nice.


Thanks
6117	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	We've been using this for several weeks, almost every day. Great skin care product as it cleanses without being harsh and leaves the skin feeling hydrated and smooth. Good for combination skin for young adults and middle aged faces
1898	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery, great price!
4702	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a top of the line moisturizer full of goodies for your skin.  It has a wonderful, smooth texture, not too greasy, not too thick.  It absorbs into the skin leaving it soft and supple the next morning.  It has a light citrusy scent that is natural to the ingredients in it.  No fragrance is added.  I have oily and aging skin and this has been perfect for me.  No breakouts.  I didn't find the Sleepwear for Oily Skin to be moisturizing enough.  Highly recommend this for any skin type.
6885	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff. Works like a charm. Mario Badescu has some great products and I love the drying lotion. I have cystic acne that never goes away and this takes care of it. I've tried Proactive, Actutane and loads of other things that couldn't touch it, but this really works. Plus I have sensitive skin and this doesn't bother it at all.
5493	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used a double edged razor and various types of shaving cream over the years.  If I have learned anything from this it is that you need a good razor, a good blade, good technique, and a good shaving cream for the best shave.  And if you use a double edged blade you likely shave in multiple directions to get the closest shave.  This may get a close shave but also increases the risk for skin irritation.  So there is somewhat of a trade-off.  I have found using shaving cream that you apply with a brush works best, but there are times when I just need a quick shave and will use a shaving foam from a can instead.  Historically, this has not resulted in a very close shave and has left some irritation in the process.  So it is in this context that I was very interested to try this Vichy Homme shaving foam.

I remember a boss telling me years ago to get DermaBlend to cover a leg tattoo.
3936	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Soap lathers extremely well, smells good--very clean scent, nothing terribly creative--and does not result in dry or itchy or red skin. No breakouts. I love that the soap is in a sea shell shape as well. I can see possibly purchasing these for gifts/gift boxes one day. Though intended for the body, the decorativeness means it'd also make a good hand soap.
Since the expense of a surgical face lift is beyond the reach of most of us, this is the next best thing.
5584	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Color great, too pricey

4620	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	While this moisturizer has some good ingredients and an acceptable aroma, it feels sticky on the skin well after applying and doesn't really absorb as well as it should - which is saying something in my case because my dry skin tends to suck up all moisture that even comes close.  I also have sensitive skin, and it kinda burns just a little.  I really WANTED to like this product after looking at the list of organic ingredients, but I just don't.
3791	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have combo skin and have been using this a couple times a week for the past 2 weeks. Unfortunately I do not see ANY positive difference to my skin whatsoever. Actually, my skin is looking TERRIBLE now from it. I have been breaking out with cystic acne on my cheeks, zits and bumps all over my jawline and forehead. I also notice my skin peeling only on my forehead. I recommend to stay away from this product! Just skip it, it sounds too good to be true because it is! Don't waste your money and time on it.
2884	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really easy application and stays put, no smearing at all - even if my eye waters. The black color is very black, no grey in it at all.
7609	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You will be hard to find a better neck and decollate cream.  Have used for 5 years and I think it is a great product
2191	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I already owned a black Elchim hair dryer for over a decade. Never had a problem with it. A friend of mine needed a hair dryer and I gave her a non-descript one I had  in my Guest Bathroom. Then I saw that this was offered on Amazon and ordered it in white. It's identical to the one from 2001, which is now in my Guest Bathroom for all my guests to use.  The newer model has a tad more power and is both attractive , easy to use , not loaded with unnecessary features. It is AS exactly described and dries my very thick long hair to perfection very quickly. There is a cold switch if you need to have your temperature a little lower, Medium as well as High for heat . Also three variables for speed. It's Made in Italy... What more can I say? This is the best hair dryer you can spend your money on and a worthy investment. Enjoy! 
8226	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color. got many compliments. goes on smooth
8814	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very very very sensitive, oily skin prone to redness. This has replaced all other cleansers because it does what its meant to do, and DOES NOT STRIP THE OIL. My skin is balanced and clear, and as with all Mario Badescu products, this is the absolute end-all for me in terms of comfort. Zero irritation. Trying new face products is always a gamble for me, but not anymore. Im 26 and have been hunting since I was 13 for the right skincare line. Finally found it!

I can't imagine doing my makeup without this now and am so pleased with the results. I've wanted to try a floral water for a long time, this is my very first one and I'm sticking with it. L O V E it. Can't recommend it enough.
There's just no way I would repurchase this based on it's current price; I would pay, perhaps, one-third of that price for this.  Which is sad, when I have actually considered other Vincent Longo products to be excellent values.  It's also a small tube, considering that you will be using a pea-sized amount each day.
7910	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	the container is too small ,,, it is much smaller then the applicator, so i cannot use it at all


The herbal toner: The toner comes in a squeeze bottle with a flip top cap. The scent is a light herbal. It is a thin, clear liquid that is easily applied using a cotton ball or pad. Since my wife keeps a good stock of cotton cosmetic pads in our bathroom, I used those. Scrubbing these around my face seemed to remove a good amount of dead skin cells and other debris that the wash didn't take off.
520	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	While I am not a fan of some of Dermablend's other products (their foundation in a tube products), the Cover Crme line excels.  It applies easily, and a small application covers very well.  You don't really notice it on your face, and it doesn't get cakey.
Other than those two issues this is a great product line for men!
3689	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does a great job camouflaging pimples and pimple scars.
I use a translucent face powder--oh so lightly--to set this foundation. It lasts all day (though I have always made a conscious effort not to touch my face much during the day). My only complaint? I don't know how--or if--I can ever go back to my $10 foundation again. I can't! I'm hooked on this Vincent Longo. I also had the pleasure of trying out their blush--and I love that product too.
6573	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this facial spray! Great for sensitive skin.
9639	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had forgotten how much I loved the scent of almond in beauty products until I tried this. I think the scent of this shower oil is amazing. (Your opinion, of course, will depend on whether or not you like almond-scented products.)
Looks fuchsia in the tube but on my pigmented lips it has a Violet tinge. Nice bright shade for the summer
3443	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color. Sheer stylish, love!
6871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff.  I agree with another reviewed that you can get a different brand at a much cheaper price.  Or you could try just plain Calamine lotion.  However, this is great for spot treatment and I am happy with it.
The one thing I'll say is I had some confusion getting the "arm" into the right position. You have to lift up out of the lock position and adjust it into the proper position. And then you have to keep it in that position to get the tension you need to press down enough to clip. I couldn't get it to stay in position for a while but then I got used to it and it became an easier process. It's a matter of simply getting used to a new way of doing something. When you're done, it locks back into a flat line but I had to fiddle with it to figure that part out, too.
I tried going back to my usual cleaner and noticed that my skin was a lot less irritated. So there's something in this making my skin irritated and I don't even have super sensitive skin. I have combination skin and as nice as this smells, it didn't work for me.
4491	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you are a fan of micellar water and have a bit of an oil problem, then you have found the right one here!
The formula in my opinion is thick but it won't make your hair really greasy. My hair stylist told me that I can leave it all night long and rinse off next morning. Also if you would like to you can put about a dime size and style your hair. I love this product.
3890	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is just, oh my dear, magic in a bottle! My nails have always always been dry brittle and rip so easy. I could never have long beautiful strong nails but with this my nails are absolutely amazing! My nails are strong even when the nail Polish isn't on. For the first time in my life my nails are strong and and long.
2429	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this Replenix Trans-Retinol Smoothing Serum!! I use it every morning as the last thing I apply before my make up. It's a great source of Retinol and not drying in any way. It is a great way to get the much needed retinol for wrinkle control without any dry or flaking results afterwards. Great product that I love!!
The Moisturizer....Also very similar to the Cetaphil moisturizer
1491	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Very thin, streaks and dries slowly, slowly
4011	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using different brands of Micellar Water for about a year. This is hands down the best one I have tried. I have sensitive skin, so the oil prevention one will not work. With the addition of B5 and the mineral rich water to fortify the skin, it is the winner hands-down. I didn't even put make up on today and took a shower before I went to bed. I have not done too much of anything today, so my face should not be too dirty. The cotton pad shows dirt! It may take longer with makeup on, I don't know yet, I will carry some removal wipes just in case when I travel. But then I will follow up with this product to remove any other traces. I do not feel tightness, I just feel clean.

This product may cause stinging when you first begin to use it, especially if you have never used glycolic acid products before. It wasn't that bad for me, and would only sting for a few seconds, so I didn't have any issues continuing to use the 20% strength. However, if you do have really sensitive skin, I suggest that you start with the 10 or 15% strength glycolic acid pads. Glycolix makes those strengths as well. Good luck!



9716	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This smells so fresh. Much better than the other Burberry women's perfumes.

- a pleasure to clean : I clean all my razors after use and like wise with this razor to maintain its glow and shine , I simply run warm water where the blade sits and use a soft toothbrush to scrub and reach those ridges. The material is of high quality there fore if maintained in the right way, this razor will last for a long time.

7833	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My husband has a spmewhat heavy beard and he likes this shave gel. He found IT gentle and soothing.  It ceratet an  adequate amount of fram and wholesome applied to the Facebook moisturized without leaving a greasy residue.
9167	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I rarely get zits... But when I do they come in pairs lol this is a pimple destroyer ! Gets rid of it ... Probably I would say in 3 days . This helps me not pop them
This product is excellent! I have been using this for about a year now and it has drastically improved my under eye area. My problem is that I have sunken eyes (which Teamine can't help), but I was really upset because years of using heavy useless eye creams had made the skin underneath my eyes resemble chicken skin (almost like a bunch of little pimples). I was so frustrated because it made me look so much older and tired. I thought that there was nothing I could do about but the Teamine has worked wonders. I also have dark circles (not so much anymore since the Teamine).
3145	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	CLEAN Fresh Laundry is a nice fruity-floral scent.
7191	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this stuff I mean it has finally set me free from having to shower EVERY morning.  Let me stress that I have tried so many other dry shampoos and it did not help or made my hair feel gross.  I bought this the first time to give a try when I was traveling for almost 24hrs my hair would get so oily and a little bit of this was all I needed.  I have dark hair and the powder is white so yes if you use a lot you can see it a little bit, however if you take a few min to work it in you cant see it anymore!  It is a little pricey but for me it is well worth it, I NEVERRRR thought I would be able to go a day or 2 without washing my hair and looking disgusting and was so jealous of all my friends who were able to do that but now I can! Saves me so much time in the morning not having to blow dry and style every day.  It's a really light weight powder and almost has a bit of grit in the powder which makes my hair feel clean and freshened while giving it lift.  In my opinion this is what makes it better then any other because it does more then soak up oil.
6622	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Originally, I loved this iron. However, after a couple of months, it stopped working properly. The light flashes and doesn't heat continually, so it was definitely faulty. I contacted the seller and they said they could do nothing about it. So, it was a waste of money.
Obsession starts out very potent and smells cheapy but, after a few minutes, mellows out and leaves a very mature scent behind that lasts for much of the day.  I work in retail during my days and I found that three sprays (arms and neck) lingers pleasantly for an entire 8-hour shift (including lunch) to the point where my fianc notices the scent when I get home from work.
The textures and colors are different than any skin care items I've tried before. They aren't like a lotion or soap, but especially the wash feels very liquidy. The color was initially a turn-off (think poop brown), but if feels good going on, smells neutral (like a multivitamin actually), and based on my experience, it works.

I would be interested in trying a different shade, but would probably supplement it with a little lip balm for moisturizing purposes.
575	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dermablend is second to none. They cover every single flaw you could possibly imagine. Their products stay on until you decide to take them off. Coverage is even, colors are realistic and they are simply a fantastic brand that I would recommend highly.
9647	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Plumps lips nicely - wish it stayed on longer


4512	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very good makeup remover and cleanser. Even when I don't wear makeup, I can really tell how much gunk this stuff takes off just from looking at the cotton ball. But like a few people noted, I couldn't just let my skin air dry after using this and had to rinse with water to get a clean feeling.
4445	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wash my face in the shower every morning.  I want to wash it every night, as well, but I dislike the splashing-water-in-my-face thing.  What's nice about Purete Thermale is that it doesn't need to be washed off.  Now, I can't vouch for how well it removes makeup because I don't wear any, but it does refresh my skin and adds a bit of moisture.  It doesn't dry like alcohol.  So far, no negative effects.  I would consider it my favorite facial cleanser to date.

2959	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When I ordered this product from Amazon Vine..I did not realize it was a Male Facial Scrub. While my Husband was happy to have it, I decided to try it because I am the reviewer in the family (his reviews consist of "I like it" and "it's good").
My only con is the font on the label is in silver and quite small and very difficult to read.
Application wise, it's consistent with the great user experience I've come to expect from Zoya.  It is easy to apply evenly and doesn't go on streaky.  I also find this to be pretty pigmented, so for me 2 thin coats has been perfect to get a more opaque look.
2923	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this line of products, it comes in a large bottle and smells great. The soap goes a long way too, you only have to use a small amount which is convenient.
This is perfect for some many things but really great for fair skin and keeping your face from shinning. It gives it a matte look which I love! It also looks natural, as if you have nothing on. I am glad I found this. I will be making the switch.
Leaves your hair healthy and no yellowish strike,

4407	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great and cuts right through mascara and eye makeup without having to rub. I have no eye irritation during or after use. This product works in a similar way that another high end makeup line eye makeup remover does. (One I always used in the past.) I need to shake together the the two liquids right before adding it to a cotton pad before wiping eyes clean. Clearly with the shaking and liquid separation there is some sort of oil and water mixing going on, but the final effect does not leave your eyes looking or feeling greasy.
4674	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Super creamy like  silk yet not greasy.  Very generous size.  One of the best hand creams Ive tried and it smells amazing,  wish they made a perfume with this scent it's super soft  and relaxing,  Plus my hands feel amazing!




5677	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have a child suffering from Trichotillomania and will say that this stuff has been a life saver.  We are able to avoid the need of a wig thanks to this product.  I'm not saying it is a perfect product because it can be scratched off or easily removed by water so it isn't an option for swimming, but I'm thrilled with it because my child is able to go to school without a wig which is very big deal for us.
5550	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It always works for me
6204	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Unlike many other moisturizers with SPF, this one goes on smooth and blends completely into the skin.  Doesn't leave your skin with a pale, other-worldly look.
3613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You will love this product and order again and again!
9945	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.
More generous application in problem areas
6577	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice but I don't think it does much. Refreshing during hot summer days and I use this on my cosmetic sponges before blending my concealer.

4376	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product in conjunction with the lotion, the cleanser, & the face cream.  The rosacea product line by Pevonia is the only line that gives me relief from the itching, burning, & redness caused by my rosacea.  The products are not inexpensive, but it is a fantastic investment in my skin!
3605	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Only tried it twice and really seemed to help dry up or bring out the pimples I had. Will continue to use with my other products. The sulfur spot treatments seem to work the best for me. The only thing I don't like is that it is so runny. Hard to get the right amount out to apply to one pimple.

4979	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These products consider the fact that mens skin is thicker and oilier than womens skin, and the products worked for me as advertized. The daily face wash dries and cleans oily skin and left my skin feeling clean. A little of the cream produced plenty of foam. I then used the alcohol free herbal mint toner that left my skin feeling fresh and made it look healthy and more shinny. It had a nice fragrance. Just as women need to moisturize their skin for health reasons and to make their skin look alive, so too do men, and the oil free moisturizer, which I applied liberally to my face and neck, gave my skin an elasticity and seemed to help combat the aging process of the skin.
Like with any tanner, wear dark clothing during the drying time so you don't "tan" your clothing. I also avoid sitting on my beige sofa until fully dry.
You may also find yourself using this on your face or on areas where you want to see a decrease in wrinkles.

1503	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I usually love Zoya, but the black is the worst black I have ever bought in my entire life, and I wear a LOT of black nail polish. It's opaque, which makes it look really gross without multiple coats, but it's also drippy and tacky for a REALLY long time if you do thick enough coats for it to actually be black instead of a nasty watery grey. Just terrible. Would return it if it were worth the trouble. I did my nails this MORNING and it's already chipping.
8635	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It is a really good product for what it is, but for me it leaves a little to be desired. It's a mild exfoliant not super coarse. Could use daily, i use it 2-3 times per week. Makes my face feel like new!
2550	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Once again a JackBlack product that works- extremely cooling and soothing- especially after an electric shave- I must try more of Jack Black products

I was pleasantly surprised when about a half hour later the scent actually mellowed out into a pleasant fresh laundry scent that is neither overpowering nor overwhelmingly reminds me of Febreeze. It's very basic and clean, so it's a scent that I would feel comfortable wearing in most environments without fear of it knocking someone in the face. Now when I say that it mellowed, don't take this to mean that the scent disappears. It's still very much present and I can smell it on my wrists. It's definitely something I enjoy smelling and something I'd actually use quite a bit for everyday use at work and home. It's definitely not something I'd wear during a fancy event, but then I suppose that might also depend on the person. It's not the best cotton scent I've ever smelled and I'd have to reserve that 5 star rating for a now retired cotton scent from Bath & Body Works from years back. They have a similar scent, but it's not really the same.
This is a gelatinous goop. I slathered it on my face and neck, carefully avoiding my eyes, set a timer for ten minutes, and waited. The product does tingle quite a bit but it's rather a pleasant feeling. By the ten minute mark, it had almost dried up and felt a bit tight on my face. That too, was rather a pleasant feeling. It performs more like a masque than a peel. I took a washcloth with hot water to wash off the product. I didn't want to splash water on my face as I assumed that getting this in one's eyes wouldn't be a good thing.
Lauramide DEA
8764	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I alternate between this and the drying mask and I love it too. I can honestly say I have nothing negative to say about this line of skin care. The products are amazing and extremely affordable. I use this as a facial mask on my entire face and after about 10 minutes and once it dries and hardens I rinse it off. It doesn't have a bad odor and I love how soft and smooth my face feels after I use it. This is part of my nightly skin care routine. It's not rec to use every night so I use it every other night or 3 times a week. It's such a great mask, I'm obsessed.!!!

3107	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great men's body wash. It smells amazing without being too strong. It feels great for daily usage and really is just about perfect! Both flavors are great.
5335	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this product after borrowing a friends on a trip to the Middle East...this stuff is amazing what a life saver! I have light blonde hair and used to have to wash it daily because I felt my scalp looked oily...this stuff allows me to go a day or even 2 without washing! It smells great and gives my hair lots of volume as well. Also great for the gym after a workout if you don't have time to wash your hair. The bottle lasts FOREVER - so worth the $$$
I like the feel of it:  non-oily, dry, almost talc-y. Dense, yet easily spreadable.  And a dab covers quite a bit of territory.  But after 30 minutes, my skin feels no different than before.  Night Cream AHA is not entirely odorless for me;  it's got an elusive "nearly chemical" fragrance.  I'm grateful it's not spicy, floral, herb-like, or overly medicinal, and I'm also grateful it's not long-lasting.

Update on review: While Feathers work well in this razor, I find the Personna Lab Blues do better and last longer.  Astra Superior Platinums also work well.
4613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have very dry skin.. and wrinkles. How could I  not accept the offer to try Juice Beauty Green Apple Age Defy Moisturizer? I gave this one 3 stars out of the box, because no animal testing is done. Star #4 was because it has natural products and no heavy fragrance. Also, it moisturizes. I began using it the morning it arrived and have been using it morning and night for several days.

1385	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I didn't like this product at ALL.  It clumped when I put it on.  I will never buy it again.
3780	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this moisturizer for almost a year now and its the best. It is non-greasy and never leaves my skin feeling sticky. It absorbs within a few minutes and leaves my face moisturized all day. I've had trouble with breakouts in the past, but since switching to this moisturizer I rarely ever have a single break out. It's made such a huge difference and I recommend this to everybody that I know.
good stuff and not too expensive . recommended.
7858	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is thinning due to medications I am on--my hairdresser recently gave me layers and I was looking for an air brush with a smaller barrel.  I read the reviews on this air brush and decided I would go with this brand--one I haven't tried before.  I was afraid the smaller barrel might be too small, but to my surprise and delight, it is perfect and gives me such beautiful curls and is so easy to use.  It is definitely tangle free and dries my hair quickly and easily.  Love not having to bother with a round brush and dryer.  This just makes drying my hair such a breeze.  It is lightweight and does not come in a clam shell.  I let my hair air dry a while and then use the low setting and curling option.  Great product for me and I would recommend it.
5663	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great! I Couldn't live without it , my friend told me to try it cuz u was upset that I'm losing hair at a young age and being a woman. I use it after I wash and dry my hair. I keep it in my purse. Love it
4106	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful quality and presentation.  The kit is quite pleasing, the cremes and lotions are  wonderfully decadent and soothing.  I have no problem recommending this as a gift for a gentleman, young or old.  It was a joy to experience the art of shaving again.  I have become so accustom to the quick and easy electric shave that I forgot how much more effective and satisfying a true shave actually is.

Cons:
4963	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very clean, masculine scent. Compliments the shaving cream and after shave well.
6159	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This light pink cream is smooth and rich, but looks much paler on your finger and absorbs quickly into your face.  The SPF 15 is good for daily use but probably not strong enough for the beach.  It's pricey so you probably want to use it sparingly anyway - you get 2oz (a standard shot) for $24, whereas you can get a bottle of other SPF15 cream for $9-$12, even 4oz of your average face sunscreen is easily half the price .  It's definitely a pleasure to use, like all the MB products we have tried.
2702	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I liked this product, but I'm a huge fan of Jane Iredale. You could probably find the exact same product and get the exact same look with another brand and pay a whole lot less.
812	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Truly double duty! It's heavy and actually put a couple of pimples on this old face. You can sense the SPF20 at work. The bottle is too small and pricey.  I wish it would be more "lotion" than "cream".  I use it on dry cold days when I have to be outdoors.

Because of the menthol and the salycilic acid, this is not good for people with dry skin.  It definitely helps reduce breakouts for me.
9849	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am new to this line of skincare and am absolutely hooked!  Every product I've purchased is gentle and seemingly effective--with a great price!  I've begun to switch to this line as my other products run out.  I'm a very happy customer.
9372	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My daughter is prone to pretty decent breakouts and is constantly fighting with her complexion. Juice Beauty Clearing Serum seems to work pretty quickly and has cleared up her skin in a week or so, after some blemishes were brought to the surface. In a little less than a week of use, she is seeing some great results. My other daughter who only has infrequent acne has had good results on blemishes with this product. They also use benzoyl peroxide in conjunction with this product. One product brings the acne to the surface from under the skin and the other zaps it in a pretty powerful combo.

2581	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	my girlfriend steals my face buff all the time cause its better and cooler
7685	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this to use when camping but I use it now in between hair washes, as well. It smells SO NICE and works really well. Just a tiny amount of the powder is enough to soak up the oil in my hair. I think it'll last me a long time considering how little I need to get the job done!
2319	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this base coat.  It goes on easily, dries will and provides an excellent base to whatever colored lacquers you choose to top it with.
9471	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this polish remover and this bottle works great and makes it so much easier to use. Also this doesn't smell as strong as other removers but it is strong enough to remove everyday polish easily.
3074	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a lightweight balm that is more like a highly hydrating cream. One small drop is all I needed to easily spread on my neck. It absorbs quickly and smells fantastic too. I don't think I have been using it long enough to see a big difference in my fine lines or maybe it is too hard to take before and after pictures of my neck close-up, but my neck does feel somewhat smoother after I use it, so I will keep using it.
7978	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this every day, but I also shower at night and "no-poo" my baby fine hair every few days. If you do not, then the fibers might get on your pillowcase.

2867	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my Jane Iredale favorites.


1157	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Ok if you're super anal about your skin listen up. Firstly im half black and half white and my skin is pretty oily. I hyper-pigment because i pick at any imperfection i have. i had this brown spot on my left cheek right under my eye that drove me crazy. My esthetician used this on me once a month to clear up my brown spots and over the course of a year it totally fixed my skin. Then i got ambitious. I ordered some for myself to get rid of the brown spot on my cheek.
There is a little trick for first timers, like myself. It took me a try or two to get the clippers in the right position to work properly, even with the graphic instructions on the package. The important thing is step #3. You need to push the handle forward when it is fully raised, before you lower it again to begin clipping. (Otherwise, they will not clip properly.) Now that I have that mastered, I do not anticipate any issues with nail clipping. These are a gem. I am a true convert, and I will never go back to using poor-quality, drugstore-version nail-clippers, again.
- The cream is thin, non-greasy and applies evenly.  There was no noticeable fragrance or flavor to it.
9279	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE IT
I'm not sure if this is an everyday scent for me, but I do like it.  It's fun and different from a lot of the other fragrances I've tried lately.  I think it also might appeal to (much) younger people.
I've already reviewed the moisturizer on it's own individual page.

4636	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff works!  I've had problems with other moisturizers making my eyes water when I apply them around my eyes.  Juice Beauty doesn't do this but what it does do is a great job at smoothing out fine lines.  Besides applying it around my eyes I also put it on my hands which seem to be aging more quickly than my face (probably because I usually sun defying products on my face but not my hands).  The result was that it smoothed out my skin texture very quickly and for quite awhile even though I washed my hands several times.  Despite this they remained smoother for at least four hours.  There's a very slight smell when you first dispense the product but it fades quickly.  It also sinks into your skin fast.  It has a handy pump delivery system with a lid that clicks in place to prevent spills.  The only slight problem I have with the product is that it's difficult to dispense a super small amount but there are always other body parts where you can apply the excess.  I'm also prone to break outs but didn't have that issue with Juice Beauty.  To sum up it's effective, lasts for quite awhile, and a little goes a long way.
3837	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very pleased with this fine product.  My face seems and feels cleaner than ever before. So glad I tried it.
The product itself is a different consistency than other foundations.  This is almost like a heavy dense face cream, but a little bit more waxy than creamy.
1284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	what options do we have when going bald? this a good product it does not attaches to the hair as they promise but it really helps to cover bald spots
I tried a small sample of this product and now I'm ordering an entire tube. This is a product I don't want to live without! You can also use it on your face as a healing spot treatment or on your cuticles if they feel dry. It is a good all-purpose, skin healing formula that will impress.

5228	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product since my dermatologist put it on the shelf. That was about 8 years ago. I've tried other, cheaper products but Nectifirm is the best. I've ben purchasing it from Amazon for several years and have never been disappointed! It's worth the money and this jar will last at approximately 3 months. I'm not young. Over 60 and it works.
6355	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This oil is very similar to one my mom made in my childhood mixing rose hips oil and glycerin with a few other things to keep my skin moisturized and glowing in the winter. We used no other moisturizer after our bath. This absorbed so well in the skin and kept it glowing. I am amazed that this is so expensive, as my mom used it as a whole body moisturizer on us, but this product has a higher concentration of the oil. This oil does work well for my face and neck to eliminate dryness and has a great fragrance. I can wear it under my moisturizer and makeup. I just wish it was a bit cheaper, but a little goes a long way.

4937	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would say this product is the best for summer wear.. it really holds back the oily skin feel you can get when its hot. I really like this as well as her liquid bases.  I wear maybelinne 24hr super stay and LOVE that too - it really has the staying power but can feel heavier.
There are a great many reviews about the Futur on forums like Badger& Blade and here on Amazon. After reading them I've come to the conclusion that the Futur has two camps, those who adore it and those who despise it - I adore it. I love simplistic, elegant design and this razor is an absolute knock out.
grape
6991	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like this, even though it has likely gotten me hooked on a very expensive facial serum.  It's too soon to really tell if it does much for fine lines and wrinkles, but it definitely improved the look and feel of my skin after the first use.

-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
7747	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin is baby soft after every use! Once a week or every 4-5 days is good enough.

On a side note, the polish arrived very fast, a day before the shipment stated.  The polish was properly wrapped in bubble wrap and then put into paper packaging that was encased with bubble wrap as well.

3552	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lately my skin has just become riddled with pimples. Some whiteheads but for the most part, painful cysts, below the skin, that would last for weeks on end. It was as if I was going through a second round of puberty, but worse. My skin had gotten to be worse then it had ever been in my entire life. I tried many different washes: Neutrogena, Clinique, etc. Nothing seemed to make a difference that made me feel like things were improving in the way I wanted. I happened to come across this skincare line and read good reviews, so I figured I had nothing to lose and decided to try it.
Now, the reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because you basically have to use it forever for your nails to stay hard.  I decided after about 3 1/2  weeks of using this as directed to see what would happen if I stopped.  Well, my nails grew as to be expected, but the hardness of them was gone.  They pretty much went right back to the way before I started using this product.  So, while it worked for me as stated, I will have to use it forever.

5131	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Hair type: below shoulder length, baby fine, hi-lighted

- No scents or dyes
3745	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best sun screen. It is reliable every time I use it. I live in Texas where the sun is extremely intense. This is the only sun screen that works for hours in the direct sun

2321	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am a fan of OPI products, and like to do my own manicure in-between professional manicures. The OPI base cost could be the best there is.

For that price, one would expect a long lasting scent and in that aspect it disappoints. It still smells lovely tho...
1980	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Essie nail polish. It is easy to apply. Goes on smoothly. Color is beautiful! Long lasting. Will buy more Essie nail polish.
4051	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	UPDATE 7/22/17:  Fourth bottle just now ordered.
1121	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using it for years. Great product for acne and clarifying pours!
9583	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used this Sunscreen when I vacationing in Maui.  The suncreen is a little thicker than the daily use, and stayed on well when I was at the beach.  Didn't get sunburned.
4988	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My brother loves Baxter of California.  These three piece together make for a great value!
NB I have sensitive skin and I could use this. Like I said earlier, it stings a bit but not for long.
2841	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This small bottle of skin cream has a retail price of $365.  I am an esthetician and I wanted to try the product.  Before even using it, I checked out the list of ingredients and that raised a question mark in my mind why would this product cost so much when it has 2 types of parabens in it.  Here is the list of ingredients: Water (Aqua), Pentaerythrityl Tetracaprylate/Tetracaprate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Propylene Glycol, C12-20 Acid PEG-8 Ester, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Amaranthus Caudatus Seed Extract, Glycerin, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Glyceryl Stearate, Pisum Sativum (Pea) Extract, Dimethicone, Tribehenin, Glyceryl Linoleate, Leontopodium Alpinum Extract, Artemia Extract, Ursolic Acid, Salicyloyl Phytosphingosine, Sodium Carboxymethyl Beta-Glucan, Sodium Chondroitin Sulfate, Allantoin, Cetyl Phosphate, Carbomer, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Ceratonia Siliqua Gum, Glyceryl Linolenate, Salvia Officinalis (Sage) Leaf Extract, Oleanolic Acid, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Polyacrylamide, Laureth-7, Triethanolamine, Disodium EDTA, BHT, Citric Acid, Sodium Hydroxide, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Chlorphenesin, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben, Ethylparaben, Fragrance (Parfum), Linalool, Limonene, Coumarin, Geraniol, alpha-Isomethyl Ionone.
9374	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my go to product when my skin starts to act up. I put it on before my moisturizer in the morning and at night before I go to bed. I also use it on my neck and back where I tend to have really bad flareups. It's gentle enough to use everyday, highly recommend it!
If I apply this after my normal cleansing ritual and before applying moisturizer, it does reduce the look of fine lines (and I'm a former smoker, so I'm always happy to reduce the appearance of wrinkles which prematurely aged my skin through my own folly), but the effect does not seem to be permanent and fades after a few hours. Which isn't the worst thing that a product like this can do.
8292	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love Butter so I'm biased but this is a very pretty color.  If you're looking to round out your butter collection, you should have this color.  It does take numerous coats though if you use it by itself
2569	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Leonor Greyl Masque comes in luxe packaging with its own plastic scraper so that one doesn't reach in with one's fingers for the conditioning mask and to make it easier to scrape out every bit of the conditioning mask.  The Orchid version is supposed to help thick and damaged/chemically treated hair become softer and better nourished.  I have thick, straight black hair mixed with white hair.  This worked similar to the deep conditioning masks I've used in the past and it rinsed out easily.  It left my hair feeling soft. It works well but is quite pricey at $65.
8417	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream is very moisturizing without being greasy. It sinks in and keeps skin looking soft and supple. It does NOT break me out like most moisturizers or heavy night creams have in the past. The scent is very pleasant and it doesn't take a lot to do the job.
9321	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is definitely made for dry, irritated, very spiteful skin, and it does a very good job of correcting that. My face gets somewhat red (as it usually does) when I apply it, but the redness goes away and it NEVER stings. A little goes a very long way, especially with how thick the cream is. Will definitely buy again.
What a huge waste of money.
1134	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great skin cleanser-gentle but thorough.  Leaves your skin in good condition.

5296	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	PERTFRCT COLOR
I recommend this product specifically to those that are new to wet shaving because the cream is easy to lather. I usually refrain from bowl lather in general but this cream lathers in the bowl in no time, infact the process usually requires adding drops of water to the lather, in this case all I did was make sure my skittle was damp, along with my brush, I squeezed a dulop in the middle of the bowl and started working, I was able to create enough lather for the neighborhood  in less than a minute and half!
What's missing in the instructions? You skin cannot have any flaky areas. This heavy compound accentuates such irregularities, rather than helps to hide or ameliorate them.

8315	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	See description above. The London Butter nail lacquer that I purchased from their company is 100% fantastic!!  But, the London Butter nail lacquer that I purchased  from Shop Adorn was disgusting!!
8955	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't believe how much I'm loving this product. First off let me say I have acne-prone, sensitive skin with eczema and have been in a near-constant battle with my skin for over 20 years now. It's tough to find a product that is effective without nasty side effects and that I really like and find comfortable on my skin. Lately I've been successful in finding some new-to-me products and this is one of them.


9288	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is always going to be in my Caboodle from now on. It's amazing. It goes on subtly. I am very pale and it looks very natural on my skin. I use it around my chin and jawline to slim my face a little. Works wonderfully. I love it!
8342	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have tried many eye creams. I got a sample of this from Nordstrom and loved it. The price is unbeatable and makes my concealer go on so smoothly. No more $60 plus eye creams this one is perfect and priced right.

7021	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This smells delicious.  And it gets your hair clean.  Plus the product I received was definitely authentic Paul Mitchell.
That said, just a little bit provides enough control without leaving my hair stiff. Based on its texture and consistency, I was a little afraid that it would leave my hair looking "wet" all day, but that is not the case, at least with the amount that I use.
4820	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This offers just coverage in areas that have blonded out from sun in my naturally red hair. My hair looks like it's 'real' color for a few days after I use. Usually a week after treatment I notice it looks too blond again. Feels very soft after.

8243	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	beautiful color
I use this as a water replacement step in my liquid, cream, oil routine. I love it! I use it on sectioned hair, smooth it in, and follow with PM The Conditioner, and a tiny tiny dab of coconut oil on my ends. Good moisture from this combo. Neutral scent. This is a bit thicker than the PM Lite Detangler spray, and can spray on a bit sticky if you use too much. Once my hair dries with it in, the slight stickiness feeling is completely gone and I have soft curls. It doesn't shrink my hair and leaves my hair very soft, so I will definitely repurchase. *Purchased from ULTA $13 for 17 ounce.
JUICE BEAUTY has a nice web site-take a look. It's quite informative and readily details their skin care philosophy and `mission statement'.

I do recommend this product.  It is thick, and acts as a protective layer over moisturizer locking in that moisture.
9465	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I hate Zoya as a company. They have terrible customer service and their polishes are crap. However, their Remove+ is the best remover I've ever used. Try it and you'll see. Whips polish right off, and doesn't overdry nails and cuticles. I am not sure if it works for gel/lacquer polishes, though. And I didn't try it on glitters.
I've been alternating this with my Retin-A cream at night, and use one pad on my face, neck, chest, and the back of my hands.
I'm not saying I'm a Butter London fan just yet lol, but I did like this polish enough to order a second color. When I saw my polish outdoors the next day, I ordered 3 more bottles of Butter London polish from Amazon lol. While I'm sure other companies out there make a color comparable to this one, I'm happy I finally gave this brand a try.
1568	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice sheer polish.  It does give your nails a healthy glow as I saw on the "TODAY" show.  I hold back on the 5th star because I had to use so many layers to get he desired look.
1611	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Very disappointing
WHAT IS THIS STUFF LIKE?
I would definitely recommend Toppik to anyone.

665	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like the Pca line and notice the difference within days of using their serums specially with the size of my pores. The only problem is that you have to continue using them and it can get expensive (even though a little goes a long way the serums usually last me months). As soon as I stop using the serums my acne comes back my pores look larger etc...but they work and they work great while you use them specially when you combine them with some of their other products.

7186	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	No one knows what the future holds, mine is now set up nicely.
8003	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have VERY thin hair on the top and front of my head. I'm a 41 yr old female with female pattern baldness. I have medium brown  curly hair. Based on previous reviews I chose light brown. I'm happy I did me because it blended perfectly. To apply I found the spray applicator works best for me. I dry and style my hair and then gently lift sections up and holding the sprayer 3-6" above my hair, give shallow "poofs" to the shaft and 2-3" in length from my scalp. Then I lay the hair back in the desired style and generally mist the hair in the thinnest spots-patting the hair to gently push it into the hair itself. Then light spray with hairspray. I have also not used hair spray and it stayed in place as well. It has never come off on my pillow or my clothes. The only issue I have is getting too close to my scalp- it can become polka dots in my bald spots if not careful. If you have a small bald spot this would be fine, but my hair is so thin I would need a lot of product to cover my scalp. Toppik plumps the hair I have and dusts my scalp in color to minimize my scalp showing. My husband thinks it looks really natural- he didn't know what I had done but kept saying how good my hair looked. He was surprised when I told and showed him the product. He had no idea it was fibers! Part of what really makes my hair look thicker is that this product is great to make your hairline part look thinner and thus making your hair appear fuller. To keep a straight part line, lay a pipe cleaner on top of your part or use a piece of paper to cover the part line and then apply to Toppik over the paper/pipe cleaner. You will be amazed how minimizing your part maximizes the look of your hair! It's a good solution with little effort. Depending in your type of thinning/balding will determine if the product is successful for you. The product does attach to the hair you have and does appear thicker and it does not come off until you wash it. It did exactly what it promised to. Good luck!
9039	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't not work at all didn't get warm at all! Do not buy save your money and buy a NuMe wand instead!

2506	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have used this under my eyes and it seems to do a great job brightening my eyes. I use many different products depending on how i feel that day. And i will definitely keep this as one of my under eye concealers.


5557	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This really does disguise thinning hair.  I am a female with thin hair due to medication.  this keeps my part from looking too wide.  Looks normal/natural.
9942	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a woman in my 40s who has switched to shave soaps & a brush after years of canned foam. The Proraso green soap/croap is my favorite, and the white is very similar. Both are more of a "croap" (cross between hard cream & soap) rather than a straight up hard puck of soap. It lathers crazy easily with a wet badger or boar brush & the "Marco method" (if you're new to wet shaving or having trouble making lather, google it - you won't regret it), and provides a good, close, irritation-free shave. I lather in the plastic Proraso bowl directly on the soap, then go straight to leg. I have also done a separate bowl lather with this, and it worked nicely. After use I leave the lid off for a couple of hours to let the soap dry somewhat (I shave in the shower & store my soap there, so there's a lot of water) and then store it with the lid on. The white has a slight menthol feel, but considerably less than the green. In my opinion, the white has a light scent of roses & fresh cut grass. It's very light and clean, and I think it could be considered the most "feminine" between the green, red & white Proraso soaps. I had issues with irritation from the red Proraso (disappointing, since I loved the scent), but neither the green or the white cause any problems for me. Overall I am extremely pleased with this soap and it will definitely be in my regular rotation.

4308	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it
3956	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	According to my wife, this is a great lotion!  It isn't watery and cheap like some lotions; it smells like soap and is rich, works well, and seriously does hydrate the skin.  She's glad we have it.  (Confession: I've used it a few times too, and I like it!)
3986	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a great face cleanser and makeup remover though I would suggest using something specifically made for eye makeup if you use any water proof formulas or a lot of product.  I love Vichy products and this cleanser does a really great job on the rest of my face, but I find that I need to scrub at my eyes to get them clean with this product - which is exactly what you shouldn't do - especially ladies of a certain age.  There is a lot here to love.  It's make of high quality fresh and natural materials by a company that is committed to providing high level experiences.  Not a single Vichy product I have used has ever caused a negative reaction or irritation on my sensitive skin and this product actually serves to sooth and cool my skin.  Very nice.
4278	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have been looking for a good tinted moisturizer and this one came close. Unfortunately it was too dark and very shiny (too dewy). I did like the coverage and the feel of it, but I had to return it.
6686	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, love  this flat iron.  I have baby fine hair and it has so many setting it does not break my hair.  Best flatiron I have ever had.
3053	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I always thought that I needed a cleanser that was more astringent for my combo skin. This gentle cleanser makes my skin feel smooth and silky. No break-outs or oily patches. Redness is gone in only a month.
2833	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best all-purpose, all-around daily men's cleanser that I've used - and I've tried them all.
4454	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got this to review through the Amazon Vine program.  I am always on the lookout for a great cleanser for sensitive skin.  This product worked great on my skin and did not cause any breakouts and/or rashes... However, it did not do that great of a job as a cleanser and didn't work well at removing my makeup.
I attached a (very tired) pic of the results.  Face is not burned at all!  I only applied this once, hours before exposure.
6388	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I stumbled across this lotion as I was searching for hand creams containing an SPF, and I had no idea that it would become such a favorite of mine! I was unable to wear my wedding rings all winter because of this dermatitis in between my fingers. I'd tried every lotion, cream, ointment, prescription, you name it. This lotion cleared it up and has kept it away after just a few uses. My hands are baby soft and I like wearing it, knowing that I'm protecting my skin. Can't say enough good things about this hand cream.
5441	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The menthol feels great on this, but more importantly, it contains the most popular active ingredient that is proven to work against acne, salicylic acid.  It does a good job of clearing up my skin and it doesn't dry me out.  A little goes a long way.
It removes makeup but I don't think you should rely totally on this one product for that, especially if you have dry skin to start out with.  I completely soaked a cotton pad swiped it over everything and then swiped that over my face a few times, concentrating on the mascara. It didn't cause any eye irritation.  Then I turned that pad over and swiped again.  That removed almost all of the makeup, including some heavy duty concealer.  I did rinse this off my face before applying moisturizer.
1915	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Polish chips very easily  Love the color.
The no rinse cleaning water (micellar water) is also perfect. I like and use micellar water products for myself as they are so gentle and i LOVE this product so much. I use it for the horrid milk gunk that somehow appears in my newborns's neck folds every single day even though I use a bib and also for diaper #2 after cleaning thoroughly using wet wipes, I use this as a final touch to freshen up the area. I also use a baby micellar water product from bioderma but i prefer this from mustela.
7467	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I get eczema occasionally and it stays in mean patches. This product ill use instead of fancy creams on my face and keeps the moisture locked in. The glycerin keeps it soft. The smell goes away in a couple minutes. I use it over my eminence just to lock in the moisture. Keeps my eczema away!! No other product has in all my life. Also great for dry skin bumps on arms!!!


9965	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. I have used this white variety in conjunction with the green preshave (menthol and eucalyptus), as well as by itself. I found that it loads the shaving brush with lather as quickly as the other Proraso soaps, which is to say that you'll have all the soap you need in the brush within 30 seconds. Note that you will have to soak your shaving brush for a few minutes to make this happen. I found that blooming the soap was of limited utility, as this isn't a hard soap puck, but rather more like a stiff cream.
However, I'm not as enthusiastic about the "plumping" part.  I put this on right before work and it started tingling (expected, as I'd read some reviews).  It didn't stop tingling until well after I had driven to the office, walked across the parking deck, and climbed all the stairs (a 15-20 minute process).  And yet, I kept checking my lips in the rearview mirror and not noticing any significant difference in their appearance.  Note: A few weeks later, the tingling is much less noticeable.  I guess I'm getting used to it.
4757	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin and this shampoo does not bother my hair or scalp . I don't use a very large amount of the shampoo itself since I have short hair. A little bit goes along way.  It lathers up good.  I like the fact that it lacks many of the synthetic ingredients. Keeps my hair looking great and clean.
I would recommend this product to men and women
I like to play with the powders, yet, when I am in a rush I will make errors, not being subtle, and not dusting before other products.  Also, I am 62, and my baggy under-eye application errors are the most noticeable. I get rid of this bagginess first.  I will use the powders now, especially with other lighter Dermablend cr&egrave;me applications, or with the high-quality Dermablend Pro Smooth Liquid Camo Medium Cover Foundation (25 SPF) listed below; and as well as their other foundations. All definitely for photos where a shine or two really counts.
7666	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I think it is one of the best cleanser's on the market for the price.  Plus you get the added benefit when used with their other products to keep your face looking fresh.
3603	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was hoping for a magic acne cure for my adult-onset severe cystic acid that I've been struggling with for over 6 months now. This hasn't cleared up my skin like I had hoped, but it does help a ton to reduce inflammation over night. Would definitely recommend, in conjunction with other treatments.
1846	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color, it's lighter pink, just how I like it.

1654	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This applies to all Zoya Nail Polishes.
9180	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this and have recommended this to all my friends. It is so effective! Definitely my can't live without product in my medicine cabinet.

This is a talc product for those who might be concerned about it.  From what I have read, there is talc made with asbestos in it and it's not supposed to be in products anymore.
The only problem I have with this is that Vine gave me this shade, which is a lot brighter and a lot pinker than what it seems on the screen of my computer. I am not a bright pink lipstick kind of lady ... I am more into the roses and mauves. So fair warning, this shade is a bit brighter than what it seems on the computer screen.
* Large "Tooth-Paste" Size
My husband really likes this on me, and the scent lasts on my skin.  Which brings up an important point - if you have not tried the scent before, I suggest buying a small size to see how much you like it on YOU.  You can't really judge until you've put it on your skin and see how it reacts.  Also, the smaller bottles let you replace it more often so it stays fresh.  Old perfume is not a good thing.  Unless you use the same perfume daily, you'll save money in the long run at the smaller, more-expensive-per-ounce bottles.
The moisturizer is super light-weight with a thin consistency, but it's incredibly effective. When I first started using it I had some dry patches on my skin and within a few days they disappeared completely. My skin feels hydrated and soft, but without being oily or congested.
3746	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I started using this product because it has less toxic products in it.  It goes on quickly, has a nice consistancy to it  and disappears into your skin in very few minutes.  I assume it is doing its job of protecting my face.

I'm taking off one star, because it does require one extra step (applying powder) compared to other makeup setting sprays I have tried.
7782	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I can only state that I don't have a big acne problem but my chin, for my age, 65, breaks out for no reason!  I had started using the Obagi Clear FX and Obagi Exfoderm..but no particular cleanser.  This adds tremendously to the whole regime, but, I think can be used on it's own and save some money!  I'm sure purists will disagree but for everyday cleansing this is great and I cut way back on the other two.  You can use this x3 a day if your skin needs it or recommended by your dermatologist.  I lather up w/a small amount, rinse fairly quickly and pat dry.  You can really feel the menthol immediately and my face still feels soft after.  It's exfoliation to me at 2% Salicylic Acid...pores look smaller and my chin, so far, is not showing irritation from daily use there or anything coming on the horizon..right now anyway.  I think this is a great daily cleanser
PS: Several people have actually mistaken this product for successful regrowth on my head.
8711	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	UPDATE: At first I loved the texture of this product, but it makes me break out horribly. I stopped using it for about a month and my skin improved. I used it twice in the last week and I'm breaking out like crazy again.  I gave it to my boyfriend and it seems to work well for his (less sensitive) skin. I'm disappointed and will not buy it again.
9673	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	In dry weather you may be still searching for that perfect hand cream and this one is even more impressive than three or four creams I've tried this year. The 20% Shea Butter instantly soothes your hand as it mingles with honey, essential oils, coconut and sweet almond. Lemon, orange, jasmine and rosemary create a comforting scent so this is a refreshing aromatherapy moment all while healing your skin and making you feel soothed and relaxed.
It will last all day, the only draw back, it will wash off if your hair gets too wet.  It is also best to use hair spray to keep it in place.
9690	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I know this is pricey, but I had a 20% off coupon for all my purchases so I went a little nuts. My hands were looking pretty bad between bug bites and rough spots thanks to gardening. I like Shea Butter products and even some cheap ones work fairly well. This hand cream is the bomb of them all. With very little effort I massaged this into my hands and they felt better almost immediately. Followed this practice 3 times per day and by Day 3 my hands looked great and the general texture was much improved.

So, if I can see a positive change, and my FAMILY SEES a change, then good things are really happening!
847	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Crabtree and Evelyn products and their Rosewater lotion is no exception. The scent is lovely and soft. The perfect scent of roses without being your grandma's rose soap smell. It's light but moisturizing. It works great on dry winter skin and I love that It comes with a pump that gives you just a small amount. It's all I need! I think it's lightweight enough to carry me through summer as well.
1. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL COVER CR&Egrave;ME WITH TITANIUM DIOXIDE SUNSCREEN (30SPF):
1218	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This really does disguise thinning hair.  I am a female with thin hair due to medication.  this keeps my part from looking too wide.  Looks normal/natural.

9704	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Shea Butter L'Occitane hand cream is the best hands down, or hands up. It Is enriched with 20% Shea Butter, and the creamy balm penetrates quickly to protect, nourish and moisturize the skin. Honey, almond and coconut oil are blended with Shea Butter to create this effective moisturizer.
I like the fact that you can roll it down as you use it just like an oversized tube of toothpaste (it is very generously portioned for a hand cream). Makes it more convenient to use plus I can squeeze it right to the point of where I need it to come out.....it doesn't overflow, it only dispenses pretty much exactly what you need.

2485	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good shade of pink




6554	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Not at all what I expected, for me does not work, my face looks worse than before. I will never order again this brand.
1774	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great color but the brush is very tinny.  The color is beautiful but is does not last at all.
If you're looking for a great moisturizer I would highly suggest this one. Plus for the price, it's a great deal. This tube is HUGE!
6073	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Totally agree with the other posters, this stuff is wonderful.  It works so well, it cleans so thoroughly and yet doesn't dry my skin out or clog my pores.  I tend to be a little on the dry side but I also get whiteheads and blackheads and cystic acne flareups.  This cleanser leaves my skin clean, smooth, but not dry and I never, ever break out.  Best part of all?  It's absolutely inexpensive, compared to the size of products that give you maybe 1/4th the product for three times the price.  For the price, this stuff is amazing, but even if it cost more, I'd still buy it.  It's that good.


2494	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was convinced that I was going to love "Fresh Frog of Belair" because I love Kermit and I love OPI. I was sorely disappointed. I had used "Gone Gonzo" and apart from its difficulty of removal I did think that it was a pretty color, but even though this is the "same" line, the formula is not similar enough to make this a great polish.

7348	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the precision of this pencil. It actually allows you to make little hair lines that fill in the brow, rather than just a generic color-in effect. The color is perfect. I still prefer Anastasia's, but this is a better price.
6154	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Mario Badescu products and this is no different. Sunk right in but felt very moisturizing.  I love that it's fragrance free and it gives good hydration to my 35 year old skin. Will be the perfect moisturizer for winter with the lighter SPF and super moisture for the dryer season here in New England.
3307	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a pretty good combo of neutrals and I can see it getting a lot of use in thespring and summer.  However, during the winter, my lips are in pretty bad shape, chapped and cracked, and I tend to use lip balmonly.  For my trial run with this pencil, I used it all over my lips as a kind of dry primer, which is usually the way I use a lip pencil, and it was fine, especially under my Rouge d'Armani which is a dry lipstick.  A more moist lipstick is going to wear off faster (and take the underlayer of lip pencil with it).  This product is very dry and dragson the lips.  I have found thatwarming it by holding the point against my lips for a moment helps soften it enough to use.
8978	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great curling iron. Heats up fast and stays hot.
Over all, 5 stars for value, ease of use, and quality of shave.

7245	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for me.....please have it for next time.....you use have it on when going out
1088	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I tend NOT to be a fan of DermaBlend products.  That said,m one I do like is the setting powder.  This Translucent one is, to me, by far the best.  The tinted powders tend to be heavily pigmented, so no matter how lightly application is attempted they can come off as dark.  This translucent one is much more easy to apply.  It does not cake, and has real staying power.  You will not find yourself reapplying it, or any makeup beneath it.
4983	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Baxter of California Skin 1, 2, 3 kit is a nice introduction to the Baxter line. It is best for normal to oily skin. The cleanser is unscented and rinses off well, not leaving any residue or super tight feeling.
-it doesnt rub off onto clothes
4395	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This remover works exactly as it's supposed to. You must shake it first. It removes all types of makeup, including long wear and waterproof. It doesn't have a fragrance. I like that it does not leave your skin feeling too oily afterwards--like some waterproof makeup removers. I also really like that the dispensing hole is small, so if you tip it over, the entire bottle doesn't immediately spill out. My Este Lauder remover only has a cap; so if I'm using it and accidentally tip over the bottle, it spills everywhere.
7673	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love love love--my favorite scrub!

You'll be the one everyone else envies.
When using a beauty blender and the tap tap tap technique, I experienced excellent coverage, a nice finish, and minimal settling into my crow's feet and marionette lines.
1194	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I got this in light brown.  I have slight hair loss from a medication I was taking, at my crown.  This looks like dirt, & sucks the shine from my hair wherever it falls.  The color is not even remotely brown or light brown.  More grayish black brown. I gave it 2 stars because I like the shake it on container.
Things that make this different.  One (and this may impact your color choice) unlike other formulas which seem to dry darker (if there is a color shift), this one, if anything, dries a smidgen lighter.  In addition, I found the application results an interesting experiment.  I tried applying this with a sponger (a BeautyBlender), with my fingertips, and with a foundation brush.  (Note: no applicator is included.)  Brush treatment was by far the best result; likely because it also created the sheerest result.
4. Expensive. Considering the tiny bottle size and minimal effects (and the need for something else to remove makeup), the price tag seems very high. I've used drug store cleansers that were on par with this one for a fraction of the cost. If I'm spending more, I'd rather invest in Algenist or La Mer cleansers, which don't claim to do anything for acne, but do clean my skin beautifully (including eye makeup).
Claire
6050	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't imagine life without this toner. I've honestly never been a believer in toners, until I felt that I had to do something about my skin. My skin was constantly dry, blemishes were a weekly occurrence and I had dark spots from previous blemishes that formed discolorations. A friend recommended this and it has made such a huge difference. I rarely ever have breakouts and my skin is smooth and always fresh feeling. I use this at least 2 times per day (mostly because of how amazing and refreshing it feels). I recently had dry patches of skin around my nose and chapped lips from a very bad cold, and Mario Badescu products helped tremendously. There was no burning feeling, which really showed me how gentle this toner was. Over all, this is one of my greatest finds and I love this (and other Mario Badescu) products.
3574	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Miracle product from Mario Badescu. Nothing has improved my skin condition like this one. Prevents further breakouts and really exfoliates. Wish it was a greater bottle for the price but still worth it considering the results.
Other than the color itself, there's nothing that I liked about this product. Which is disappointing as this is a good brand and I've used other Longo products and been satisfied with their performance. It's especially disappointing given the price point.
1241	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Used this in between coloring.  Now am letting my hair go gray and it is really helping me tolerate the grow out.

UPDATE ON 1-12-13:  I've been using this mask for about a year, and still continue to love it! I don't use it as often as I'd like to, but it works so well to hydrate and add a glow to your skin.
2371	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the smell of this perfume.  The scent last the whole day that I'm in the office.  The scent is not strong. It's very light.
4730	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Solid.
There are two things you should know when you're ready to buy a Mason Pearson brush of any sort.  One is the size: full-size (the largest size), handy (medium sized), or pocket (the smallest size). This is important not so much because of where the brush will be kept (say, in your handbag), but because of the bristle length of the various sizes. The smaller sizes have shorter bristles. The bristles have to be able to reach your scalp, and massage it and distribute the oils throughout your hair. If you want a small brush but you have thick or long hair, you'd do better with a larger size.
5793	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Literally cannot live without this stuff now. It keeps my sensitive skin fresh and moisturized. It's helped the redness from my rosacea immensely. I spritz several times a day, even over makeup. It keeps my skin looking fresh and dewey. I just bought travel sized to take with me on trips.

548	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife really (really) likes this foundation. She claims it goes on smoothly and is highly moisturizing. The color is maybe a little on the dark side but that is OK if you are into that sprayed-on fake tan look. This is a full coverage foundation that my wife really likes.
The pump style of this bottle makes it easy to use without distributing too much at once. I only use one pump each time!  I think this size would last a good two months with regular use. The pump can be locked or unlocked easily which is good when you have overly curious kids or if aiming to travel with this product.
6685	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Get's hot quick, but does not curl my hair. I have a older one that takes forever to get hot but when it does, it gives me a tight curl, but for some reason no matter how long i keep this iron in my hair, i can't get a curl.
4509	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice cleanser. No overpowering smell, no burning. My face feels clean and dry without being dried out. I have an oily face by mid day most days. This removes the oil well leaving me feeling fresh and clean. I put it on a cotton ball and rub gently. I like this, been looking for something like it - now I have and will continue to use as long as it works.
3712	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very good product for sensitive and dry skin.
Was so pleased that I purchased another shade in the same family, in order to do some subtle contouring and create the color that was absolutely perfect for my skin tone.
6683	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Pretty great! Especially for the price. My only negative comment is that my metal stand for it broke, but I have used many other Hot Tools items and usually never have an issue, so I think it was just a fluke.
To me this seems like a pretty safe bet of a perfume purchase.  It might not be someones favorite, but I don't think many people will hate it because it does come off as light and fresh smelling.  The bottle is by no means eye catching, but I for one am appreciative of its wide base.  Tall skinny bottles just get knocked over too easily, and don't get me started on cats and knocking stuff over.
******************************************************
The Face Wash...a slightly soapier Cetaphil
2264	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This toner has a reasonable scent.  (I guess thats why the moisturizer is scent-free).  By reasonable I mean its herbal / mint.  Not overpowering.  Of course the main ingredient in many toners like this is witch hazel, and thats the same here.  Overall I like it.

I was shocked when I used this. My face felt so clean! I think it smells fresh as well. I do not use it in the shower though, there is not much at 4 oz. and but it does go a long way. I use mine at the sink at night and just place a dab on my face sponge. I can literally feel it cleaning my skin, after; my skin feels tight and clean. Sometimes I have to use a toner to remove leftover residue, not with this cleanser.
9693	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product worth the experience
1106	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Review for Dermablend Cool Beige loose setting powder.

5458	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very nice.
This item can also be used as a great hydrotherapy cool down mist for your face in the summertime and I will probably buy another bottle to use it as such then. This provides a cooling sensation that I need. I didn't realize how great water therapy was until I actually felt that burning sensation from the suns rays and I needed a gentle cool down to refresh the skin on my face. A great addition to my makeup routine for any time of year!
1. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL COVER CR&Egrave;ME WITH TITANIUM DIOXIDE SUNSCREEN (30SPF):

8865	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very refreshing product
4283	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good skin care.
Shaved Ice contains some good stuff -- aloe and oils -- but it burned my face. I was tired of going to work with the dry, burning sensation that B.J.S.I causes, so I discarded the remaining 60 percent left in my bottle.
3419	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this color
I do have a complaint as well. The cleanser is supposed to be no rinse but my skin becomes very shiny and eventually breaks out unless I wash it off. And when I say shiny, I don't mean oily. It's weird - my skin is clean and dry, and yet it reflects as much light as a puddle in the street.
2905	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great even when I sweat

3707	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have pretty sensitive skin so I was hoping this would work well.  It didn't.  Although it didn't irritate my skin, it definitely made me break out lightly, which is weird. I didn't really care for the feel of it either. I think I will stick with my natural Burt's Bees creamy cleanser. :(
Even though the directions on the VICHY PURETE says you don't have to rinse after wiping, I rinsed my face off anyway because I didn't want to any residue on my face.

6343	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Badescu products. We swear by the rescue remedy for breakouts. This oil comes in an easy to use package and is just wonderful.
5039	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My 60-year old face has been well-maintained, but eventually all of us show some aging.  For me, it's droopy eye lids, crepey neck, and some lines beginning to form from the nose downward.
Very nice foundation with good coverage. A little goes a long way.
6032	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a fabulously gentle product for my acne prone, sensitive, combination skin. Yeah, I have all of that going on so you know how difficult it is to find something that works but doesn't dry out my dry spots and cleans out the excess oil without promoting future breakouts.  I think I found my product! I have only been using it for a week now but that is usually all it takes for me to figure out if something is going to work for me or not.  I also love the clean smell and soft feel. I purchased the drying lotion as well and have been using both to keep my breakouts in check.
4195	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works.
What makes this such an outstanding deal is the ability to get free shipping.  Because Amazon ships it from their warehouse it can be combined with Super Saver Shipping, though you'll need to add something else to your order to get to the $25 minimum threshold. If you're a Prime member you don't have to worry about reaching a minimum and you'll enjoy the fast & free 2 day UPS shipping.
897	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	La Roche-Posay thermal spring water is simple but wonderful, especially if you live in a dry climate or spend your time in an air conditioned or heated home or building for prolonged periods. I live in a climate that's dry almost all year round and can see a real difference when I'm in humidity- my skin looks more hydrated and wrinkles look less noticeable. For me, this thermal spring water has a similar effect. It helps keep my skin looking hydrated and counteracts some of the effects of the dry climate and environment- my skin looks more like it does in humid weather. I really love using this thermal water after washing my face, but this small size spray bottle is staying in my purse as it's a perfect size to use on-the-go. I've purchased the larger, more economical, size to keep at home for after washing my face or to use anytime my skin feels dry or I feel hot or uncomfortable.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/La-Roche-Posay-Thermal-Spring-Water-5-20-Fluid-Ounce/dp/B002NX0B4W/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">La Roche-Posay Thermal Spring Water, 5.20 Fluid Ounce</a>
Cons - very pricey
277	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it
5603	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great price, fast shipping!
2084	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This is not really neon. You have to put 3 coats since it's sort of clear the first coat and streaky the second coat.
Ingredients:  Aqua (water), glycerin, dimethicone, caprylic/capric triglyceride, pentaerythrityl tetraisostearate, synthetic wax, Butyrospermum parkii butter (shea butter), alcohol denat., hydrogenated polyisobutene, ammonium polyacryldimethyltauramide/ammonium polyacryloyldimethyl taurate, pentylene glycol, glyceryl stearate, behenyl alcohol, stearyl dimethicone, glyceryl stearate citrate, sodium hyaluronate, phenoxyethanol, Chondrus crispus (carrageenan), disodium ethylene dicocamide PEG-15 disulfate, disodium EDTA, caprylyl glycol, citric acid, biosaccharide gum-1, parfum (fragrance).

753	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Stila Convertible for a couple years now. I started with Poppy, moved to Rose, then added others: Petunia, Fuchsia, Gladiola.
The bad thing about this line...very expensive and coupon codes excludes this brand at checkout.

3488	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my new favorite color. It is gorgeous! It's a dark purplish bluish color. Just what I was looking for!
4961	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband really likes this soap.  It smells great and lasts forever.

7602	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product!
You may also enjoy the Derma E beauty products, especially
1945	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Long wearing and easy to apply formula.  Love the Essie line.  Was not able to find in the local store.  Fast shipping and brand new bottle.
4855	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was recommended Jane Iredale products from my dermatologist. She does not sell it, but she knew my skin is very sensitive. Great product!

7785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	have used many Obagi products in the past but this is my first time to try this therapeutic moisturizer.  I chose this product because during harsh winter is the midwest I I live in Chicago), it is very important to keep skin moisturized and protected.  So let me explain why four starts for the product:  this 1.7 oz of product contains Glycerin 20% (skin protectant) as an active ingredient. Inactive ingredients include:  allantoin, corn starch modified and a wide variety of parabens.  That's right - it is when I see parabens on the ingredients list that I get turned off for a moment. I generally try to avoid parabens in any form whenever possible.

Because the spray is delivered in such a fine mist, there are several applications in each bottle.
4412	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Do not overlook this cream because some received a product that separated.



5245	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I used 2 jars of this and did not see much of a difference.  Maybe a teeny bit but not enough to continue using.  Maybe had I discovered this years ago and incorporated it into my routine it would make a difference but I think genetics win in my case.  Product goes on smooth and has not much scent so it's nice, but just didn't seem to work for me.
2593	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got complimented on my beautiful skin on two different occasions when I happened to be wearing this blush.  It's like a glow on your skin.  It's sheer and pretty and easy to apply.  The packaging looks expensive and is a joy to use.  It does not come with a brush, but I used my really good make up brushes with much success.
9525	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Been using this for weeks.  It comes out like a bubbly gel but it lathers up and cleans well.  It has a rather strong smell.  I feel it really removes the oil but leave my skin dryer than usual after using.  In regards to acne, my son started using it.  So far nothing dramatic has happened.  He doesn't have a lot pimples though, maybe about 5 across the forehead and face.  But he likes the feeling of cleanliness after washing his face.
I have fine, thin hair, and have been impressed by the results of this shampoo.  In terms of providing volume, it does as good a job as my current daily shampoo (Aveda Rosemary Mint).

PS: Several people have actually mistaken this product for successful regrowth on my head.
2158	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Smells nice but does not give a good shave. Was left with shaving rash and bumps. Used all my normal razors that work fine with other creams. Will not repurchase.
5679	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Okay, here is what how you use this product: Do not peel off the sticky film under the lid, instead use a matte knife to cut out a triangle shaped piece, so that the film looks like a pizza with one big slice missing. Then not so much will come out and you will have better control and it will last much longer. You do not shake it on to the roots of your hair where you can see the scalp, you tap it gently, moving it where you can see your scalp. If you shake it near your front hairline, you may have to wipe a dusting off your forehead with a tissue, but it comes right off.
4841	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This dry shampoo is amazing!  Not like any live ever used before. A powder that is very fine and silky that you put in your hands and then work into your hair. Good to freshen when you can't wash. Has lemony scent. Love it!!!
4788	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has the MOST sensitive skin in the world - the poor guy has been suffering from ingrowns for years - sometimes the ingrowns are worse than other times (and this is mostly to the fact of what skin products he uses).  After some research we stumbled upon Anthony Ingrown Hair Treatment and even though he is not 'cured' of ingrowns, the amount of ingrown hairs he gets has reduced drastically and this is just in the 3 weeks he has been using it.  We believe that with using it over time it will get better and better.  (Also, for the ladies if you get ingrowns in the bikini area this helps amazingly as well!  *wink* *wink*)
The smoky colored glass bottle is simple in design  classic and handsome. The pull-off, push on top is gear shaped -- chrome and black. The spray is fine and accurate. A couple sprays of the fragrance is enough to last for an evening.
7828	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very creamy and nice scent. Just use very little and it works so well, I use a Fusion power razor with it and it rinses off the blades so well. It may seem expensive, but you use so little of it that it is worth the money .I have sensitive skin and it did not leave any redness
9141	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This product is overrated. No major improvements, little to zero...irritates my skin.
2687	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The perfect powder for me.
9210	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
2381	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all pevonia products but am new to this one.  I am really liking the texture of it and the coverage and have not burned since I started using it. 3 cheers for this sunscreen!
1652	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It has nice, creamy sage green color.
6591	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this rose oil for a daily face refresh and I also love to toss it in my wet hair and let my hair dry naturally for beachy waves. Great product.
- Reasonably priced, especially considering the results.

After you have dried your hair (using all of the products you normally apply), sprinkle the Toppik onto the areas that need to look fuller.  Lightly tap the area to help the keratin particles `grasp' the hair.  Once you have filled in these spaces, you may lightly style your hair.  Vigorous brushing will remove Toppik so, don't do it.  Toppik should remain in place until you brush or shampoo.

The other consideration is the bristle type. Do you want a mixed bristle brush like this one that is part boar bristle and part nylon? What is most comfortable and performs the best with your hair. This mixed bristle brush will work well for you if your hair is fine to normal and not too long or too thick. Otherwise, you'll need to go with the Detangler because the bristles are stiffer and can reach down through all of your hair to the scalp; the Detangler is the only Mason Pearson brush that can reach the scalp of extremely thick hair. Mason Pearson also makes an All Boar Bristle Brush for finer or shorter hair but I have never tried it.

6346	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love Mario Badescu's product they never brake me out with a rash or brake me out considering I have very sensitive dry skin. I like this very much but I'm a little older and wanting a bitter stronger of a product. So I'm moving on to the honey, but this would be great for anyone under 40.
1497	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am OBSESSED with Zoya nail polish.  As a long time OPI and Essie polish lover, I came across Zoya through pinterest.  Sloane was my first color used and it is a beautiful color.  I find the polish to last as long as the competitors, if not an extra day (though that could be because I'm trying a different base-coat).  I also find that Zoya is not as thick as the others and I find it easier to manage.
7031	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Makes hands smooth without a touch of oil or grease
6822	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product! I've been using it for 20 years.
6072	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great collagen mask. It's soothing, firming and helps clear blemishes. Love it!
7923	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does the trick
7981	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's pretty good.  A little on the dark side from the photo.
I strongly dislike this brand's lack of a transparent disclosure of ingredients.  I want to know exactly what I'm putting on my face.  This information is severely lacking - they say that it's hyaluronic acid and oil, but that's it.  I'm sure there are other additives.
1726	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Brighter than it looks on net.
1202	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After I had my baby, I lost a lot of hair (thanks, hormones) and had a few sparse spots that made me feel very self conscious. My hair dresser recommended this and I love it. It's slightly darker than my natural hair color, but it really doesn't seem to make a difference. A little goes a long way and makes the spartan parts of my hair look fuller and thicker. My hair has since grown back, but I have fine hair so I still use it in places. Love it!
493	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Has really helped cover skin issues such as age spots, faint scars.  Sometimes in hot weather I need to dab a bit more on, otherwise it's a once a day application.
9270	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A little more orange than peach but still pretty and as always a great quality polish:)

I have used the Vincent Longo Blonde Micro Pencil for several weeks now and I have to say that it does not wear well.  The pencil goes in nicely with very fine lines and it is easy to apply and make faux hairs in the brow area.
6964	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The feel is sort of in between a lotion and a serum. Takes a decent amount of massaging to work the moisturizer in to your skin. Skin definitely feels very soft and moisturized after application. Scent is mild, very slightly tart, and pleasant. Not overpowering at all.

1724	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It was over a week before they began to chip.


TL;DR - smells great.  Buy it.
376	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have quite a brthmark on my face in addition to some scarring from 'days gone by' with acne. This cream really is the only product that lasts any length of time on my face, I seem to absorb products like a sponge and this coverup doesn't sink into my skin and disappear. The color is perfect and looks neutral on my skin. This beige is perfect for warmer days (and tan-ish skin) without being too dark or orange-y. I also love that this coverup has a sunscreen in it too. It does not settle in the wrinkles and lines like other cover creams have from other brands that I have tried. This product is the first I tried from Dermablend years ago as a professional makeup artist and paramedical skin care therapist.....and it's still my favorite product for covering all sorts of imperfections from the ordinary situation to the more 'extreme'..... medical procedures.

6677	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a great curling iron, but it gets blazing hot! Be careful! Be sure you know how to use it and pay attention! I'm happy with it!
5676	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So I have tried this product before and have always loved it. I it bought from the Amazon site because I found it at a much cheaper price than I would normally buy it.
This lotion is not tested on animals and is made in the USA.
This is a creamy roll-up stick cover product which does the job without rubbing off too much. I love the idea of having a smooth body-skin look as with the generous tube of the wonderful, and long-lasting Dermablend Professional Leg and Body Make-Up; however, Im mentioning this Quick Fix product first as Im partial to a more natural, yet youthful, look, only working with the blemishes and letting the natural skins still show through.  This is my personal preference.  It isn't quite going to be looking as flawlessly airbrushed overall as with the full body make-up, yet it is the product I will use first; especially during the day. I love it.
6974	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a face cream connoisseur and make my own, so I'm always looking for good ideas that I can incorporate into my own recipes. I love this cream, but haven't figured out how to duplicate just yet. It has a wonderful fresh, natural fragrance that I adore! There is also a Green Apple Eye Cream&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Juice-Beauty-Green-Apple-Nutrient-Eye-Cream-0-5-fl-oz/dp/B001F07IZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Juice Beauty Green Apple Nutrient Eye Cream, 0.5 fl. oz.</a>, but I prefer Juice Beauty's Stem Cellular Eye Treatment&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Juice-Beauty-Stem-Cellular-Repair-Eye-Treatment-0-5-fl-oz/dp/B004I14JD6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Juice Beauty Stem Cellular Repair Eye Treatment, 0.5 fl. oz.</a>&nbsp;as it is more gentle on my eyes and is excellent to use with the Green Apple Age Defy Moisturizer!
7611	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My dermatologist recommended this product for my neck and dcolletage.  I use it twice a day and have seen a wonderful difference in my skin texture.  It even has improved the sun damaged areas of my chest.  It takes about 4 weeks (half the jar) before you start to see the difference.  I'll buy this product for years to come.
Neutralize after use. (I don't only on my back)
8444	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really find a good cleanser which is not to drying and not too greasy. My skin is definitely gotten way drier as I've gotten older and this is perfect for me. Pleasant and effective in every way. Great value for the price.
4692	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If your skin is dry this a a great product.
4225	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good product. Still use.

4618	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So basically I'm not a super duper girlie girl.  I'm fine with the basic skin products you find at your local drug store.  Still, when this popped up in Vine, I figured I'd give it a shot - it seemed to be bragging about being organic and I frankly wanted to know if that really  makes this little container worth about six times as much as the big bottle of what I'd usually buy at said local drug store.
....the Concealer
1956	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the polish because it's a true deep red. I would buy more Zoya polish.....like how it drys also.
594	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like Jane Iredale beauty products, especially her pressed powders which are superior to anything else I've tried. I've given her eye shadows and lipsticks a try as well and most of them are okay, but not exceptional.

Baxter has a sample of the various gels/clays, which might be useful for someone who wants to try out the different kinds before buying a full jar: https://www.amazon.com/Baxter-California-Pomade-Mixer-Kit/dp/B015NW2D0E/ref=sr_1_52_s_it?s=luxury-beauty&ie=UTF8&qid=1497717376&sr=1-52.
7192	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	greatest dry shampoo out there for blonde hair...doesnt dry mine out

8949	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like this facial spray to set my makeup. I would recommend that you try it.
The only caveat I have with this product is that you must remove your makeup for it to be at its best.  Most do anyway but sometimes I'm lazy and just do a double cleanse with my previous cleanser.  With this one it's best if you get everything off first but other than that it's really wonderful.
6168	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't yet speak to how effective the SPF is, but the moisturizer is thick yet goes on light and is not oily. It blends very well and doesn't leave any film on your face. I tend to break out from moisturizers, but haven't had that problem with this one.
1334	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for over 10 years and I wouldn't be without it. If you can't afford hair transplants, then this is the way to go. Don't use any spray product!
MINUSES
8350	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite toner around! I have sensitive and dry skin. My skin has never looked healthier! I use this every night. My husband never noticed anything beauty-wise and he complimented me on how great my skin looks! It felt really good because I wasn't sure if I was the only one that noticed because I wanted to like it so much or if it was really working.
6222	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Maybe I just got a bad or old batch, but this smelled sour when I received it. Returned!
Thanks for offering this great product at a great price!
5495	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My Wife likes that it is a 3 in 1
5973	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I bought three different colors of this dreamy looking nail polish and used them as stocking stuffers (including my own!)  The sheen is lovely, but the polish chips easily, and can't be worn without a topcoat, as even two coats won't stand up to normal wear and tear for even a day.
7327	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So...When I ordered this, I must have had my oblivious glasses on, because I did not notice that the product was designed for men.  That being said, when it arrived at my house, I decided to try it anyway.  I have VERY sensitive skin.  Most products make my face turn bright red.  I used all three products and had no red rash.  My skin felt clean and smooth.  The moisturizer was light and not greasy.  There is not a strong "man" smell either.  It just smells clean. I was surprisingly impressed.

9616	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love using this soap

8889	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	People in the U.K. have made this the number one moisturizing cream in the country, and I can see why. I purchased a try me trio of products, and am so very pleased with all of them. The scent of all of the products I have tried is fresh and clean. If this scent was made into a day parfume it would sell out.
8766	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best face mask..Use a hot cloth to open the pores of your face.  Put on the mask and lay down and let it do its work.
3675	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Baxter of California Daily Moisturizing Conditioner was a little troublesome at the beginning. I spun and spun the pump around, and nothing seemed to happen. To release the pump, I ended up having to grab the smooth part right below it, and it still took a little bit of work. Once that trouble was past, it was nothing but good things. The conditioner has a very light sent, much lighter than the shampoo, and goes in easily and does a good job conditioning the hair. It rinses out well and easily, and my hair has been very easy to manage and style while using this product. I will continue to use this product going forward.

408	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very different type of foundation, very thick, it comes with a little spatula to remove some of the product for application.  This process did take a little getting used to for me, using the right amount and blending it evenly but once I got the hang of it it really did cover well and didn't use additional concealers with it.  I used a sponge to apply this and blend it for a nice even coverage, you could use your fingers, however if you are prone to breakouts or skin irritations then a sponge seems a better option for less oil and dirt. I used the Dermablend Powder over this foundation and it really set the look and lasted all day.
8899	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Use at night after collagen.
4234	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great moisturizer with SPF. For years I bought it directly from my dermatologist's office and grossly overpaid until I found it here.


8512	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is somewhere between a lotion and a cream.  I was afraid this would feel too thick on my face, but it absorbed very well, and felt good on my skin.  I'm not sure how I feel about the sunscreen ingredients but it's nice to have a SPF moisturizer that doesn't sit on top of my skin.  This really doesn't have a scentwhich makes me happy.  The price is good for the amount you get.  I recommend this product.
9446	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best mascara product there is.  Love this stuff - just ordered more of it - the great thing about it is that it works - don't apply more than twice and then apply one coat of mascara and you are good to go -
6968	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Oh beauty products... what a crap shoot. You pay a lot, you agonize over ingredients you look at reviews and then... wait and see if it has any effect at all. If this product was sold as really thick moisturizing cream with natural ingredients I'd give it 5 stars. I think the thickness people have complained about is because either their skin type is more oily or they're not used to natural products that in my experience are less absorbent or at least slower.
Eucalyptus, a natural antiseptic, is also used to relieve the pain of arthritis and will increase blood flow and give a warm, soothing sensation.
1020	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It is a beautiful lipstick and I love how it glides on my lips. It is soft and long-lasting. I love how it doesn't make my lips look "old." It does hydrate my lips and the color stays on for a long time. I love lipstick and lip glosses and this is the first time I have ever tried Jouer and so far, I like this brand. I normally don't spend this much on lipstick as a mom of tweens, I just don't have the time to even swipe on lipstick before rushing out the door. I might reconsider that decision now that I have tried this brand.

8796	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a bit pricey for 1 oz of moisturizer and does feel like its making the skin smoother,. It is light, not oily, and felt nicely hydrating under foundation in my drying work environment.  It also was fine to put on my skin at night. It comes out blue, which I wasn't crazy about, but doesn't add any visible tint to the skin. It is smoothing, but you can feel it on your skin if you rub it. Moisturizes nicely overall.


What this razor excels at is the first pass. None of my other DE razors take as much hair off, as easily, as the 39C. If your preference is to simply do a quick shave every day, and you're not looking for a baby smooth result. This is your machine. I wouldn't recommend it as a first DE razor, but that' simply because a slant head is always going to take a more gentle hand, and it could really cut you up if you couldn't find the angle. No, for a first razor, I would say a closed comb, mild model like the 34C would be the better choice.
6042	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this after my shower and before a light lotion on my face before I put on makeup. It's quick to use and leaves my skin feeling fresh and clean. Love it and would recommend to anyone.
8205	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	does a great job
The toner I don't use too often since I'm not exactly sure what it's for and because my skin gets really dry I'm scared that it will dry it out even more or you know... sting since I'm not sure if my skin has cracked or not. But I do love the scent of this! Again, the bottle is a good amount so it'll last you awhile.

8727	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my dad because he has oily, acne roseacia skin. He loves it! It smells nice and revives the skin while getting rid of the oil. Just don't get it in your eyes cause u will be sorry!
7517	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Used this on an unsightly pimple near my hairline. It didn't dry my skin and was easy to use under makeup. I've found that to be true of other salicylic treatments. What I liked about this was the precision of the applicator. I appreciated that it's non-porous aluminum and can be wiped clean with a tissue or cotton ball when I'm done.
I hope the current price listed is a typo that Amazon can fix; in the meantime I'll be purchasing directly from the manufacturer's website.
4785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	By far the best treatment for ingrown hair I have ever used. Not just for the face, it works quickly and easily. I have never found something that truly gets to the root of the problem and heals, but this definitely does. Recommend 100%.
My makeup did not set in the light coverage I strive for
621	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have been reading about the wonders of Jane Iredale products for several years now and have had them on my radar to buy--eventually. Well, eventually came the other day. I've always been a fan of rose/gold combinations, so I figured I would give this eye shadow a go. It's ... well, it's okay. I really can't rave about it. And it's hard to me to justify the price. I ordered the Physician's Formula Matte Collection shadows at the same time (for far less money!), and I can honestly say that I prefer the texture and blending. Maybe another color would wow me a little more--but it sure would have to be on a half-price sale.

This make up is cruelty free, made in Japan and is oil-free, fragrance-free, hypoallergenic and non-comedogenic. Cruelty free in Japan is an oxymoron because the Japanese are depleting our whales, etc.
Best when used with a Badger hair brush and good hot water, a Double Edge razor takes it even further.

7916	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It does what it claims!!
4909	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm tired. lol. I've been on a long journey (ok, a few weeks :) to find a new foundation. I'm 50, my skin is different and the once great Everyday minerals (olive tones) is making my pores and rougher texture more noticeable. I'm half Japanese and half Caucasian and it's a pain for find the right color for me! Everything is either pink or orange on me! Well I've look high and low end trying to  find something that would work for me. Liquids and powders, both loose and pressed. CC and BB's and all in between! Bought this  without doing any research at my local mall. My first color was a bomb, Teakwood. Too orange in the natural light. They replaced it with Golden Glow. After many test wears and having the family tell me what they thought I think I found my foundation. Pros: Very fine milled and does not show fine lines and pores, really softens and smooths out the skin. Coverage is very buildable. Color is not pink or orange! Very yellowish in tone. Cons: Yep, it's a pricey one. My suggestion is that if at all possible buy first at a store to find your color match. LOTS of different colors in the pressed powder.
The only thing I would change about this is even with the setting on the highest, it doesn't feel like it it's getting quite as hot as other irons I've used. So while I find it works great on freshly washed and dried hair, if I take my shower the night before and try and style my hair with it the next morning instead, my hair doesn't come out as well. The iron doesn't get quite hot enough to smooth out the results of bed-head hair. If it would just get a little hotter, it would be perfect!
3455	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fun shade and opi is always the best.
9981	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.
2879	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love jane I red ale eyeliner. I have sensitive eyes and can only use very few products.

9971	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried everything from premium designer stuff to the value stuff.  When it comes down to it, it's really just shaving soap.  This stuff is no different.  Proraso is a very good shaving product.  It doesn't have the variety of scents that other soaps/creams have, but for the price, it's a good low-frills product.  The soap is just hard enough to load my brush on it, but soft enough to get a really good load without too much effort.  It really whips up a great rich lather that is very slick.  It leaves my skin feeling hydrated and it works great with the Nivea aftershave balm.  The only gripe I have is the scent.  I don't particularly care for the soapy scent.  It's not bad, I just wouldn't wear it as a cologne.  Of course, smell is completely subjective.  Like most all soaps, the scent doesn't linger for more than a few minutes anyway.
Update: Some of my dark spots are lighter, my skin is more even toned than before using this product.
This means that it might be inappropriate for women with sensitive skin.  I already see ingredients that my daughter in law must avoid. The gel is basically all artificial- when aloe or seaweed extracts could have done the job. I probably should knock it down a star but it works for me. I have no problem with the fragrance- it is pleasant and unobtrusive.


This started kit was great. Love the syrum although watch out it is very liquidy. The moisturizer is intense but wonderful. A little goes a LONG way.

9045	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Haven't used it much because I'm kind of spastic when it comes to curling irons and straight irons. But it hasn't burned my hair and it's what my hairdresser uses. (I got mine from Amazon at a much better price, though). If I ever get comfortable with it, it'll be awesome.
414	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Okay, so by now I've tried a whole range of Dermablend products - mostly good, some meh. But the cover crme is the best of the bunch and truly what I think of and what I want when I think of Dermablend - which is FULL coverage, anywhere, everywhere. If you can only get one product from their line, this is the one to get. If you want the product that made Dermablend its name, this is the product to get. Of course, first you have to match your skin tone. Keep it mind that your skin has different shades from part to part. The skin on my face is different from the skin on my leg or on my hand. You have to have at least two shades, if not three so you can blend to the perfect match to whatever area you want to cover.
Soft skin-mild fragrance!  Great bargain!!!
7684	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this as my June Beauty DNA selection (full-sized container) and I'm loving it.  It's not like any moisturizer I've used before -- the texture is a bit like marshmallow fluff (only not sticky); it holds its shape and isn't runny at all.  It has a slight orange-y citrus scent (which makes it remind me of a dessert!).  But there are no artificial dyes and the fragrances come from plant extracts.
It is a little pricey but so concentrated the price ends up being about the same as drug store brands.
4593	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Although expensive, M + G menthol shave cream will help you to a damned fine shave.  Icy cool and minty.  The best menthol shave cream anywhere is Noxzema Menthol in the light blue can, but Proctor & Gamble has made this "flavor" unavailable to the US market since 1997/98.  It's only available now to the United Kingdom market and the Italian market.


8323	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best nail polish out there.  Period.  It is free of chemicals, wears really well and has really cool colors.  What else can I say?  The only nail polish i will buy.
7895	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Don't leave home without it!
8429	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	THIS STUFF IS AMAZING! Heres a photo of the progress. I love it. I keep it in the fridge and use it at night. I will NEVER go without it!
3270	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells just like black tea and blackberry, I love it. I have chronically chapped lips and this stuff is almost as good as C.O. Bigelow's "My favorite Night Balm"

2315	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This base coat dries quickly, seems to keep the polish "stuck" on where it belongs, and doesn't have a horrible odor like some do.
2184	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All is ok Thanks

5792	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good stuff

Highly recommended.

7610	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It improves tightness AND thickens the appearance of the neck and delicate chest skin. Definitely gives your neck and chest a more youthful  appearance. Love this stuff!  Will def continue use!
Keeps it from getting dry in winter too.
5573	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works surprisingly well
The first time I tried it, I put it on my arms.  It has a slight pleasant scent to it.  I just use a little dab ( see picture) and it goes a long way.  My dog came over to me and tried to lick my arms lol so I guess it's a good scent to him too lol.  The scent dissipates after a momment. When my skin stayed normal the next day, I tried it on my face before I went to bed.  I woke up the next morning, and no new breakouts!  I already had 2 breakouts from getting my face waxed ( I went to a new salon and something they used on my face after waxing to calm the redness made me breakout). Both the breakouts were visibly reduced.  My skin feels soft. My forehead was a little shiny the first day so I've decided to use the moisturizer once a day for now to see how my skin reacts.  As this product has sod in it I decided to use during the day.  So far so good once a day use.
2690	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This just colors the eyebrow hair. It doesn't really fill anything in

6767	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Tried this and it worked so fast I don't get zits often but when I do this is the type of product I want it works.  It is not harsh but dries the zit up.
5237	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	BEST STUFF ON THE MARKET!
9482	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love to have candles around for ambiance and to add a pleasant scent to the house or just one room.  The Baxter Noir candle in Cassis is very eye catching in its design, as even the carton was unique with its embossed text and textured paper.  The candle wax is just as jet black as appears in the photo, which in person really stands out amongst the other candles.  When burning, the scent was an excellent amount that filled up a large area (living room and dining room) which a slightly citrusy and fig aroma that was not overly sweet or overbearing in any way.  I've found many candles don't always burn so evenly, however the Baxter one after about 2-3 hours of initial burn, is looking as smooth on the surface as when it was new.
7029	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this - great stuff!
1245	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Color great, too pricey
1896	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	What I thought it would be

1366	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for over a year now, and I recommend it to anyone that has thin hair on the top of the head.  The color blends in well with my own haircolor, and it adds body and texture to my own thin strands. I do try and add a side part using a thin comb or pick in order to obtain a more natural look, otherwise it can sometimes look like a wig without a natural hairpart.
2825	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff. Really gritty for exfoliating.
Seems the good people at JB are too busy to address my issue with their product so I found it best to forewarn anyone thinking about trying this product of my experience thus far. I've been acne plagued for more than 2 count them 2 decades. I've tried everything with continued disappointment including anything my dermatologist recommended. I decided to get this on a whim and the first week or so it "seemed" to show improvement.
5298	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice product.  I use a tiny brush to press a small bit on the center of my eyelid.  A little definitely goes a long way!
9082	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Number 1, I do not like to spend a lot of time on my hair.  I got things to do, places to see, and so I needed a curling iron that did what I needed it to do... make me look pretty in 4 minutes or less.  This does it!!! It heats up fast and it is just the right diameter to do what I need... curl my bangs.  I was glad I read the reviews about how hot it gets because, yup, this machine DOES get hot so I only put it to a medium heat level.  I love the easy way the bar flips up and down so I can I easily lay it on the counter while I brush my hair.  The only problem is it does not automatically shut off.  Otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.
Use a very small amount.  It goes a long way.
4876	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best powder I have every tried (I'm a product junkie and have tried a TON). This is the best because you look flawless without being caked, only need a light layer to make a difference and helps the rest of my makeup last all day. plus SPF!
I use this for both my face and body and I can proudly say that I am about 90% acne-free.
I'm also experiencing better performance from other BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA products like the body lotion, so maybe there is some difference in how a product is formulated and whether it's designed for male or females.
882	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As a skincare product this is a quality and versatile solution (product of France). The best way to use this is as one step in your skin care routine where you first wash your face, second - apply this spray, third - serum/moisturize. As a second step this product delivers nourishing hydration in the form of a naturally antioxidant thermal spring water. The serum step that follows is how you go about locking in this fine source of moisture to keep your skin looking its best.
What a huge waste of money.

7580	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product since my dermatologist put it on the shelf. That was about 8 years ago. I've tried other, cheaper products but Nectifirm is the best. I've ben purchasing it from Amazon for several years and have never been disappointed! It's worth the money and this jar will last at approximately 3 months. I'm not young. Over 60 and it works.
None of these really stand out to me.  They just blend together beautifully.
Many kinds of foundation only provide one capability.  In addition to subduing skin color variations and providing a more uniform skin color, this foundation also provides some skin moisture and provides modest sun block capabilities.  We always like multifunction products that perform their primary function well
2210	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE these pads and help greatly when used with skin lightening products to remove and lighten dark spots. I highly recommend this if you have dark spots!

1675	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty classy nuetral looks good on my light olive skin tone. Im in healthcare and this looks clean and professional. Essie always pleases!
8894	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I've used a full catalogue of Elemis products for over a month and am leaving reviews on each one.
I have found recently that I need to put on fine dustings of all powders for myself personally; and not necessarily all over my face and neck.

6244	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice assortment of bath oils.
6176	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for dry skin over the age of 35.
8414	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect Mask!
481	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	While I do have lots of things on my skin I'd like to cover well, there is too much work involved in getting this product on in the morning - I don't have endless minutes to baby sit a product to get it on my face. It's not a liquid, so there's this little applicator to get product on, then 'warming' it on my skin. First trial, I used to much and I couldn't get it to blend in and had to wash it off. Second try with less went a bit better, but having to blend it in with tiny spots of application was a pain, and I still didn't feel like I had a smooth look. And note, the portion of the product I put into my palm to warm up didn't wash off easily with soap and water. More work and time spent I don't have in the morning. This was also much darker than I expected, I believe it was called warm beige, and it's more a rusty color and too dark for beige. At least my idea of beige...
6013	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This is a drugstore quality cream. Does nothing, not particularly moisturizing. Cheap packaging.
9221	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This lasts very long. It helps with pimples but isn't a miracle worker. Not sure if I will buy again.
To me the only downside is that it can come out too fast when I am not careful, causing waste.  Occasionally too, not always, but sometimes, it can leave the skin around my t-zone feeling a bit sticky.  That area of my skin is naturally oilier, so I would think that people with oily skin might want to try to get a sample of this product if possible before investing in it.  It seems wonderful on my skin when it is dry and in need of moisture though.
After a recent haircut that left me a little disappointed, I opened the glass jar of Baxter of California Soft Water Pomade, dipped my fingertip into the contents then applied it to my hair. Suddenly, my waves could be easily manipulated into place, and the disappointing haircut was a disappointment no longer.

Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.
This conditioner is one of the best I have ever used.

416	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm not African American, but I am Hispanic with a tan right now. Normally, I don't like to tan like I did when I was a kid, but this summer I've spent a lot of time landscaping our yard, and despite wearing sunblock, my face has tanned. I did add a little lighter foundation to get the right tone, but it's so nice and dark, it covered all the wonderful dark spots the sun has graced my face with due to exposure. The added benefit is, since the foundation is dark enough to keep my face from further sun damage. It's pricey (on a teacher salary anyway), but a little goes a long way.
6374	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This made my chest and back acne worse than I've seen it in a long time. Granted, maybe my body had already planned to freak out in acne before I started using this. However, it did nothing to help the situation. I also made the mistake of using this on my lady parts which proved quite irritating. Ps the smell was not good.
1212	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the top of the lie in hair fibers.  I have to stay on a budget and use 2nd and 3rd best at times due to price.

Easy To Apply
The product - ok, the facewash is good. Doesn't dry out your face the moment you towel it off. Smells kinda lemon-esk to me. Nothing to write home about - functional, more than enough to get you through several dozen washes. The serum - so far I'm not seeing any improvements related to the would-be acne fighter. A little goes a long way. The lotion is mighty sticky, weird, very oil-free - so much so it'll suck the surface of your skin dry. I find my face is oilier in the middle of the day using this regime. If it were really balancing it wouldn't be nearly like the oil slick that it is. I have to constantly blot my acne prone, combination skin with those oil-absorbing sheets. Didn't have to do that as often before.
9862	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT product......I would not use anything else.  Reasonable ship time, came sealed good seller.
However it's definitely good enough to where I'd recommend it if you like cotton scents or want something nice and basic. If you're worried about your body chemistry, I'd say that you can use this relatively free of worry. Everyone is different, but I usually do not do well with perfumes and it smelled fine on myself.
2659	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Burberry Weekend for Women is an intoxicating scent.  As I man, this is the kind of scent that drives me wild.  It's soft, yet sophisticated;  elegant, yet sexy; and oh-so glamorous.  In fact, I'd say it's pretty much liquid heroin.  It holds magic power in it's beautiful, little bottle.  (In all seriousness, It's a beautiful bottle and package.)
3967	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wasn't sure what to expect with the Vichy Dermafinish Setting Powder, but now that I've tried it, I'd like to know where it has been my whole life.  The powder goes on smoothly and evenly, thanks to the powder puff that is included.  I have noticed a real difference in the overall tone of my skin, and the best part is that this setting powder is lightweight.  My foundation seems to last a little longer throughout the day.  Since I hate to reapply powder over and over again, this is the perfect solution.  All in all, I've been impressed with Vichy products.  They do not irritate my skin and do not have a lot of unnecessary fragrance.  This is an excellent product.
7181	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All of there products are really great for men.  I highly recommend this one for all skin types even oily skin like mine
7525	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very rich, luxurious moisturizer. It is great for dry winter skin. I received a .5 fl oz. sample size which is quite small but I was able to try the product without spending a lot of money on a full sized product. I like the hyaluronic acid in this cream which helps with those fine lines and wrinkles.  I will use this product during the dry winter months. It made my face feel very good and looking great.
6206	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It has a great although I do prefer the exfoliating cleaners
Together, these powerful ingredients target the signs of aging around the orbital bone.

To it's credit you really do only have to use a tiny bit to cover your entire head - so a little goes a long way. Shaved Ice does an excellent job soothing your skin and the chill factor is unique to say the least.
9247	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	RE:  Juice Beauty Green Apple Peel Sensitive
2225	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great pads. I normally purchase pads from my dermatologist ...will be using these ones from now on!
9634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this line and this product.  it is so moisturizing and has a great scent, good for dry skin.

5395	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin is baby soft after every use! Once a week or every 4-5 days is good enough.
3849	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Not true Hawaiian orchid! Hate the color won't use, unfortunately I threw away the package so I can't return!
3236	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This scent reminds me of my brother-in-law.  Laura Biagiotti introduced the Roma Uomo fragrance about twenty years ago and if this is not what he wears, it's exceptionally close.  The&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Laura-Biagiotti-Roma-Uomo-Deodorant-Stick-for-Men/dp/B000M00V2K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Laura Biagiotti Roma Uomo Deodorant Stick for Men</a>&nbsp;container resembles a Duracell battery on steroids, with the copper top that screws off of the base.  The bottom twists well and rest assured that if you expose too much of the stick, you can retract it without destroying the deodorant.
6827	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works well for spot treatment on very serious raised angry zits. Do NOT spread on large portions of face.
9579	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
1345	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	It takes too long to cover the patches. The colour was too dark for brown. It was like black. It cannot be used for large areas of baldness.
good for burns too.
8645	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Im a lotion junkie who also has a mercury allergy. I have no issues with this lotion! It goes on a little heavier than a light lotion, like Jergins for example. It does remain on the hands for a little bit. The scent is like that GOOD unrecognizable scent your grandma wears. I use this before bed and there was a very light but on my skin in the am.
3785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great one
1207	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Quick fix for an uneven and terrible haircut! I received a very bad student haircut that went from medium full to shorter than military with exposed scalp. I stumbled across this stuff on Amazon and bought a competitors as well. This one worked well but was actually enhanced by the other one. This was mostly because the other was a shade different in color and combined created a more natural result. My hair was shorter in one side than the other and the student actually took a 'chunk' out. I looked terrible! This stuff actually created the illusion. Of an even look and concealed my visible scalp while my hair is growing back. It is worth a try! Hair spray makes it stick and once dry will not transfer. Step 1. Shake over your washed, dried, and styled, hair like you are sifting in a back and forth motion. Step 2. Pat gently but firmly into place. Step 3. Wipe any product off your forehead, ears, neck and be prepared to do it again. Step 4. Seal it with a mist of quality hair spray ( you do not need theirs!!). Paul Mitchell Freeze and Shine worked great!
- Quick drying time:  they aren't kidding when they say it dries quick.  Faster than other mousses I've used.  No sticky feeling -- an A+ on that.  Just need to move quickly with blending in on larger areas, such as the neck.
-There seems to be a noticeable difference in my brothers skin since beginning this Baxter of California 1.2.3 Skin kit.
4296	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice, light lotion. I haven't seen much difference in my skin, but it is a nice moisturizer.
6127	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best eye cream ever. I got a sample and just loved it and the price is great. I have used so many expensive creams and this is better than all of them. My concealer goes on so smoothly with this product and it really does smooth out the lines.  I can use this product day or night I just use a good shadow base and get no creasing.  And under eyes stays nice and moisturized throughout the day.  I have used all kinds of different eye products that are far more expensive  and the best results I've gotten is combining this eye cream with Peter Thomas Roth laser free eye serum.
8706	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this brand but wasn't sure about an oil on my face.  I love the way the oil smells and my face looks and feels very hydrated.  It's amazing what happens to wrinkles when the skin is plump! I have gotten a lot of compliments on looking "fresh" and "happier" from friends this past week.  I can only attribute these compliments to my skin looking better than normal!

This razor is worth the money and it's one that is on my constant reach and rotation.
1000	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has to be BY FAR the BEST yet LEAST expensive such product ever created. In just 3-4 days of use nightly you see a remarkable difference in your skin. It dries up any break-outs, smooths texture, exfoliates dead skin, and makes your skin look younger and smoother. You could pay hundreds of dollars in treatments and not get the results such as this product gives for 2 months for practically nothing. A winner. A must have guy or girl.
3412	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color
3360	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best nude for olive or light skin tones.  Easy to use formula that takes 3 coats for opaque but you can choose to wear sheer and it will still look beautiful.  A true skin color nude that doesn't dissapoint.  I wear it in its nail envy formula which helps keep my nails strong and grow quickly.  (Yes, it works)  no chipping, but I still use the original nail envy as base coat.
I used after a shower and applied to problem areas.  Odar less, no painful stinging, just effective.  Redness and acne resolved.
  Also bought another 2013 color, Vested Interest. This is a lovely matte color, a greenish gray, that also goes great with tweeds and other fall colors. Love the slightly edgy vibe, but super wearable, and looks fabulous on short nails.
8741	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the ONLY body soap I've ever been able to use without it irritating my skin!  It is lightly scented, cleanses thoroughly yet gently, and rinses off well. It leaves your skin soft and CLEAN. Clears up any breakouts on chest or back areas too. Received a sample in a previous order and then ordered the full size. Will definitely buy again!!!
97	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Pretty color but sheer. 3 coats to build up.

  I've put this on with my fingers, a Bobbi Brown stippling brush, and a sponge.  Of all the methods I've used, I like putting this particular one on with my fingers best.  Besides the strange poking addiction I have with it, I actually found that using my fingers give me a very, very nice finish with this product.  There's never a line of demarcation - it just blends right in.  I don't need powder either.  It's just very natural, with great coverage that is really amazing considering how little pigment is actually going on your face.  It's very unusual makeup.  It covers REDNESS like a dream!
It clearly is a well-regarded product line, but it is no good for my sensitive skin. I'll look elsewhere for a good after-shave balm.
6932	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always loved this formula and the shampoo.  The other products do not smell the same and do not work as well for me.  I wish I could find this formula in the shampoo, conditioner, and leave-treatment at my local stores, but no one seems to carry it anymore.  Definitely the best products are these original ones...

Love that it doesn't contain any artificial fragrances or dyes. Please note that it does contain silicones if you are looking to avoid those. However, it is free of sulfates. This is pretty gentle on the skin, I think, and I do feel like my skin was softer after using it. (To be fair, I was also using body lotion, so I can't attribute the softness 100% to this product. But this certainly wasn't hurting!)
9108	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this curling iron curls my hair perfectly! it heats up fast, gets real hot and creates perfect waves or perfect spirals (depending on if i curl the hair or wrap it with the tool upside down). i totally recommend it!
9173	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just received my set of 3 products. I opened the box and there was spillage in the box because one of the lids came off.

4. The most gorgeous tube you've ever seen. You'll want to grab it in the morning, and it's a conversation piece for anyone who spots it in your bathroom. It also makes my son want to brush, because he's enthralled with the silver-and-purple tube with the cool top.
7850	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The polish is okay but the brush separated from the cap the second time I opened it.  Now the black cap twists off and I have to use an instrument or pliers to remove the brush from the polish.
446	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	this works pretty well but I ordered a shade that was really too dark for me.  Overall I do like it and I'll be buying it in a lighter shade.  It was easy to apply and covered well!  Nice and smooth, and the ingredients seem to be high quality.

7016	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The perfect kit to address all the concerns of acne prone skin-- it helps fight my oily skin in my T zone and the dryness I have on my cheeks. The smell is great too!

7743	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	didnt work for me moving on from Mario Badescu tried multiple products nothing worked!
9925	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.
4605	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I couldn't be happier with the Age Defy Moisturizer except maybe if it came in a larger container for a cheaper price!  After using this product for over a week I can already see an improvement in my skin.  When I opened the 2 fl. oz. container you get a very light scent that is not cloying or oppressive.  The texture of the lotion is so smooth and spread easily over my face.  It absorbed quickly and I was left with a light glow.  It did not appear oil or greasy at all.  My skin feels firmer and I really liked how soft it made my skin feel.  With items I review from Vine, one of the elements that I judge them off of is would I buy it on my own after I used the sample, with the Juice Beauty Green Apple Age Defy Moisturizer, I would definitely purchase more of the moisturizer.
5756	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I couldn't wait to get this lip butter after hearing so many people rave about how good they were.  I must say I wasn't impressed, especially for the price!  I will stick to my nivea lip butters

I like that there is almost no odor, and what faint hint you do smell is almost like fresh grass. You do need to remember to use sunscreen after this product because the AHA's will make it easier for you to burn. And, it is a bit thin in viscosity.
9098	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have really long this hair and use this for light curls ad a bit of bounce. The size is perfect for loose curls.

797	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great moisturizer, very light nice scent, applies smooth and works!
8359	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It does an excellent job of improving completion and temporarily shrinking pores to slow oil production.
8182	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great product and smells really nice. I use it every day as part of my cleaning regimen. I have fair skin and it really works for me.
Excellent product that works so much better with the spray applicator.

1803	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just love this color :-)
However, it is rather expensive given what it does and the small amount. But, on the plus side it doesnt have any noticeable smell.
2385	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just reordered Pevonia Hydrating Sunscreen, SPF 30, 5 oz.  It is really gentle on my face and offers the protection I need.  It is a little pricey but lasts a long time because you only need a little dab.  Wish it was in a different type container though.  It is a bit clumsy.
negative reviews made the same mistake. How can you expect to reverse sun damage if you continue to expose your skin to UV?
2. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL TRANSLUCENT LOOSE SETTING POWDER (NO SPF):
9274	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive, reactive skin that tends to be dry on my cheeks.  I use this and it has taken the redness out of my cheeks, I rarely have to wear any makeup now except a quick brush of powder.  I use this with the Rebalance and then top off with Silk Balm just on my cheeks to counteract the dryness my cheeks experience.  PCA has been the best thing that has happened to my skin for a decade.
9159	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A necessity for random breakouts!!
Inactive Ingredients
Love that it's made from organic ingredients.
7532	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Winter is here and this is much appreciated. I'm dealing with adult hormonal acne right now so I didn't need anything oil based to clog up my pores. It's also ridiculously dry out there (and inside!) and my face is suffering. This is a great solution.
6315	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This stuff is a miracle in a jar. It's a bit heavy for my skin every night but it works wonders when I get dry patches or need my skin to look dewy the next day.
1206	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is great. I have a frontal incline of my hairline and this product helps cover it up perfectly. Can't tell at all i have this in my hair and thats the way i like it. Highly recommend


9600	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband loves this and I enjoy it when he wears it. Pricey for our budget, but plan to keep indulging-it's worth it.
SUMMARY
7135	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am a woman who suffers from skin issues from


6584	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have this on my desk at work and I mist my face whenever I look at it. Smells nice and refreshes your face and moisturizes it for sure.
1899	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color! Goes on gelly like, but evenly. Two coats is all you need. And excellent service from the merchant.
7950	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only buy this on Amazon. Great price!
5226	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	excellent
227	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful colors by OPI infinite shine collection
Sean Logue, 2017

After use, the face is glowing, slightly pinker, and moist. There is no flaking, burning, or drying. The skin feels super clean, plumper, hydrated,  and perhaps more `balanced'.  The skin tone looks more even and improved after use.
4092	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best shampoo in the market for white hair.  Leaves it whiter than white and shiny.  I have used this product for more than 15 years.
6069	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	it was a gift and there are no complaints

6344	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a fairly decent nourishing oil that absorbs quickly into the skin without leaving any sticky or oily residue. Applying a makeup foundation over this is no problem at all. It only takes a couple drops to treat the skin of your face, so this 1 ounce bottle should last quite a while. The scent is very light and pleasant, but also quickly fades quickly which I deem a good thing.
5504	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works good has a good air flow for a brush.  Can run for a pretty long time without overheating.  My hair is past shoulders I dry it first with blow dryer then switch to brush when hair is just slightly damp.  This is for speed.
3697	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this two months ago and wanted to see the difference in my skin; wow! This product is amazing! Only use very tiny bit and it takes off all makeup quickly!
PROS
WHAT IS THIS FOUNDATION LIKE?

chemicals like parabens.
It's amazing. It's not like you suddenly have big hair, it just feels like the strands have a thickness to them but not weighed down at all.  I use it on towel dried hair before I style or air dry.  A little goes a long way so this will last for some time. It especially helps at the top of my scalp where I was seeing a lot of scalp and not enough hair. I'm not saying it grows hair, but just seems to fill in more.
It is moisturizing and non-drying but it has some fruit extracts, including fruit acids.  These, I think, are critical.  (See the full ingredients list by zooming in on the product image of the back of the container.)  They have some mildly astringent properties that actually tone/tighten the skin based on my experience, but they also do a bit of gentle exfoliation.  If you have sensitive skin and can't take strongly acidic toners, this may be an option for you.  (I am a big fan of exfoliators, especially gentle ones like this because I sometimes go overboard with the scrubs and have to dial things back a bit.  But it is hard to go overboard with this type of product as long as you apply it with a gentle or non-scractchy cotton pad.)
4517	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I always stocked up on Micellar water products when I went to France - they've used it & loved it for years.  It was supposedly invented for Parisian women because the water in Paris is so "hard".  The water is hard there, I can vouch for that & that is why the pharmacy was always one of my first stops when arriving in Paris.  Hard water makes it difficult to remove your makeup & tends to dry out the skin.
103	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Such a pretty and light color
I do recommend this product.  It is thick, and acts as a protective layer over moisturizer locking in that moisture.
8980	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have purchased 3 of this product as a gift to my friends. Delivery was fast and the scent was great! After a week I repurchased another bottle for myself.

610	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you want a lip liner that is not too defining this is it.  It is subtle in color, but just enough to prevent feathering.
5496	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Came and the bottle was smashed up and it was empty.
Thymus Vulgaris (Thyme) Extract
* Safety-Sealed
My Neutrogena toner and grocery store generic makeup remover are preferable to this product. I'd rather spend the money on these two products I know work than buy this one that's just so so.
The creamy,  whipped consistency is nice and feels more like you're cleansing with cold cream than actually using a scrub.
9400	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love OPI. This shade of green is very pretty
718	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Not any better than off-the-shelf hairspray. Unpleasant aroma. Used it a couple times then threw it out. Picked up a large 11oz can of TRESemm&eacute; TRES Two Hairspray at drug store for about $4 (Amazon also carries it) which has a much more pleasant aroma and works just as good.


I do recommend it.

Day 1- applied it using a brush morning and night. felt a slight sting both times and area turned red. i put the gel on after i toned and moisturized my skin

1255	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing product for thin hair.  Use it with covure and they work great  together.
You want to make sure you get it on the ROOTS/Scalp.. brush hair afterward to knock off "extra" and use hairspray.  It will look awesome and STAY PUT. Been using this for 2 years now and tried SEVERAL types before I found this... if I was a "prep per" I would stock food, water, emergency supplies and THIS for the vanity side of me.
Biolage used to be my favorite shampoo and conditioner until I got the abba Moisture shampoo and conditioner. Especially for normal or fine hair, if you use the shampoo and conditioner, your hair will come out like silk and lay perfect (with no weighed down residue feeling) after a blow dry!

6340	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Mario Badescu Rose Hips Nourishing Oil is a very small bottle of facial oil.
I have used it several times about every 7-10 days. without  noticing any ill effect. I've not  had to discontinue use for any reasons.  There has been no rash or skin outbreak.
2734	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good colors....
3826	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All Mario products are great.  Love this one too!
my favorite sunscreen thus far.

1227	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was so happy to find the toppix fibers in a light brown and a nice sized container.
Although it's not really to my specific tastes, it's a quality product.
7197	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried a handful of lower end spray dry shampoos. I haven't gotten a chance to try the more expensive kind, but I don't know if I want to when I have this powder.  At first it wasn't what I expected. A blonde friend recommended it to me and upon first use, I was convinced it wasn't intended for dark hair. No, it's great, but there's a learning curve.

8585	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	On time shipping and, brand new!!
989	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love these pads.



8560	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best there is.
305	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my new favorite color. It is gorgeous! It's a dark purplish bluish color. Just what I was looking for!
As one can see there are so many artificial ingredients in this product, that can make one dizzy.  As excited as I was that this product contains amaranth, artemis flower, rosemary, pea, sage, mango and shea butter it also contains methylparaben and ethylparaben.  For anyone allergic to the fragrance, a note that this product dies contain fragrance.  Product provides a lot of moisture on the skin and it absorbs well without leaving residue.  It is perfect for using underneath the make up.  But the other weakness of this product is that it does not have SPF so one should apply SPF on top of this crme.
The bottle has a nice sprayer. I feel like this is a good scent for all seasons.
8856	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These candles are so worth the price.  He several of the scents.  Just got the Kitchen scent and it is great. Great gifts.
7429	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have had mild breakouts off and on my entire adult life (I am now 41 and still get them!). I have tried every single skin care product on the market-no exageration-and always go back to Skyn because it is very worth the price. Excellent quality and greet skin within a month of using. I pray Skyn doesn't go out of business...!!
Anyways the cream unlike the green soap of Proraso has clear differences in scent , form, and structure. First off the scent is less powdery and soapy, more cologne oriented than the green tub. It still stands out even with the green pre shaving cream I added before hand.
9750	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This Juice Beauty moisturizer is light, has a delicate scent, and is keeping my skin well hydrated with the cold weather. I like that the ingredients are plant-based as well as organic. This cream applies to the skin easily but does take a few minutes to be adequately absorbed; until then, it will be slightly tacky to the touch. I had no trouble with skin irritation or redness but do keep it away from your eyes. I rubbed too closely to my eye causing it to water.
8648	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lotion is amazing.  It is everything you want it to be.  The scent is fresh, not heavy, the lotion is light and not at all greasy.  This lotion leaves your skin so soft.  I have been using it for 5 days now and I know this sounds crazy but my skin feels so much better.  I love Mario Badescu products, they have yet to disappoint me.
Original review:
8449	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Has a lovely fresh smell, without being overpowering. Creamy, with only the lightest amount of abrasion. Left my face very soft.
4723	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was originally gifted this product and loved it so much that I bought it again when my original bottle was done. It's light, and doesn't make your hair feel gross or dirty. Although I mostly use it when my hair is wet, I have used a little bit on dry hair to give it more volume. It's not sticky, so it won't make your strands clump together either. It's at a great price point for the amount of product you get. It smells great, too, and reminds me of the beach!
5271	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical about buying the cleanser figuring that my current oil free acne cleanser was good enough. I ended up using the travel size to see if it made a difference and it REALLY did. I now use all PCA products and can honestly say that I've been impressed with every product. And like their other products, this cleanser goes a long way and last a good while so its definitely worth the money for me!!
232	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Really pretty color, but not good for a yellower skin-tone. Gave it to my mom who is more of a pink skin tone. Very blue undertones
Update- maybe 1/2 hr later: This maybe an outlier issue, but my face feels warm and red, and now also a bit tingly (not in a good way). i'm going to wash this off with soap, as i guess i'm one of the few that might be having a bad reaction to the cream.
I strongly recommend the OPI nail products. Truly superior. Your husband or boyfriend will be delighted.
3006	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	La Roche-Posay Lipikar Body Lotion Daily Repair Moisturizing 400 ml - 13.52 fl. oz, spreads smoothly, gets absorbed quickly, moisturizes well, and is not greasy. The best, most effective applications are taking it: after shower/bath, on daily basis before sleeping, for deep moisturizing especially in dry environments (dry climate, winter, or air-conditioned/heated rooms/spaces/quarters), and against dry skin in general. After the use, the dry skin hydration increases resulting in a visible improvement in the skin smoothness and softness. Nevertheless, the wrinkles somewhat lost their depth and pronunciation without any doubts. However, the lotion made the skin more delicate that might have been an unavoidable byproduct of its increased softness. For the same reason, the skin became min. more sensitive to touch and prone to scratch, but - at the same time - faster healing for its increased moist, as under a Band-Aid. It is mid-priced.
9907	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I hate benzoyl peroxide products,EXCEPT this one !!  It has a nice fragrance and left my skin feeling very soft and not irritated.  Definitely would order again.
787	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a great foundation, good coverage, long lasting, great finish. It was a little tricky to apply at first, but worth the effort, I tried with my fingers first, then a brush and found it was best for me to use a damp sponge.  I wish a sponge applicator was either included with this compact or that there was a space to add one.  Does not clog pores, provides a flawless, long lasting finish.
4546	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The product works for my sister and niece's hair. They've done A LOT of damage to their hair and this serum makes seem not so dead. It makes it feel softer and smoother. I was surprised at the difference when I touched their hair before and after application. Overall, it works and the package arrived ahead of time.
I have not used the product enough times to see a reduction in pigmentation, but will report back.
I still use another product (a colored powder) that I brush onto my scalp to help cover the sparser areas in front.  But, I use far less of it with Toppik's products.
3978	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
4330	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As soon as I received this lip balm I was extremely eager to try it out. I have a bit of an obsession with lip glosses and have so many I could probably provide lip color for every woman in a small country for a year. You name the brand, I probably have a tube. From Dior to Avon, Clinique to Bare Escentuals, Victoria's Secret to some random no-name gloss picked up at Target. I have them all and love trying out new ones.
9858	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT!!!!!
My skin got oily within a few hours, which is typical, but the foundation stayed on well.
After a couple of weeks of use, I really can tell a difference in my hair. Some "thickening" shampoos leave a build-up that makes the hair feel thicker but leaves fine hair looking lank. This product does not have that problem. It's not a miracle-worker, but it's given my hair enough extra body that I've been able to change the way I style it. I can honestly say this is the happiest I've ever been with a hair product that promised body and volume. I'll definitely buy more.
-it hides grays between colors

8094	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My main complaint with this stuff is that it ships in a glass jar. That makes it difficult to toss into my bag for traveling.
Don't hesitate purchasing this body lotion. You and your skin will thank me for it.
Comes in a fairly large clear bottle with a "dropper-style" application. Slight medicinal scent but not unpleasant at all. Consistency like a serum - not too thick clear product.

Note: Would probably not work as well on bald heads or severe hair loss.

5860	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This item is a little pricey but well worth it.  I purchased it about 12 months ago, and after using it once a week every week, there is at least half a bottle of product left.  I use with China Glaze, OPI, Orly and Butter London polishes. Every manicure is a success, long lasting and smooth coverage.  Wait about 10 minutes between applications of base coat (Butter London), 2 applications of nail polish, then top coat.  Wonderful results!

7918	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was so happy to find the toppix fibers in a light brown and a nice sized container.
6306	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My daughter is the one who suggested Mario Badescu to me. This is a good mild cream soap.  I'm 53 and I take care of my skin, this didn't dry or strip my skin. Anything from this line is excellent.
4425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I actually started off with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vichy-s-regular-3-in-1-One-Step-Cleansing-Micellar-Water-Facial-Cleanser/dp/B06ZYHNLSG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vichy's regular 3-in-1 One Step Cleansing Micellar Water Facial Cleanser</a>&nbsp;and was amazed at how well it cleaned my skin.  HOWEVER I found that it was way too drying for my old mom skin.  It left my face clean but irritatingly dry.

2424	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use it daily, great stuff. I'm outside all day long. It's amazing.
6905	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product as an "after shave"...
228	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful colors by OPI infinite shine collection
58	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color and brand
1865	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Essie is my favorite polish ....... love all the different colors.

3784	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Bought this because I thought I had milia and heard this could help. Turns out that's not what this is, so I'm still using this but there's no visible change in my skin, so I can't exactly praise it. It's very gentle, and it says it's an exfoliator, so if you're easily bothered by ones containing grittiness, give this a shot!
I've used a ton of primers, from cheap to pricey. This one falls somewhere towards the lower end of wear for me. I have combination skin (older skin to boot but I use peels) and this primer made my foundation patchy after a few hours. I'm currently wearing Lancme Teinte Idole 24Hr over their Lancme-branded Pro base. The Lancme foundation slid around on the Vincent Longo base. I normally get about 12 hours of uninterrupted wear out of the Lancme otherwise.
This lotion is not tested on animals and is made in the USA.
6331	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I keep trying various oils but my sensitive skin has revolted against almost every single one.  FINALLY with this oil my skin is behaving and drinking it up.  It's lightly moisturizing and has evened out my skin tone.
Some info about me: age 25, female. I'm also taking a hormone blocker called Aldactone and I've cut dairy out of my diet entirely so it's hard to identify exactly which of those things is working..
This product may cause stinging when you first begin to use it, especially if you have never used glycolic acid products before. If you have sensitive skin, it may be best to start with either this strength (15%) or the 10% to allow your skin to get used to the glycolic acid before moving up to the higher 20% strength. The burning and tingling doesn't last long, and you will begin to notice that it doesn't seem to burn after using it several times.
7881	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this production, but sometimes it comes out a bit, even with the Fiberhold Spray. Definitely would recommend it for anyone with thin/thinning hair.
8603	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite brush. It's my second one. I had my other one for years, from the time I was 16 until I was 28. It survived being thrown (very hard) lol at my ex husband and dropped. It eventually cracked, but it still worked great. Never pulled my hair the needles stayed in. I retired my first brush that I originally purchased at a salon and bought this. I can't tell the difference in the quality of that one and this one. If you like paddle brushes this one is legit. It glides thru your hair smoothly without pulling it. It feels good.
The formulation was the real disappointment though as it settled immediately into my lip lines (I'm 33 and don't normally have that problem) and the wear time was a joke.  It was practically gone in two hours without eating or drinking anything.


9773	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this!!!!! Covers well and doesn't leave crease marks.



8599	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Noodle & Boo baby products! These wipes smell fresh and clean and do not irritate baby's skin.
9078	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE IT,WARMS PRETTY FAST,AND MAKE NICE CURLS!!
2334	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I must admit...I am NOT the target audience for this product, being a woman, however I used it anyway.  I was very pleased with it.  It has a light fragrance that is not "manly" or overbearing.  It does not leave my face oily or greasy.  It absorbs nicely and leaves my skin smooth and soft.  It did not irritate my sensitive skin.  I really really like it.

4) Billy Jealousy Shaved Ice


As I said, I rarely have occasion to wear fragrance, so this bottle should last me another 15 years or so. It's a very nice fragrance and I'm glad I decided to try it.
4123	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I should have ordered two!

8334	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this stuff!! Wish I would have found this year's ago ...it would have saved me tons of money !!!
7419	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The exfoliating quality of Baxter of California Night Cream AHA comes from this lotion's glycolic acid base, which is a very mild alpha hydroxyl formulation.  After several weeks of use, I saw no redness as I've experienced with other exfoliants.  But neither did I see any real change in my skin.


2129	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is great toothpaste, really makes your whole mouth feel crisp and clean. It has a nice and strong minty taste and will make your breathe fresh for a long ime, it is like altoids but in toothpaste form. Yes it is expensive compared to the store bought over the counter brands but it is so much better tasting, much better for making your teeth & mouth feel clean and it tastes really good. Does not have a "burn" or "sting" alot of people get from OTC toothpaste. I just recently purchased the Aquatic Mint flavor so I will write a review once I use that. I will continue to use Marvis Toothpaste as my "Go To" toothpaste.. A+ toothpaste and A+ odor/flavor all the way..great purchase..try it out for yourself, you will not be dissapointed..
7478	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have curly, frizzy hair. Chi Silk Infusion straightens it and makes it look great. You only need about the size of a quarter (I have short hair).
In every method:
8803	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an expensive product, but I believe it is worth every penny.  I have never heard of a product layering over moisturizer.  This serum is very thick and comes out of a decent sized bottle made of plastic.  The opening is very narrow as to not over-dispense.
61	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color! Goes on in one coat, dries quickly, easy application brush.
82	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another great color from opi, girl friend loves it.
13	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the cream it's so beautiful
Now I have cracked, damaged awful nails that I haven't had in years.
2634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This smells like JPG Le Male for less than half the price.  Why pay twice as much for a torso bottle?  This is the smart choice.
4467	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The early results seem good. It's not irritating my skin, even when it gets pretty close to my eyes. I think I laid it on a little thicker than necessary the first couple of times, so once I got a feel for it I was using less, which will make it a much better value over time too.
8261	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love
I think this stuff is overpriced for the value. I have better results using drug store brands, changing pillow cases and towels every other day, and keeping my hands off my face.
8801	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have never used this brand before so I plan to come back and re-evaluate the rating depending on if it is better or worse the current rating.  It comes in an easy to squeeze bottle and looks like a blue gel when you apply it to your skin. I have an extremely dry area on both of my forearms and although some moisturizers work better than others, nothing has solved the problem. I am applying my best moisturizing cream first and then this serum to lock in the mositurizer;

5469	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Don't like that Petrolatum is the 2nd ingredient.  Wish they'd use a better product as part of the base.  There are so many wonderful skin-loving, nourishing oils and butters out there, but I am just not thrilled about the Petrolatum being the main ingredient (other than sugar)
7480	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A must have for any hair...gives shine and healthy manageability!
Will be looking at this entire product line now.  Really like this blush.

4977	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Ever since Proactiv, every facewash comes in a 1-2-3 kit these days. The three products--usually wash, toner and moisturizer--are supposed to combine to fight off acne and make your skin glow. In this case, I would say the Baxter 1.2.3 kit is more of a Bundle of various skin products which have been around forever, but do work.

6. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL QUICK-FIX BODY (NO SPF):
5396	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Clears pores :)
Though you can apply this foundation with a foundation brush, I like heavier coverage so I use a sponge applicator. I circle the sponge over the foundation pot--the product description says to never puncture the surface!--and then wipe it in a downward motion on my face. I use a drugstore brand primer first, of course. I also make sure my face is well exfoliated and moisturized too.
8704	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is--pleasantly--light both in texture and in scent.  Lest that sound like damning the product with faint praise, I DON'T mean it that way.  I really dislike strongly scented facial products, and have found that more and more products seem now to have strong scents.  I have also found that 'rich' products are as often (if not more often) pore-clogging as helpful.
It says that it's "never cakey" but after I had applied a thin layer using my hands and my blending brush I definitely noticed it to be more cakey than my normal liquid foundation.  I was expecting a little more from this product as the company has a good reputation.
I use this for both my face and body and I can proudly say that I am about 90% acne-free.
628	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the powder but wish it was a shade darker since it seems super light when I put it on.
Obviously, the efficacy of a product like this is something one can ascertain accurately only over the course of months.  But the initial impression/first few uses can also make or break the 'beautiful relationship.'
9962	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried everything from premium designer stuff to the value stuff.  When it comes down to it, it's really just shaving soap.  This stuff is no different.  Proraso is a very good shaving product.  It doesn't have the variety of scents that other soaps/creams have, but for the price, it's a good low-frills product.  The soap is just hard enough to load my brush on it, but soft enough to get a really good load without too much effort.  It really whips up a great rich lather that is very slick.  It leaves my skin feeling hydrated and it works great with the Nivea aftershave balm.  The only gripe I have is the scent.  I don't particularly care for the soapy scent.  It's not bad, I just wouldn't wear it as a cologne.  Of course, smell is completely subjective.  Like most all soaps, the scent doesn't linger for more than a few minutes anyway.

2730	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The colors aren't anything special; just pleasant  and easy to apply.


9407	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As I've gotten older my eyes have gotten more sensitive and some brands of eye make up make the whites of my eyes look like complicated road maps and make my tear ducts stream waterfalls. This eyeliner did neither. I've used several liquid eyeliners and really like the 'brush' on this one. Goes on smoothly with even application. The eyeliner also stays on--since I don't have to rub my eyes do to irritation from the liner - I don't know how well it stays on under a 'rubbing' assault, however, it stays on well with 'normal tear and wear.'
7736	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Def must to add to your beauty routine!
mid notes: magnolia, calla lily, and vanilla orchid
553	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I think finding the right shade of concealer or foundation online is hard.  I am not sure this is the right shade for me or my daughter, but going to give it a try.  I love the thickness of this cover creme, it will definitely do the the trick to cover up blemishes or under eye circles.  If you don't like thick heavy concealer, this is not for you.  If you need a highly pigmented, heavy concealer, I recommend you try this one.  I am very happy with it, but I might need to try another shade.  Follow instructions that come with it for application.
CLEAN Warm Cotton is a light fragrance that sticks close to me, so it wins on that count.  It also does smell nice.  I love the smell of a clean towel coming out of the dryer as much as the next crazy person who enjoys smelling their laundry.
4766	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good product!!! I'm a DE safety razor wet shaver and wear a full beard. I like this product, because its clear when applied, so that you can view beard while shaving. End result a barber quality shave with zero irratation.
7315	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very clean, masculine scent. Compliments the shaving cream and after shave well.
9340	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I always love buying Moroccan Oil from Amazon. I find when I don't use it my hair becomes dull and damaged. Don't know if it does wonders frizz, but I have curly hair and it's all I use to keep a natural effortless curly (messy) look. Love it! My hair smells great too!
6659	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hands down the curling on the market!
4892	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this product
Using micellar water is quick and easy. Saturate a cotton round or ball and wipe away the grime.
2000	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	a true fushia which is really hard to find.  Very nice formular coverage is good and the color is WOW!
7724	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Worked well as a concealer under foundation. Hid unattractive red spots and blotches on my face. Stayed in place all day. Blended in well and felt nice on the skin. Little pricy, but it does work and it doesn't take much.

Smell: When I first put this on, the smell seems refreshing, but it is a lasting fragrance that is slightly strong for my tastes. If you want an idea of how this smells on the skin, it is similar to the Watkins brand green tea and aloe scented line of products.

8380	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Highly recommended
4115	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You need this period.
6213	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I chose this product as it had a good review for helping skin with rosacea
8388	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great mask for 30+ skin.  It moisturizes your skin from within and makes the surface more toned and even.

My advice if you want to try it because you like that old fashioned type of scent is to apply it properly- spray into the air and walk through it, never apply directly to the skin. Or try using it as a light room spray or closet spray. I don't want to preach here but gone are the days of women wearing heavy scents into work and getting away with it. So many of us are crammed into more reconditioned air and we all need to be sensitive to the noses of our coworkers. No one wants to be remembered as that strongly stinky person in the office. Your scent should be special to you and to anyone who is close enough to share it in your personal space.


3. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SET + REFRESH LONG-LASTING MAKE-UP SETTING SPRAY (NO SPF):
8933	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always have this on hand. Best setting spray I have ever used. I use this during and after my makeup, making it last extra long and allowing my makeup to blend out beautifully. Whenever I am spraying my makeup at the end I also spray a couple sprays on my hair as well. It somehow also takes my flyaways and just makes my hair look so much better. I always have this on hand and purchase about a bottle every 2-3 months
5072	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Other reviewers commented that this product was very thick - and they did not mean that in a good way.

I have been using LOreal products since the 1980s when my best friend was wearing a frosted lipstick I liked and I later sought out.  It smelled good too. It was a truer color in my eyes, since many comparable brands were putting red tinges into the light pinks and such.  Also, some of the LOreal colors of lipsticks and eyeshadows were pearly, and I liked them because they looked very ethereal, as with the pink-violet lipstick that changed colors depending on the light.
9342	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the smell and I believe this product works very well, I recommend it for someone who has dry hair.
5315	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used this product for over 8 years and I've never loved a cleanser like I do Nia 24.  I'm 57, and I live in Santa Fe, New Mexico.  The sun shines more than 300 days a year here and the elevation is over 7,000 feet, so skin can whither and die a quick death!  But, sun damage I had started having (brown areas at my hairline) in my 40's have actually disappeared.  And, there is no bleaching element in this stuff - it just works.
1987	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I really loved the color, and that's why I gave it one star. After I put the polish on, it was bubbly, it was very thick to put on, like polish does when it gets older, really disappointed since this was my first Essie polish purchase.
6779	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the one product if you have acne and want it gone fast. Wash your face, dip the qtip into the pink sediment and dab a nice thick schmear on it. I woke up and they were significantly smaller and less red. I combine this with his buffering lotion when Im having a really bad cystic with regular acne breakout.
7689	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Makes my skin feel great
The biggest bonus for this night creamand maybe why it is targeted for menis that it is entirely odor free. I like that. I don't want any scents in my product, especially for a night cream. If you are interested in natural products, then Baxter of California is not for you. The ingredients lists is full of unpronounceables. Dimethicone and parabens and propolyne glycol and that sort of thing.
118	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this
1728	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color.  It is vibrant and does not chip.  Receive many compliments
4836	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Although I hated Oscar Blandi's Lacca hairspray, I happen to really like this dry shampoo powder.  I find spray dry shampoo to be very messy and the white residue always leaves a grayish cast even on my dark blond hair.  However, I try to wash my color treated hair as little as possible and I can usually get away with two days without using anything but on the 3rd day, dry shampoo comes in very handy.  I very much prefer this form of dry shampoo.  I sprinkle the powder on the roots every 1/2 inch or so from ear to ear and a little bit in the back.  I wait about 20 minutes while I do my makeup, making sure I work the powder into the roots as if it were regular shampoo.  After waiting the required minutes, I brush out whatever residue remains with a 100% boar bristle brush (plastic bristles do not work for this maneuver).  Most of the residue disappears as the oil is absorbed so this dry shampoo doesn't leave a grayish cast at all.  It has a very subtle scent (that dissipates quickly however) and also adds some nice volume that lasts all day and can be easily reinflated with a fluff of the fingers.  It definitely makes my hair feel cleaner and when I use it, I can wear my hair down an extra day.  This powder also washes out easily, leaving no residue whatsoever.  Yes, this product is rather expensive.  I get the 2.5 ounce size and it does last for a couple of months, even though I use it a couple of times a week.  It takes very little powder to do the job so the small size is somewhat deceptive. Amazon has the 1 ounce size of Pronto, which is like a trial or travel size and if you're looking for a really good dry shampoo product, I urge you to give it a try.

533	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If you need a full coverage foundation and you do not have very many facial wrinkles, then this Cover Creme by Dermablend may work well for you. It is definitely a thick makeup which will help to cover any pigmentation problems. However, because it is a very thick cream (almost as heavy as the average concealer), if you have the normal lines and wrinkles on your face that are a result of aging, then this foundation may catch in those lines and not give you a smooth finish. One of the important things is to blot your skin after the makeup is applied. The directions also call for a "setting" powder, however, that may also just increase the "caking" effect in the lines of your skin. Personally, I did achieve a good, matte finish with this makeup and did not feel the need for a setting powder.
2753	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My wife tried this cream.  It is light, not greasy, and does help reduce morning puffiness.
3943	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the smell. similar to baby powder
This spray says once you try it you won't want to be without it...well, that couldn't be more accurate. This spray is one of the best skincare products I have found in recent memory and definitely worth the time and investment. Couldn't be happier and neither could me skin.
Over all, 5 stars for value, ease of use, and quality of shave.
9130	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	What pimple? I love this product!!! it dries pimples over night to decrease swelling and tenderness, I LOVE it!
9339	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for softening my hair and it smells terrific.  I even use it on my skin from time to time.
1585	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great summer color!!

7260	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	New to JI cosmetics and absolutely loving the line.  Goes on soo light almost feels like nothing on your face. I plan to change to this brand since it really feels good on my skin/face.

7872	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK Product
6889	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic product!  I'm a middle aged man with serious skin problems.  This is my daily scrub.  In addition to no allergic reactions (I have an impressive array of sensitives), this does a great job of prepping my skin for shaving.


4659	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	In the past, I have used Juice Beauty's moisturizer and was so pleased with it I thought ordering this acne set for my teenager would be a no-brainer. Boy, was I wrong!
I haven't noticed a thickening of my hair volume as yet, but I've just been using the shampoo for a week. Overall, I'm pleased with the JB Thickening Shampoo but I'm still debating whether it's worth the steep price tag.
As for sizing the one inch is the most popular and any hair stylist worth their salt can straighten any size curl or wave with the one inch diameter plate. The price on Amazon was the best - beating out even the closed to the general public beauty supply houses that cater only to professionals.
skin type: slightly sensitive with slight rosacea
2935	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can not go wrong with Jack Black!
1264	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great price, fast shipping!
6503	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased several of these candles after having received one as a gift.  This scent was new for me and I wasn't disappointed!
4851	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Continues to provide the best quality coverage while being kind to the skin!

note* it is not great when it comes to traveling. the actual gel comes out when i carry it in my bag and sticks around inside the cap so i find that to be wasteful, and it happens pretty often. you basically have to keep it in an upright position the entire time so when you bring it along for travel, make sure it's able to stay in an up right position otherwise you are going to lose some of it.


1805	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this color. It actually is the same color as the picture on the computer which was thrilling and shocking.
8442	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I am a fan of Mario Badescu products.  I have recommended them to clients with skin sensitivities and in most cases they have been very happy with their performance.  Once in a while, however, I come across a product which I am not as fond of.  This, unfortunately, happens to be one of them.
2387	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfume is one of those hard things to review.  Not every scent is for everyone.  This perfume in particular is a very deep scent.  Some people prefer more light and floral, or fruity scent, but this is much heavier.  I enjoy it as I enjoy a variety of scents.

2552	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This aftershave is great.

The color blends well for my face/ coloring.

3313	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lip pencil is very rich and pigmented, which reminds me of the Nars ones. It doesn't dry out my skin. It does not flake. It glides on easily. And I love the two colors: one is like peachy pink; the other is like wine color. Both are versatile and elegant.
362	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I'm a fan of Dermablend--great concealers and powders, but this foundation wasn't my favorite. For one, it's a lot cooler (pink) than I was expecting (I got the shade 30w Yellow Beige).  It doesn't feel heavy on the skin, but it looked very mask-like. It did last on me all day and it was very full coverage, but it didn't look good.
I have no "dislikes" for this product.
8509	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	really good
4020	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	10 stars!
The horrible thing about this product is that this is my second bottle. I bought one in the actual store and this one here and the pumps never work.
6216	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This doesn't work as well as TNS essential serum or Recovery Complex for getting rid of wrinkles, but pretty close. It smooths wrinkles out a bit and gives your face UV protection at the same time along with adding the same color tone to your whole face. I used to use TNS essential serum, TNS Recovery Complex, TNS Dermal Repai, and TNS Retinol. It was to much time. Now I just use this and almost get very close to the same great result in a fraction of the time. I've repurchased it several times and will continue to.
7510	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like many other moisturizer products I've tried, I wasn't expecting this to actually do what it says it's going to do. I was surprised to feel after just one use, my skin was softer than I had ever felt it before. After two weeks there is 85% marked improvement in the sun damage on my chest. I'm floored. It's like having brand new skin. Needless to say, I'm ordering more.
 Over 20 years ago  or longer, when I would purchase a skin care system, it would include an astringent product that you would put on with a cotton ball  before  applying the moisturizers. The first time I reviewed one of many water-based cleansers such as this one, I was tempted to use them the same as I would an astringent  toner. Perhaps now these water-based products are more prevalent. There does appear to be many of them out on the market.  I have just noticed that. While some conventional cleansers might do very well at removing dirt, and leaving some residue, there is nothing better in my opinion than wiping my face clean until the cotton pad shows no signs of make up for dirt.
6450	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a great serum, it works by itself in the summer or fall to keep skin hydrated and will also work over a moisturizer. I sometimes mix a little foundation in my moisturizer to give it a BB cream type of effect, but then the drier parts of my face start flaking. This hydrating serum is perfect to apply over the moisturizer as it makes the flakiness go away.
8319	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another hit colour from the butter brand of nail polish! I bought this one as a gift and will now likely purchase for myself!

Highly Recommended. prisrob 04-15-17

64	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I would give this zero stars. Formula is very watery. Something is not right with it. I will be returning. Very disappointed for an OPI product.
That said, I really like. And I'm a price checker....this is a good price for a good cream, others at the makeup counter are much more expensive.  For example, I last tried an Estee Lauder heavy cream that was so heavily scented that it made my eyes tear up (why fragrance in moisturizer???).  This has no scent and has a bigger container that feels much nicer and the price was much less.  It's not cheap, but even drugstore brands are comparable in price for this. Have you priced Olay or ROC lately?  I'd never considered Vichy a bargain brand before but it is great and high quality.
6285	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lotion leaves no sticky residue, has a beautiful, light floral scent that lingers, and seemed to keep working even after I washed a sink full of dishes. In addition, I didn't need to use a lot to get a moisturizing effect.
3710	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this a lot.  It is clear and doesn't lather.  I just put a quarter sized amount in my hand and spread it over my face, which had full makeup on it.  I rubbed it around and rinsed and my face was left completely clean soft and smooth, without any type of film or residue left on it.  Just clean soft skin.  It left no trace of makeup on my skin.

5649	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	For a few more dollars I could've gotten a much BIGGER bottle!!!!!!!! Content amount is Not worth it!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a rip off to buy this item for that amount

7352	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have finally found a pencil that fills in my very, very blonde brows without making me look overdone. Just a quick, light touch with the pencil and I'm good for the day! No smearing, no mess, no fuss! I'm very impressed with the quality of this tiny pencil. The only caution for those of us with super light brows is to apply with a light hand.
It expensive but one pump can cover face and neck.
1438	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had only had the brush used on me once before at a posh salon, but I took the plunge. I was in shock that I paid so much for a brush, but when it arrived and I used it for a while I realized it really helps keep your hair in tip top shape. I have virgin hair that is fine, but I have a lot of it. Between this and Viviscal&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Viviscal-Extra-Strength-Hair-Nutrient-Tablets-60-Tablets/dp/B002JPJ2ZS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Viviscal Extra Strength Hair Nutrient Tablets, 60-Tablets</a>&nbsp;my hair has never looked or felt better (that and I rarely heat style).
5421	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like this shampoo. It cleans effectively, smells nice, and lathers well. Not sure if it has done anything to noticeably thicken my hair, but works well as a daily shampoo.
6804	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is great!  I had a small blemish. Put a little of this on and it was gone the next day. Don't shake it.
7247	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it

Skin is looking much better after only 2 weeks of use!! You can also layer this under your makeup if your skin is very dry and it sinks in and doesn't affect foundation at all. Love the results!
All in all this is a very versatile, flexible polish to have in your bag of nail tricks. the key is to get creative and have fun with it.
217	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color, one of my all time favorites. Of course I only buy OPI. Color is same as picture which isn't always the case.
So, I was nearing the end of the jar, and I began to notice that my forehead lines were softening and my laugh lines were also not as noticeable as before. I was officially sold on this product! Not only had it basically cleared up my skin (aside from a hormonal related pimple here and there near my cycle), but my skin also appeared so much more youthful!

8528	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for dry skin over the age of 35.
We always have these wipes in the house and the only reason I am taking off a star is that I would love for it to come with the snap top like the picture but it comes with an adhesive top that doesn't really work great at keeping shut.  I usually put these wipes in a wipe dispenser and hope that I don't have to carry it anywhere!
8969	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As described!
9165	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My sister recommended Mario Badescu Drying Lotion, so I decided to give it a try. One very big positive is the price. In my experience, many skin care products are scams that can cost a fortune. 17.00 is a fair price for this product. The lotion (thought it's not really a lotion) contains salicylic acid and chamomile. Most people probably know that salicylic acid is a very common and inexpensive product used to treat acne, which can also reduce redness. Chamomile is also used to reduce redness, so the formula of combining the two seems like a good idea.

Post shave: extra cold water facial rinse, Thayers lemon witch hazel astringent.
9140	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	NECESSARY for anyone with acne skin!
6895	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband discovered this in a spa in Hawaii and loves it. He is very sensitive to strong smells so the fragrance free product is great. Can use as all over moisturizer, even on the face - not greasy at all. This large size seriously lasts like a year.
The biggest bonus to this product is that the tubed creams like this are MUCH easier to produce lather than the hockey pucks.
9764	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Before I review this, I should state that I am 50 years old, have generally good skin (no blemishes, age spots, or acne), and that I have regularly moisturized my face with a narrow range of products in the past decade or so. I also swim and find the chemicals dry my skin even more than usual. Lately, I had just taken to using Lubriderm on my face as well as my body, but in the past, I have used speical facial creams with hyaluranic acid as the main active ingredient. Those creams were actually superior to using consumer-level body moisturizer, but I purchased them abroad and could no longer find the same brands after returning to the U.S.
8121	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a loyal customer and user of Elizabeth Arden's Red Door Eau De Parfume for years. Like I reviewed the Red Door EDP - Eau De Parfume - it seems that where ever I go when people ( MEN as well as Ladies) smell it on me they absolutely have to ask me "WHAT ARE YOU WEARING - YOU SMELL SO GOOD!" Because of the constant compliments of how GREAT I smell I decided that I would always buy and wear this perfume. When I wear ANY OTHER perfume I don't get any compliments. So why buy and wear anything else? After getting this perfume years ago and receiving so many fantastic compliments I decided to buy all the other products of Red Door. I do wear this deodorant and all the other products from Red Door daily. I love using this cream deodorant and it lasts such a long time too!  Another favorite of mine is the Red Door Perfumed Body Lotion and the Dusting Powder.  They all just compliment the Perfume. I wish they would come out with other products as well such as a liquid hand soap. My husband and daughter know that if they ever want to give me THE PERFECT GIFT they can't go wrong with Red Door!
4598	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm a male 35 male with normal hair that has thinned a bit as I've aged, but I' not balding or anything. My hair isn't real thick anymore though. I got a sample of this conditioner (the older product Moisture Scentsation. I liked it so much I had to buy this 33 ounce big bottle of conditioner and shampoo! The conditioner is slightly less potent than the previous product it replaced Moisture Scentsation, but with all the  extra amount you get for the cheaper price, you can still get the same effect by using a bit more conditioner.
3718	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am usually very wary of cleansing products due to many bad experiences. I have blemish prone yet dry skin that is very sensitive. I usually use a goat's milk bar soap which is non-drying and usually helps with the blemishes. This face wash felt wonderful going on. I didn't need a lot and it really seemed to clean well. It took off all my makeup easily and seems to really help smooth out my complexion. The only thing that bothered me a little was that it seemed to be a little more drying than I first thought. I have to put night cream on right away after washing. (I took a shower after taking makeup off and my face felt tight.) But it seems to be a very good wash and great sensitive skin!
19	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this hand cream. I'm on my fifth tube. Love love love.

9696	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I always have a big tube of the Shea Butter hand cream on my bedside table.  I've experimented with the other scents, but I always come back to this one.  It has a nice clean scent that is noticeable without being over powering.  And the consistency is nice and thick and creamy, not at all greasy.  It absorbs well and leaves my hands and cuticles nice and baby soft, even living in a high desert.
321	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like all O.P.I. products thus far with the exception of the Matte finish. The Quick Dry Top coat by O.P.I. is better.
5492	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I use shaving soap and a brush/mug when I'm home.  This is a high quality, inexpensive system, but it doesn't travel well.  On the road, I generally use a can of gel, which is more expensive, messier, and slower than a brush and soap.  This stuff is more expensive than gel, doesn't lubricate as well, and is more difficult to apply because it doesn't "stick" as easily to wet skin.  I give it two stars because I'm going to use the rest of the can, but I sure won't be buying any more.
2326	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good
6079	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really helps with puffiness and moisturizes
4793	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This truly is an amazing product for the price!  It makes your scalp feel amazing and you honestly do feel and see a difference in your hairline.
Recommended!
1820	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT!!! I will use this seller again.
1343	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I think the color did not match my hair correctly.  If I order another one, it will probably be the medium brown instead of the light brown.
This color (bisque) is not the correct color for me.  I tried it on several people before I found someone that was an okay match so that I could evaluate it more precisely.
It's a nice opaque glass jar and the green apple peel cream is light and almost fluidic, not dense and heavy to touch.  The directions say to apply generously and I did. It was quickly absorbed, disappeared into the skin rather than sitting greasily on the surface. I didn't even notice it.
5964	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The butter London brand lacquer has turned me into such a polish snob. I can tell a huge difference in this brand of polish from the cheaper department store/drug store brands. I love this shade of pink, it's not hot pink but not a baby pink either.
I like a moisturizer with SPF and I would use this weekdays (when I'm mostly inside) and weekends when I'm out and about.  I find it hard to judge the effectiveness of a sunscreen until it fails for me and I try not to leave myself exposed to sunscreen failure. I'm happy with the Coola Cucumber for my current lifestyle.  The moisturizer is light and absorbs well into my skin.
2408	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Peculiar that I bought  Verbena Cleansing Hand Wash. If this didn't work Id return it without doubt.
I went to find out on their website if they're cruelty-free (which is major for me!  I try really hard to buy only cruelty-free products) but couldn't find out, so I emailed them.  Hopefully they'll write back soon and let me know.
6044	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Got this cleanser after a youtube review and have been very pleased. It cleanses gently and thoroughly without drying your skin out.

This is now a product that will always be part of my skincare, and during hot summers it will be in my purse.
3049	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great for my rosacea skin. First bottle came busted--but they took it back no problem. I have to use a toner following, but love the milky, creamy texture. My skin looks great since I started using this.


2092	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	When applied, this looks horrible and watery...nothing like when purchased in a store.
7594	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm 51 years old. My face does not give away my age but my neck does. I was considering going into debt for some type of laser or plastic surgery procedure when I ran across reviews for this product.
I found this to be moisturizing but also to be suitable to use under makeup.  I tried it in the morning and my makeup performed as expected.  (I've recently had an experience with a different product where this was not the case, so I definitely think it's worth mentioning!)  This means that this serum could be used both morning and evening, if you prefer.
It's also sulfate- and silicone-free for those following the Curly Girl routine.
-The face wash lathers well and leaves your face feeling clean and smooth!
5698	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Purchased for my elderly mother who constantly laments her thinning hairline. Although this is obviously a superficial solution, it does make her feel like she has more hair in front. A little tricky to apply (it is a fine powder, afterall), and tends to get all over the place. But used judiciously, desired results can be achieved with some practice. Not sure if she will repurchase, but at least for now it offers an easy solution for bald spots. It basically just colors your scalp like shoe polish, doesn't really thicken fine hair as claims.
191	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A bright, yet deep hue...very "royal"...has a great shine.
1469	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	**My first bottle broke during transit. But the second one survived.
7205	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Powder color is off, much lighter than expected, not the same as I have gotten before but should be. Can not compare to Bare Minerals.

Recommended. prisrob 02-13-17
5155	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works for sun spots on my arms, chest, upper back and calves (yes, ladies, if you wear shorts or knee length skirts in summer you probably get sun spots in that area). I used other Nia 24 products on my face and neck and they improved my skin texture a lot. Once it happened I became unhappy with the texture on other areas on my body. I saw other women who made the same mistake: they neglected the skin on their bodies and because of that their smooth faces didn't make them look younger.

9782	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent, thank you!!!
If you look them all up - the majority are man made silicones - a product which in the cosmetic industry is used to fill in wrinkles, retain moisture etc.  Is this 'bad' for you?  You have to decide.  Most are GRAS "generally recognized as safe"  for use in food and cosmetics.  If you use the EWG website, some are use with caution.

After using this product, my skin feels a lot softer.  I'm still waiting to see if it minimizes hyperpigmentation, but I am happy with what I"m seeing so far.
It comes in bottles and a tube that are practical in size, shape and use.

395	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a high coverage make-up, but does not look thick and caky on the skin. It comes in a 1 once plastic jar that is ideal for travel. It has a small spatula about 2  inches that can be used to apply the product on the face.  My first impression was that the make-up was very heavy, but once applied to the skin; it smooths out very even and has great coverage. I am very sensitive to smells, especially on my face, and there was nothing that bothered me with this product at all. I am very impressed with how nice it looks on my skin and pleased that it has a SPF of 30. I am older and have a few lines in my face and was concerned that this make-up would settle in the lines making me look even older. I was very pleased that at the end of the day I did not have make-up filled creases in my face. It cost a little more than I would normally pay for foundation, but for increased coverage and a longer lasting product this is a good one. This is made in Canada and I have never had any issues with the quality of items made there.
1616	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Zoya polishes and only one salon (other side of town, of course!) Sells them. This is a great color. I wanted something other than a nude/pink/classic red I could get away with at work, and this is perfect! I would describe it as a soft, smoky teal. Not too bright, but enough to get a second look and compliment. :)
8405	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	No complaints
4545	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great! It is best for think hair because it does not add weight. I highly recommend it! My hair as been growing better and faster because of the care this provides to my ends and entire length.

3110	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This smells incredible, but it breaks my skin out, I tried the soap and its perfect and the scent is the same. This body wash doesn't lather a lot.
Though I didn't think I could find another powder to compete with, for example,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dr-Hauschka-Translucent-Face-Powder-compact-0-3-OZ/dp/B0010ZWH8C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dr. Hauschka - Translucent Face Powder - compact - 0.3 OZ</a>, since cosmetics are my weakness, I couldn't pass up trying this powder. It was love at first pat! The powder not only keeps my face shine-free and on the youthful side, it gives me a healthy glow, especially around the eye area. Vichy is a brand that has garnered a solid reputation, and now I see why.
9558	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using Jane Iredale Pure Pressed Powder for some time now but wanted something a little lighter for summer so I bought the dream tint moisturizer.  I have very fair skin and have trouble finding shades to match but this coverage is just right with my skin tone, giving me a very healthy glow.  I have acne prone skin and expected to have to use an additional cover up to cover any red spots but this provides great coverage but is very light at the same time.  I don't often rave about or recommend beauty products but this is definitely a product that I would recommend to friends and other women.
9506	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As a little background, I'm fair skinned and middle aged and developing some fine wrinkles around the eyes, so I was happy to have the chance to try Juice Beauty Green Apple Nutrient Eye Cream.  My skin is sensitive, but I had no problems with sensitivity using this product.  I have used it for a few weeks now and have noticed a little smoothing of those fine lines -- nothing big, but something to feel good about.  What I really appreciate is the moisturizing around what can be a very dry area, especially with the cold, dry winter on its way.
8919	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I order the entire product line!

7986	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Performs as advertised
As a frequent traveler to countries where the water may not be safe to drink without boiling, beverages such as coffee and tea (instead of just plain water) are the norm in my diet and I had unattractive stains on my teeth no matter how hard or how often I brushed with regular toothpaste.  I hate the chemical taste  and burn of chemical whitening toothpastes so my dentist recommended Supersmile toothpaste as a way to help with the stains between visits.
6212	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very nice smell, nice feel, nice lathering on the skin, doesn't dry out the skin, I would buy it again.
The can is small and stylish in appearance.  It has about 1/2 the amount of foam you would get in a typical can of shave foam at the drugstore.  The foam is discharged from the can through several small slits in the spray head that give it a unique feel and appearance while using it.  The scent is very clean-smelling and pleasant.  It is light enough that it would not interfere with usage of aftershave or cologne if desired.  For the purposes of testing this product's ability to prevent irritation I let my beard grow for several days and used a many days old double edged Derby blade in a Merkur razor.  The foam applies easily, and a little goes a long way.  I allowed it to sit on my face for about a minute or so before I started shaving.  What I noticed immediately is the shave was very close, as good as I can get with a high quality brushed on shaving soap.  There was absolutely zero irritation, not even in the neck area, despite multiple shaving passes on my face in differing directions.  After I rinsed it off my face felt very smooth and moisturized.  I enjoyed the scent and moisturized sensation so much that I did not bother applying any aftershave afterward.  The next day I found that my face continued to feel very nicely moisturized.
6135	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This toner makes your face feel fresh & clean. Doesn't burn like most toners but still works the same.
8159	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice little moisturizer for the lips.  A nice little hint of color.  I was happy with my purchase.
458	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love DermaBlend products & this cover creme is great. It goes on smoothly, covers well, and does not cause irritation. This cover creme comes in different shades, so be sure to look at other listings for the variety of shades. It's hard to choose the right color, especially online. I'd recommend if you are unsure about colors, go into a local store that carries it to compare shades, then look on Amazon. At current time of writing, the price for this is less expensive than at my local department store, even factoring in S&H.

8565	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I chose this product as it had a good review for helping skin with rosacea

Bottom line: try these if you're looking for something to help rid you of stubborn adult acne, or if you're simply looking for something to help with anti-aging or to help with wrinkles that have already formed. This product really is great!
a brand new one, I surprised him :0)
7217	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this Jane Iredale product now for 6 years.  Once introduced to it I fell in love with the appearance it gives your skin.  Does not flake or look drying on the skin.  Use with the stamping brush (bought separately) and stipple it onto your face with this brush.  It leaves no residue and makes your skin look like porcelain.  Just make sure you get the right color shade for your skin.  I am fair skin and this works great.
6538	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	this is really great cream, but don't do what i did-which was purchase a very small tube for 44$ --- i could have bought a 'kit' for that much $--of course at the time i did not know that--you bet i will do my research next time.  15ml is not alot
9891	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	refreshes on face and all parts of body

2560	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this oil.  It goes silky soft without being greasy and has a lovely soft scent.  I'm thinking this would be a great gift for Mother's Day!

With that said choose the vendor carefully.
9892	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The product is excellent.  I have dry sensitive skin and so far this is working for me. It is very cooling and refreshing. I do not like the glass bottle since I keep this in the bathroom. I am concerned it will drop and break.  The spray nozzle does not work and this is a bit frustrating but the product itself is very good so I will deal with these small inconveniences. I will probably re-order but transfer product into another (plastic) bottle.
7060	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT for people like me who suffer from Rosacea, it certainly helps calm your face down, along with making it very soft!! Great Product, packaged very well, shipped right on time!!!! Definitely a returning customer!!
2735	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Lovely colours - my only complaint about this trio is that the lighter colour is really still a mid-tone so I have to use another colour for the lid - if I just use these three colours it's too dark for me
2177	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I received my first tube of this for my birthday last year, on Nov. 1st. I am writing this review on May 18, and here to order a second tube. It lasted that long, with daily shaving! A little bit of a great product goes a long way.

All in all, this works well for my skin type.  I do not have a lot of wrinkles or fine lines on my face, so I would not be able to accurately tell you if this helps with anti aging.  The SPF works pretty well, I work outside a lot of the time, and I have yet to get a sunburn on my face.

1506	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Don't order, awful, hooky, threw it out as it could not be replaced
8870	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This was my first order of the Mario Badescu facial spray and I am pleased to say I like it quite a lot.  I use it during the day but find it especially useful on warm evenings. I like to lightly spritz all of my skin before bed.  This allows me to rest comfortably in the breeze. It also hydrates all of my skin and not just my face.  I love the smell and the ingredients hydrate my skin and do not leave me overly sticky or uncomfortable feeling.  The smell is also pleasing to my husband.  It smells simply like rose water but it has added ingredients that my other rose water orders do not have.  It is a well-made product and with several months use of the spray, I still have half a bottle left with liberal use.  I was somewhat hesitant to order the spray but am now glad I did.  If you are looking for a really well-made rose water I think you will be happy with this.
I don't use Toleriane all the time because during the winter I prefer a thicker cream, but for the summer and in skin "emergency situations" this is definitely my go-to cream.
2688	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	works nicely
I use this product after I'm done washing and cleansing my face at night. I shake the bottle well and put a few drops on my face, concentrating on problem areas. My face feels very clean and I can feel the product working, without making it feel irritated or too dry. I have combo skin type and this seems to be effective in both areas. I feel like it greatly improves pimples overnight or within 1-2 days!

6973	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My first experience with Juice Beauty Moisturizer has been positive.  The consistency of the cream is smooth and the fragrance is so light I do not smell it unless sticking my nose in the jar.  The certified organic seal and the cruelty free declaration builds my confidence in the company's products.  Apply the moisturizer and blend into skin as directed otherwise it will take a few minutes to soak in.  Dermatologists recommend using a sun screen separate from beauty products to make sure that you apply enough sun screen so the fact that this has no sunscreen is a plus, I use a separate beauty sunsreen.  The moisturizer is recommended for over age 20 and I am well beyond 20.  It is still too soon to tell if this reduces wrinkles so watch this space for an update.
My partner who's in her 20's hated this product. Her skin is naturally very oily and she thought it felt slick and thick and just not pleasant. Her laugh lines and slight lines around her eyes saw zero change. She was the first to stop using it after just a few applications because she just hated how it felt and had to wipe it down to apply makeup even an hour later.
9282	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this bronzer. Perfect shade. Summer glow. My favorite!!!
I urge every potential buyer to read ALL reviews before purchasing this product. Although some people used this with good results, the manufacturer does not seem like it cares or is customer friendly or even willing to help those people who had legitimate customer service issues.
Forehead that seemingly came out of nowhere. I'm 37 not 67! I used this for one month and while it moisturized my skin well that's really all it was doing. I ended up discontinuing my birth control and using this as well. Now the brown spots are totally gone and my skin is glowing. I don't know if it was going off the pill that cleared the brown, freckle like spots, or the moisturizer. It's a great product. However, I will not purchase again. The size of the bottle is just too tiny to justify the near $100 price tag. If you're looking for something really effective, try anything by ROC.
2072	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Okay, this is officially my favorite red polish. And I really like red polish. It's cool-toned, but I think it would be flattering on ANY skin tone. It applies very evenly and is opaque in 1-2 coats. It's not thick, it's not thin, I don't know what else to say because it's a no-brainer! :) I would recommend this to anyone! I think it'll be especially gorgeous for the Fall & Winter months, but it's a great red anytime. And because it's Zoya, it's "5 Free." No DBP, Formaldahyde, Toulene, or any of those other ingredients supposedly toxic. I love this!
95	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Such a gorgeous blue ! My clients love it


8906	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Not at all what I expected, for me does not work, my face looks worse than before. I will never order again this brand.
6626	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great curling iron. Heats up fast and stays hot.
8387	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this toner - perfect for acne prone skin. Delicate - non drying and can be used several times a day without stripping PH level on skin.
8546	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you have sensitive skin that dries out easily with cleansers, sun, make up, etc. this is the best cleanser to use. I can use this twice a day without an issue. I use on my eyes with a tissue or cotton ball to remove eye makeup, no problem. I love this cleanser!!
The ultra fine tip gives a precise finish and doesn't smudge.  It lasts all day and looks great.
7194	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great!

7573	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great firm hold hairspray.  I use it when I do an updo and I want no movement whatsoever.  The hold is very strong and it works no matter what the Florida weather dishes out, it even works when the humidity climbs.  This is my first can of Shaper and I bought it at Ulta duing a sale for $7.99.  I figured I had nothing to lose because the price was so low but I was pleasantly surprised that it worked so well.  Yes, it smells like a typical hairspray, but I'm not sensitive to it so it doesn't bother me.  But the fragrance dissipates quickly in any case.  This hairspray holds all day and into the next without leaving nasty white flakes, even if I use it several days in a row.  If you want a hairspray that won't allow your hair to move, then this is the right formula for you.  However, when I wear my hair down I want natural looking hold that allows movement, so I use Zero Gravity instead.  It's a flexible hold formula that has touchable, brushable hold.  When I wear my hair down I want it to look as natural as possible and Shaper is too strong for that purpose.  However, Zero Gravity is the perfect formula for this and now I have both formulas always on hand.  Sebastian definitely makes good hairsprays.  These two formulas are all I need.  I definitely recommend Shaper and Zero Gravity for all hair types.  Shaper is strong and Zero Gravity is light.  A perfect duo.
874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	After a cleansing, spray the thermal spring water 8 to 12 inches from your face then leave on 2-3 minutes. Gently pat off excess spray without rubbing.
Having tried mousses, creams, and thinner spray products, with and without "guide" color--I have preferences.  First preference, less cream with drier application.  Second preference, low fragrance. Third, enough DHA concentration to push the first application on the skin to a retained color without relying on the color that literally washes away.  If you have never used these types of products, the longer you can leave it one before you wash it off, the more color you may retain.  As for color, in these products, DHA is the active ingredient and it usually is retained as a brown-orange color on lighter skin types.  If there is added color, and you choose to keep the product on without washing, then that might be a factor in your own product selection.  (In that category, I really like the Fake Bake products, thin consistency but high DHA and lots of brown colorant).
8996	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Something isn't right about the hot tools on here.
8939	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This was an add on. Still not really sure what it's for but I use it and love the smell!


I really like this one, though I can't tell the difference between the micellar water thing and an oily skin toner. The scent on this one is terrific. I don't really know how to describe it. Maybe a little citrusy, and maybe a little floral, maybe something like cucumber, but it's an intriguing scent without being feminine or medicinal.
I like the feel of it:  non-oily, dry, almost talc-y. Dense, yet easily spreadable.  And a dab covers quite a bit of territory.  But after 30 minutes, my skin feels no different than before.  Night Cream AHA is not entirely odorless for me;  it's got an elusive "nearly chemical" fragrance.  I'm grateful it's not spicy, floral, herb-like, or overly medicinal, and I'm also grateful it's not long-lasting.

This is really easy to apply.  I didn't have cotton pads when I first got it and thought that it was a little awkward to use, but then I got some pads and find it much easier.
One thing that helps give a nice touch over the powders and such is the Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray. The powders are probably quite wonderful for an oily skin type, for example; they are nice for a youthful complexion; and I believe they are going to look quite radiant on a woman with less-noticeable pores, and without wrinkle issues along with age and skin texture combined.  In my case I am fine, and safest when I am well-rested.

3028	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I recently gave Toleriane Fluid to a friend who suffers from redness and burning sensations as well as occasional adult acne. Out of fear that a moisturizer would mess up her face even further, she hadn't used any in years. It took some convincing to get her to apply it to her face but frankly, her skin was so miserable-looking (blotchy red) that I just made her do it.
1092	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this! I used this to bake and set my face and the finish to my skin was flawless. It kept my makeup on my oily skin all day and didn't cake up (when used with the setting spray). I currently use the Kat Von D setting powder and it's like air on the skin. I was expecting this powder to be less finely milled, but it's just as fine. I won't say it's *better* than Kat Von D but it's every bit as good.
853	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased the Crabtree and Evelyn Rosewater Body Lotion in the large size (aka "Value Size") and it is a big hit with me. The soft scent lingers for hours in a realistic rose fragrance that doesn't announce your presence an hour before you enter the room. The lotion is not quite as thick as I would like, but it is also not greasy-feeling -- you can apply the lotion and within a minute or two get dressed without worrying about a residue that could stain your clothing. Yes, it is a little pricey but most name brand lotions are rather expensive these days, and I find that I do not need a separate cologne when using the Classic Rosewater Body Lotion, so that is a savings.
5749	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A great neutral smelling hair gel that is not sticky to apply to wet hair.  the only downer is that it is not that strong when applied to wet hair, but was better when applied to dry hair.  I didn't have to use much when applying to dry hair ... and it did not leave the hair sticky at all.  Worked well with heat, i use a hair straightener and that it seemed to style the hair better.  you kinda have to play with it with the different way thjat finish your hair styling adn particularly hair style, for sure.
Here is where I have a different take than the instructions say.  When applied as instructed, I would give this only a star or two.  It does not provide natural coverage, and it looks quite frankly awful.  It settles in the creases and just does not like to blend either.  So, if following the directions, I would say that this is an awful performer.  The idea is that you scrape some out, put it on the back of your hand to warm it up and then apply - shown with fingers.
3711	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This review is for the iS Clinical Cleansing Complex. (Sometimes reviews end up under the wrong product.)
3146	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of the best Clean scents hands down, this smells like rain soaked lotus petals on a hot summer night stuck to warm skin, just beautiful and light as always. This scent lasts too, even a tiny dab before I have a second to slip some lip liner and a dab of perfume before I run the door and hours later it still smells lovely, fresh and best of all alluring to my own senses. Hours into my day when I wonder what smells so good its most often me if Im wearing this haha.
  The product comes in a container that looks a bit inexpensive at first glance, but when I consider it carefully, it is a container that is designed to keep the product very moist.  The container locks to a seal and has a pad at the top to help keep the moisture IN the container.
117	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color!!!
I absolutely love this body lotion and will use it in the future.  Particularly when going to the office or when going out and for special occasions.  I strongly recommend it.  It is suitable for all generations.

1186	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is AMAZING. I have thinning spots and this covers and binds to the hair. I used to always have to wear my hair up to cover it but i can wear my hair down now and not have to worry about my patches showing. It stays in place and doesn't wear off throughout the day. No more worries. I've been contemplating buying this stuff for awhile after reading someone's blog about thinning hair. I buy the smallest size of these, use it everyday (a little goes a long way) and it lasts me a month. I just reorder when I get low. So buy size accordingly to how much you need.  Get it you won't be disappointed. Get your confidence back!
I like this foundation and appreciate that it has an SPF 30 built into it.  It didn't feel heavy or drying and left my face feeling nice and smooth.  I would recommend this product for those that don't mind applying their foundation with their hands instead of a brush.  Plus a little product goes a long way, depending on how much coverage you like you can always build it up.
7147	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Whoa!  I love it!  Nicely invorgorating!  Very cleansing.  Scalp and hair feels great after using this.  I follow it with Philip B.'s light
9526	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Juice Beauty just makes nice products. Their Clearing Cleanser has a pleasant scent, it's mild and doesn't strip skin, but still does a fabulous job of lifting excess pour-clogging oil from the skin. Your skin feels clean and fresh, but not tight and dry.
3354	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like This OPI Lacquer Remover works excellent for removing polish even the Glitter polish the 4 Ounce last me a while and the price is good also cheaper on Amazon than my Local Beauty store.
3327	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is as beautiful on as it looks in the picture.  Not just for holidays.
Would I buy again or recommend?: I have and will continue to do so.

7064	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	BEST cleanser out there for us Rosacea sufferers!!!! GOOD price, well packaged will order again DEFINITELY!!!!!!!
So, I was nearing the end of the jar, and I began to notice that my forehead lines were softening and my laugh lines were also not as noticeable as before. I was officially sold on this product! Not only had it basically cleared up my skin (aside from a hormonal related pimple here and there near my cycle), but my skin also appeared so much more youthful!
For the price, I just don't see how this product is worth the money.  I have normal to dry skin and I didn't feel any particular moisturizing features from this base.  I get much nicer results when using Swanson Vitamins Hyaluronic Acid Serum which is very similar to Lorac Aquaprime which was discontinued.
Sherrie H.
I've been using this with Gillette Fusion 5 blades and am very happy with the results. I have very sensitive skin and have not had any rashes or irritations with this product. The smell is mild but fresh.
This product is suitable for sensitive skin and eyes, and contains no parabens.

6128	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This is a cucumber scented, 4% rubbing alcohol solution. Yes, that means it is 96% water. Save yourself some money and skip this.

6173	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have ultra sensitive skin, and there are very few moisturizers that cause an itchy rash.  The Moisture Magnet is one of those few moisturizers that I can use.  It makes my skin feel dewy and soft.  Even more amazing?  When I have an allergic rash elsewhere on my body, a little Moisture Magnet soothes the rash and makes it stop itching.  This is one I'm going to keep on hand -- all the time.
I'm now a blowdrying wiz.  (Okay, not really...but much, MUCH better than what I was before.)  The slightly 'squared off' barrel allows you to catch the hair down near the roots to get lift there.  The best part, though, is that the brush does that gliding thing that my hair stylist's brush does.  You know, where the brush lifts up at the roots and then glides down the whole length of the hair section as you're drying it--and then, with a slight roll of the brush, starts right back up at the roots again.  I was never able to do that with my old brushes without it snagging and stopping.
6967	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Age Defying?  I don't know about that. Butit is nice moisturizer.  I normally do not like the real thick and sticky feeling creams, however this feels thick and sticky until you apply it and give it a few minutes, then it absorbs into the skin and leaves your face feeling hydrated, and soft. It smells really good too!
6460	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have some acne and love this stuff. I used drying acne treatments daily and this cleanser is great to use with it. Doesn't dry out my skin, but still cleanses well. A few times a week I do a deep cleanse, but for daily use this is great. I even given it to friends.

2870	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good treatment for brittle processed hair. I recommend it. I have tried many products and this is one of my favorites. I use it a lot on my ends.
2361	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	JOUER ESSENTIAL LIP ENHANCER claims to increase lip fullness and decrease fine lines  and it appears to live up its claims.  For best results, Jouer recommends applying the lip enhancer 3 times daily for 29 straight days.  While this product has not yet been used for the recommended 29 days, it has already yielded noticeably positive results.

-The toner has a light fragrance to it, but the moisturizer and face wash are fragrance free.
3512	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My niece likes this stuff and says it works good. She says it helps her hair so it does not get tangles in it through out the day

8553	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for my skin
However, I am very happy to report that this is a truly great flavor. The mint is not quite as strong as in the original but that's just as well since it enables the taste buds to actually notice the jasmine which tastes exactly like jasmine tea and is perfectly balanced with the mint. Not icky, not yucky, not strange, not artificial, just extremely pleasant and wonderfully unique. Who would have thought that brushing one's teeth can actually be an experience and not just something one does because it must be done. I, for one, am hooked and plan to next order the big tube and simply ignore the fact that it is really crazy to spend 10 dollars on a toothpaste :-)

3352	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very light color. I'm pale and it matches my skin tone. It's subtle, but it's great fro everyday wear.
8204	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great with any brand of nail color.


1158	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I will say, this stuff smells fairly bad. If that bothers you, don't buy it. It doesn't linger for very long, but one of the biggest things I see reviewers complaining about is scent.
Beware- a little goes a long way. I spray it on my brush, just couldn't figure out the balance. This my second can.
* Large "Toothpaste" Sized Tube
4402	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	From the female of the family. I use a number of La Roche-Posay products, made in France, and swear by them. This waterproof-makeup remover is the latest in my arsenal. I don't often use waterproof mascara or eyeliner, but when I do, I want it to come off easily and cleanly. I feel the same way about any type of eye and lash makeup, waterproof or not. I don't want to use any product that requires me to rub the delicate skin around my eyes. This cleanser removes the makeup easily and effectively, without irritating skin or eyes.
7405	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the cream, kind of heavy (good for night time) applies nice and absorbs quickly, slight scent but goes away. I would repurchase for night time use.

8812	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have some acne and love this stuff. I used drying acne treatments daily and this cleanser is great to use with it. Doesn't dry out my skin, but still cleanses well. A few times a week I do a deep cleanse, but for daily use this is great. I even given it to friends.
I have combination/oily skin that tends to get even slicker during the warm summer months. I also have very pale skin that tends to burn when exposed to the sun for even a short amount of time. I prefer a face sunscreen that isn't greasy
5752	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Previously, my goto pomade was Sticky Rice by Cibu.  I have slightly coarse, medium length hair.  The Cibu was decent, although I thought the hold was a little weak.
131	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought Danke-Shiny Red and it's an incredibly gorgeous ruby red shimmer. It is opaque in 1 coat, but the color does deepen slightly with a 2nd coat. You can definitely get away with it in 1, but I'm usually a 2-coat girl and prefer the color being a bit deeper so I use 2 coats. It also dries very shiny. The formula is great in that it's not too thick or thin, glides on the nail easily, doesn't pool, and isn't prone to any brush strokes. It also levels out quite nicely. I haven't had any major chipping concerns, but I do use Seche Vite top coat. Only con is that it's rather messy to remove and can stain a bit, but it's so beautiful that it's worth it.

8057	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for over a year now, and I recommend it to anyone that has thin hair on the top of the head.  The color blends in well with my own haircolor, and it adds body and texture to my own thin strands. I do try and add a side part using a thin comb or pick in order to obtain a more natural look, otherwise it can sometimes look like a wig without a natural hairpart.
6999	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A lovely product. The pump makes using the serum daily an easy step in skin care. The smooth texture (non greasy) that adds a very thin clear layer onto the skin. The scent is subtle yet pleasant scent also make the application super easy.
I hated shaving! My skin always got irritated and burned after! Then I tried this stuff after watching hours of videos, I broke down and gave it a whack. Now mind you I'm in a wheel chair so it is harder for me to shave and I get worn out in my chair quickly!!!! After using this I look forward to shaving I can't wait for the stubble at 5pm or 5am to show up cause I'm going to shave... I will spend the extra 10 min to get outta  bed to go through the procedure to shave ! My skin comes out so smooth and irritation free!!!!!! And the girlfriend really noticed a difference! Spend the money, spend the time to learn , spend the time to treat your self to something fun and comforting !!!

2872	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is fantastic stuff! I had not seen this extra large size before, even at my local RDA. I normally would not buy here because I can get it wholesale with my license but the price was right and now our house is set for months! FYI that the pump did not work but the seller sent out a replacement immediately.
8730	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Did not do anything special for my KP otherwise a nice soap but overpriced for what it doesn't do
I wash my hair every other day, but I rinse it with water on the day I do not use shampoo, as Toppik can come off on your pillow.
472	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My wife tried this on and was a little shocked. First, it comes with a tiny spatula to apply it to your skin. That tells you a lot. My wife says that she doesn't want to cake it on, but she applied it and it did cover, but it went on very thick. She really doesn't need any make up, but she doesn't really see that, so she went into the bathroom and was in there for a little while and when she came out I could see that she had done half of her right side and she asked what I thought. You have to understand, my wife is a very attractive woman, and when she asks me a question she knows she will get an honest answer....not brutally honest, but honest. So, this was my answer....."If you had a lot to cover up, I think this would be perfect. However, since you had good skin without any real issues, I think this might be overkill for you. You might want to let [name removed in case she reads this] try this, because I think it would be perfect for her." She actually agreed. She felt it was too thick for her. I asked her how she would rate it and she said 4 stars because it does what it says. Removing it was a bit of a chore and so, one star down.
Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate
1607	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous color.
3692	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this cleanser! Removes all my makeup with ease and my skin feel prepped for my night time treatments.
As I've matured, I do pay closer attention to my skin and it's needs. I've started doing the "give it what it needs" skin treatments. I like this moisturizing serum and the flexibility it offers. Its effective with just the serum on my oily T-zone, while my dry cheeks get a moisturizer with a serum topper. When the T-zone needs no help at all it gets nothing, while my cheeks get the usual moisturizer + serum treatment.
6272	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff!!!! Simply put, great stuff. My face felt so replenish after using. I follow up with Billy Jealously liquid Sand which is simply amazing.
7770	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product keeps my skin feeling soft and smooth.  I would purchase this product for gifts for my family and friends.
9894	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm on my 3rd bottle because it hydrates my skin and makes it glow, and seems like it promotes healing as well. I'm an esthetician and I use all kinds of products and rarely re-purchase anything because I'm always trying something new. So for me to be on my 3rd bottle of something says a lot. Combined with peels, retinoids, vitamin C, and sunscreen, this stuff is anti-aging gold.
5214	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like to keep things simple, but maybe a little complexity is warranted when it comes to moisturizers.  For the past ten years Ive been using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Olivella-All-Natural-Virgin-Olive-Oil-Moisturizer-From-Italy-50ml-1-69-Fluid-Ounces/dp/B000EGMHKQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Olivella All Natural Virgin Olive Oil Moisturizer From Italy (50ml) 1.69 Fluid Ounces</a>.  I like the way it works on mature skin and the ingredient list is all natural (primarily olive oil and Vitamin E).  It seemed like the perfect moisturizer.
In summary, this Vichy Homme shaving foam is truly an excellent shaving foam.  Not only does it lead to less irritation while shaving, but it helps obtain a very smooth shave and leaves your skin feeling moisturized without feeling greasy.  I am truly impressed.  It does have a very high cost compared with other shaving soaps you might buy locally, but the quality of shave and lack of irritation from this shaving foam is way beyond comparison.  Men who have sensitive skin or problems with irritation from shaving may find its higher cost worthwhile for a much more pleasant shaving experience.  If I lived in Europe, where this product is manufactured and likely far less expensive, I would definitely be using it every day.
3556	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has cystic acne and said its the BEST hes ever used even over prescription meds. He uses it 2X a day and his skin looks amazing!
5067	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The exfoliating quality of Baxter of California Night Cream AHA comes from this lotion's glycolic acid base, which is a very mild alpha hydroxyl formulation.  After several weeks of use, I saw no redness as I've experienced with other exfoliants.  But neither did I see any real change in my skin.

5334	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't like to wash my hair everyday, this helps cut grease, increase softness and volume. Smells good too. Just don't wear dark clothes when applying
5884	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I really should have gone to the store rather than trusting how colors would translate from online to in person.  Since I'm a fan of butter London, it seemed like a safe gamble.  Wow was I wrong.  The color Dahling (such a fun name, like all their colors) looks *nothing* like the photo.  I thought it was going to be a delicious medium sherberty pink and it's actually rather dowdy,  a matronly mauvey pink.  Sad.
I was surprised how much I like this. You really do only need a small amount - just a pea-sized drop- and just use that to clean your entire face and neck. It's great because unlike many cleansing creams and soaps, you don't have to put it on with a pad or sponge; just use your fingers and add water.

Again, I didn't realize this set was geared towards men but it's okay!
7983	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks :)
It rinses off easily, but since it doesn't seem to clean foundation very well, I use another cleanser beforehand on days when I wear makeup, and then this afterwards, in the Japanese "double cleansing" model.
8055	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The product was as I expected.  I have used this product for sometime now, and am please with the results I get.
7939	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
2437	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The BaByliss that I previously had was so much smaller but it threw so much heat and air. I loved it. The cord was a good 10 feet long, which made using it awesome, I could stand in my hall way to make sure the dogs were not getting into trouble.


6392	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used various facial scrubs and masks over the years but I always keep coming back to MB strawberry face scrub.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it is not like a typical face scrub instead it is a creamy scrub with strawberry seeds as an exfoliant.  I love the smell and texture of this scrub even when I have breakouts because it is gentle on my skin.  I find that Mario products are very natural and I have never had an issue with any of their products causing a negative reaction with my skin.
Since Vichy tube is small I use it only for the face and it lasts for ever.
Check this out... It really works!
3787	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cleanser has become my new favorite for my sonic-care face brush, although I use it every other day and use a more moisturizing soap in between, as this can dehydrates your skin if used daily. The ingredients list is basically a list of plants, which is always a good thing in my book, as plant based ingredients tend not to leave waxy residue, which can add to clogged pores.
2318	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I do not like wearing colored nail polish on my fingernails and find that this sheer, barely tinted looking polish is perfect for a very natural look.  This polish is sort of like the "lip gloss" of nail polish color which allows a hint of color and a lot of protection.  OPI is an excellent product and this is yet another example of their quality.
All this time, I've assumed that "I" was the problem--like maybe I'm blowdrying-challenged or something.  But, no, it now seems that it was more the brush than my own inadequacies.
3827	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have repurchased this item so many times I cant even keep count. I love this toner and that is all I have to say.
Oil free foundation
9973	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't have sensitive skin, but opted for this over the green or red thinking that a sensitive skin product would feel all the better. I just completed my first shave and came away loving it. The thick/stiff cream in the container loaded up very easily into my brush after squeezing out excess water. A little goes a long way, I loaded the tip and was able to get coverage 3 times over my face and neck with a single load. A nice slick lather was produced - I have never felt a razor glide so effortlessly over my skin. After shaving i noticed that my skin started to tingle. It felt like menthol. This might bother some but I loved it.
9710	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Kudos to  "Nia 24 Skin Strengthening Complex"! It  really does replenish skin moisture in my face and hands.  I like the way it felt when I applied it.  Fortunately it has no strong odor and it leaves no sticky residue.  Putting it on at night gives it a chance to be absorbed into the skin and leaves the skin feeling fresh and refreshed and baby soft upon awakening.

5417	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Excellent product; would buy again. I use a lot of Perricone products & found this moisturizer to be very good. I have found that I break out  & form hives at times from these products because of the high levels of Niacin...so I can't use all of them...just a select few..this moisturizer being one of them.

the shave? don't be intimidated by the slant or blade exposure - i got a great two-pass shave with my made-in-Verona, Va. Personna blue blade... just take it slow, let the weight of the razor do the work... i liked the balance... out of my seven razors, only one 'bites' me every time (Parker A1R travel), and another once (Razorock 'Jaws')... my others, a Parker 99R, a Utopia silver, and two Webers, all give great shaves with little worry or care..
3667	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Gives a good tan that lasts several days after the fact. Does not look orange like some of these that I have tried in the past which was nice. Has an average smell that was not offensive at all. The glove made for an even distribution on your skin and that helped a lot. Was not real messy and an easy clean up.
6234	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This  product works with the Gentle cleanser and I like it....

7235	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this set, because it has three different ones all designed to target different issues (of which I have problems will all three!) they are smaller than I envisioned, but a little goes a long way! All three work well, I have been very pleased with this set. The tub smells a little stronger than the other two- and the pink one has a faint smell as well. The white one doesn't really smell at all. Make sure you mix both the pink and white ones well before applying!
3226	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This stuff is garbage..I really thought it would lather up into a nice cream and make for a good shave. It barelys lathers up, and that is with using a top of the line silvertip badger brush (I would hate to see how it lathers with only using finger tips) I am glad that I only bought a few samples packets of this becuase if I paid $20+ for this I would not be happy. Save yourself the money and buy some Proraso or Truefitt and Hill shave cream, you will get a much better lather and shave. I will not be purchasing this again. I have a hard time believing that Jack Black actually sells this and people buy it for $20. One of the worst creams I have tried thus far. F+ product all the way...
The product description:
6844	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I does wonders for big aggressive pimples :)
7047	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice rich moisturizer for bedtime; blends well into skin.
2655	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am no perfume expert by any means and rarely purchase any.  There are some perfumes that you can smell and right away your head starts to throb a bit from the odor.  I was worried this might be one, but my first smell test of it showed that I didn't have to worry about that.  It was very light and airy smelling...at first.  I put some on my neck and wrists and forced my husband to sniff it and he approved.  I then got in my car to drive, with windows up, and soon it became a much stronger smell and a little thicker in scent.  I worried my workmates would get put off by it, but that proved not to be a problem.  I really didn't even smell it much later on during the day, and alas, no one commented on it.  I guess the lesson learned was to put on a bit less and do a more indirect spraying of the mist when putting it on.

2) Does dry out your skin quite a bit.
Living in a hot, humid climate, this product arrived in my mailbox in a very warm state.  As such it was very thin and has remained that way.
3058	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This serum does a good job moisturizing.  It has excellent coverage - two drops from the dropper are enough to completely treat my face, with a bit left over for my hands.  It absorbs quickly and doesn't leave an oily residue - very clean application.  It seems to have a slight effect on acne.  I have a chronic blemish that comes up on the side of my nose where my glasses rest, and after using this for a few days that has reduced considerably (its not gone, but the reduction is heartening!)  Over all its a decent product.
- Kasia S.
3653	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have tried various ZEN-TAN lotions now and they all work excellently.  This one has a vanilla scent, masking any chemical smell there may be.  The pump lotion comes out a medium brown and absorbs quickly into the skin.  The result is a very natural and even tan.  This works well around the face when properly applied.

2773	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The only way to shave

3174	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product and amazon provides a perfect method for ordering/receiving it.
8112	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great hold and leave hair shiny.
1119	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good
6913	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for my husband.  He loves the scent and I do too.
I started using this ten years ago and paid full-price.  When I found it here, on Amazon, all my troubles faded to black.
5138	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I previously used a drug store spray on heat protectant for flat ironing, I didn't love the product because it was tedious to spray each section as you ironed. It was difficult to not spray completed sections and if you accidentally did, that section may look greasy.
6312	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this astringent...has helped my acne a ton!
7372	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Walking around on hot sand for hours hasn't been the best thing for my feet  and neither has cold, dry winters done much for them. All the pedicures and footpaths over the years cannot fix dry, cracked feet and ankles, but this stuff can. While this is a somewhat pricey product, it is nothing short of amazing. It has eliminated cracked heels, itching, dry skin. I used it once and the change was noticeable almost immediately.


4688	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Holy cow, I love this stuff. It's definitely not your usual scrub, it doesn't have much in the way of granules for manual exfoliation, but my skin loves it anyway, and I love the way it smells. I'd kill for a whole line of products that smell just like it. It will be good for dry and sensitive skin, even without the usual sort of granules (the bits of almond are to few and far between to do much) it seems to do some mild exfoliating without irritating. Because of that it can probably be used a lot more often than a regular scrub.
2703	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really love the shimmer but be careful to use small amount or you will accent imperfections instead of drawing attention to smoothness of your skin.
4469	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have used before and was glad to find this via Amazon. Gentle and never irritating.  Softens.  Cleanses completely.  Pleasant muted fragrance.  A joy to use and you will probably not find a better cleansing creme'.

8920	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product, particularly for dry atmospheres

Big like!
2359	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice product and does seem to plump up my lips without any strange feeling.  Doesn't do anything for lines, however.  I do like that it acts as a lip gloss as well.  Shiny, not a matte finish.
9783	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product, fast ship
- why didn't I discover this earlier??
2112	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is actually my first time purchasing an Essie polish and I couldn't be happier with it! Great, non-streaky formula, applies evenly and gives your natural nails a perfect, even base color. Great for a basic french mani or layered under more bold colors to help them pop. The finish was nice and shiny even without a topcoat and I got about 8 days out of it with minor tip wear. Definitely a perfect sheer pink. Will absolutely be purchasing more polishes from Essie in the very near future!
Other reviewers have very well described in detail the application process (which should be followed exactly for a positive result), so I won't waste mine or your time talking about it.  Though the XEN-TAN Mousse is a bit pricey I think it delivers a good tan for the money.  I've tried a lot of other tanning products and some worked well but others turned me orange or didn't last past the next shower.  This one seems to hold for a while which is good.
7749	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it
It smells amazing, leaves your scalp tingly, and your hair feels nice 'n clean.
7171	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this conditioner! It helps keep my red brighter for longer and smells great. It makes my hair soft without weighing it down, too.
Highly recommended for those with sensitive skin.


6081	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Super product!  Eyes look hydrated and fresh immediately.  Goes on smoothly.  Definitely looking at other products in the line.
9074	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I initially bought the 2" version, but as soon as I took a look at it I knew it was too big, so I sent it back for the 1 1/2" and the size is perfect for getting nice big, soft mermaid waves.  I love that it gets really hot, really fast.  I've had problems in the past with other curling and flat irons not getting really hot or only for a couple weeks of use, but that's not the case here.  This gets my thick coarse hair smooth and shiny as silk, and never sticks or snags.  I would definitely buy it again.

I only used Mach 3 before this.  The feather blades are 35 cents each and they last me a week.  This is a great deal.
879	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this spray, makes my skin so soft.
I have been using this for over a five years, I was lucky my sister shared it with me.
3132	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Keeps me dry and smelling shower fresh.  Doesn't irritate my skin.
9157	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Don't know what was the hype about all over you tube, i get occasional break out and this product did not help. I normally love Mario Badescus product and currently addicted with Cleansers and toners but drying lotion didn't was ok. Read my full review at [...]

1977	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	essie is by far my favorite nail polish! I needed a good green color. While yes, I do like this color, it is not as thick as I would like.
3454	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice nude color. Easy to apply for a fast home manicure.
9967	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Proraso shave cream with great success.  I purchased this "Soap in the Bowl" to support a recent vacation as I did not want to travel with my ceramic bowl.  This product provided a very comparable lather and since it was the same ingredients as the cream in the tube, I did not experience any break-outs as a result.  This is a must have for travel or for anyone not wanting to mess with the separates.

WRONG. Wonderful cheek color on me. Very good discreet color that enlivens cheeks subtly for daytime. I love how it matches delightfully with one of my fave lipstick combos: Dolce Vita by Nars, the pencil, lipstick and gloss. This cheek color is perfect for that popular lip color.
6993	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's still early but I like what I see and feel so far. A little bit goes a very long way. One little pump and it starts off as a gel and turns into a liquid that speads very easily. The fragrance is very mild and pleasant and it aborbs instantly into the skin. What I notice the most, and I wasn't expecting much, is the firmness it gave my skin from the first application. I do apply my moisturizer with SPF aftwards always and so far I like the results but as far as skin brightening or reducing fine lines and wrinkles (which I do have) I haven't noticed a significant difference yet. Maybe longer use is necessary so we'll see.
8347	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells great, leaves a very subtle shimmer.
5629	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's pretty good.  A little on the dark side from the photo.
5775	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK, I purchased this product hoping that my hair would be oh so much better after using it.  In some ways it is but I can't pinpoint it to this product as I purchased the conditioner as well.  So, I think the combination of the two has definitely made a difference and I can tell that my hair seems a bit thicker and a bit better feeling.  I would recommend you give it a try but decide on your own if it's working for you or not.  Sorry I can't be more specific
8187	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I use this under clear coat to still have the appearance of natural nails but with a more polished clean look. It could be worn alone but it would be a mat finish.

3580	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin has recently blown up with deep, painful acne, that is unfortunately under the skin and therefore sticks around for a bit. I've tried spot treating with clay masks, tea tree oil, Clinique spot treatment, etc. While I saw a slight improvement with these, improvements would either plateau or my skin would get very dry and irritated, making the blemishes red and more noticeable. I purchased this along with the Mario Badescu Acne Facial Cleanser and Mario Badescu Special Cleansing Lotion C.

This product is expensive, but I am thinking of bringing it with me to my nail salon, because I always seem to smudge my nails easily after a salon trip. It will be worth the price if it saves me smudges and chips from the salon!
PLUSES
7162	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I don't think this is any better than the other oil treatments that I have purchased.  I'd save the money.
Definitely worth a try if you're looking for a gentle way to clean your skin and leave it feeling and looking its best.
1313	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	at covering thinning areas of hair. I've never tried any other brand of hair building fibers but this one covers and blends well. Looks like your hair if you match the color properly. I have yet to find a way to keep it from spreading all over the sink and countertop in the bathroom though

7024	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the Tea Tree Paul Mitchell shampoo a while ago and love it but like to switch it up every few shampoos so decided to give this a try. I am very impressed and maybe even more in love. The lavender mint smell is amazing and wonderfully soothing. Just a small amount works itself into a creamy lather and it washes out easily.  The pump bottle works well too. Hope these Paul Mitchell shampoos are never discontinued.
If you have thin hair this is the product to use.
6708	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best of class
He has sensitive skin and since he got this is now shaving daily.
450	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Full coverage  SPF 30. Love this product. I use it for those days in the sun to provide  a little coverage for my face. Especially pool days  and river days. I really like the texture  of the cream and it seems to stay  on pretty well even when I sweat. It comess with a little scraper that I don't use. I just use my makeup brushes to get it out.

6612	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product wife won't buy any other kind
8. LOREAL DERMABLEND QUICK-FIX CONCEALER STICK (SPF 30)
As for helping to increase the fullness of the lips as the box claims  I did not notice any effect in that way, other than the illusion of a slightly thicker lip that would happen if you put any kind of lip gloss on.
I did prep with Bronx colors Q10 primer & finish with DermaBlend setting spray.
In the end, I found that this fragrance offered a subtle--if refined--scent of powder and light vanilla.  As noted, it's quite pleasant, although perhaps not worth the price tag.  Overall, I rate this product 3 1/2 stars.
1749	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this shade.  Cannot be without it.
(please don't misunderstand--i still need to use my other "control" products--this mainly feeds and moisturizes my hair)
260	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for sunset nail designs!



9008	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very thick hair and I've tried so many different irons, but this is the best. So glad I made this purchase.
593	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm 48 with a history (thankful it's in my past now :) of hormonal chin acne and I have fair amount of dark circles under my eyes. I have an olive completion. I went looking for a hard core concealer and found this. Been using it ever since. I use Sand Beige mixed with some Carmel color quick fix. It covers VERY well. I will say that the quick fix is not as thick and is applied alot easier than the cover creme though the coverage is not as good. I would suggest that you first moisturize well before applying under the eyes for a smoother spread. I use mine under mineral powder and it works great. It's waterproof and has as your "other" make up wears off this stuff stays on so a good color match is a must. I highly recommend this product.
8310	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this one! it's really thick for a glitter and I just wore it alone. loosk great with 4 coats.
4553	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product as an "after shave"...
7233	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
5316	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of three products I use from this line and it really does a great job of cleaning my skin without drying it and never clogs my pores. Very little is required to get the job done so it lasts for a really long time. I've had my first tube more than a year and I'm only half way through it.

Toppik is now a must-have product for me so I started looking for a better bargain and found it here.  I get almost more than twice the product for only a few $ more.
6408	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	WORKS VERY GOOD
You're now good to go! Yes, your hair will feel a little more crunchy than normal,but for me I didn't care. This saved me from a lot of embarrassment and I recommend it to at least try. I don't think it will cover a bald head unless you want to look like you glued hair sprinkles on,
3621	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	REVIEW FOR PHYTO MIX & MASK TRIO:
2727	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love these color combinations and it lasts all day!
2544	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can not go wrong with Jack Black!
2378	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love Paul Mitchell products and this does the job keeping my hair from feeling dry. I add it when my hair is damp and comb it in.
7625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this face wash for over 2 years.  I recommend it to any one who has struggled keeping their skin clear.  I get black heads, some little white heads and the occasional big zit.  This keeps most of it all away.  Since I started using it I don't worry anymore.
8021	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product every day and love the way it helps to cover the thin spots in my hair.  I will order it again.
251	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OPI is always great! This is too.

4958	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Awful color!!
Moisturized initially, but did not seem to be as good as my other products (tried on neck area for this assessment)
Followed by:
Good product not much to say about it, I would recommend to a friend!
9582	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good to use in winter,just one push before leaving the room
7. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL LEG AND BODY MAKE-UP (SPF25):
I don't suggest more than two thinnish coats...otherwise, it doesn't look as adorable.
4416	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	No instructions in English on the tube, so I crossed my fingers that it wouldn't burn my eyes. It says it takes off eye makeup, so I hoped for the best. It went on light, not too creamy, and washed off easily and left my face feeling clean and somewhat soft.
I really love that there is no soap in this product.  It cleans without lather and without drying your skin.  It contains the special volcanic water that Vichy has made a cornerstone of their products and it's very gentle on your skin while removing makeup and other impurities without fuss.  I use some seriously persistent mascara and this product does leave a few traces of it behind if I'm not careful, but it otherwise cleans amazingly well and dissolves "water proof" mascara and eyeliner without a fuss.  It doesn't sting if you get it in your eyes and it doesn't cause any redness, chafing or stinging to your skin.  There's nothing harsh or even chemical about it.  It's very gentle and effective.  My skin is very sensitive these days and it acts as a soothing balm, even as it cleans.
2793	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had never heard of shave oil, but a friend got me hooked on it.
4523	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I made a mistake in getting this product. I saw clay mask and quickly jumped. So when it arrived and said it was for men I was a little disappointed. I had to turn around and tell my husband that it was imperative that he let me slather this all over his face. He wasn't extremely happy with me but he yielded with the exception that he apply it.
My skin and eyes are sensitive, and this hasn't bothered them at all or caused them to water.
The gift box comes with 5 baby products.
The AHA's are crucial in this product because without them, your dead skin cells would just accumulate, and the lipid ingredients in this cream would simply bind those dead cells together, causing dullness and clogs. Also it is silicone-free (silicone is notorious for causing clogs), and it has other "good-for-you" nutrients like antioxidants and DMAE. But really--it's the AHA's that do the most.
I've tried several beauty serums - mostly free samples - and thus far have not found one which works on my skin to produce the purported effects which the marketing departments claim.  On the other hand, this serum is organic and not full of nasty chemicals. It has a pleasant scent which I did not find overpowering.  It is also not oily and did not make me break out, as many of the beauty serums have done in the past, so I consider that a win, as well.
I went natural about 2 year ago and I use CHI after every time I wash my hair. After I wash condition my hair I put a quarter size amount in my hair before blow drying. No other product has given me these results before. Chi where have you been all my life?
1326	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a black woman with thin edges. I use this product on my edges when I want to pull my hair back it really camouflages my thin edges. I also ordered the pump to help evenly disperse the building fibers.
- can be used in small quantities and the pump is very convenient to use.
1148	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE IT
4240	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
According to the directions, one is supposed to apply this 3 times a day for 29 days to get the maximum effect.
601	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect


I hit 10 minutes) and wash off. It comes off easily and only tingles my skin for the first minute. It doesn't leave my skin dry or red. Highly recommended.

It smooths on easily and absorbs into the skin quickly. My face felt moisturized and soft many hours after application. I was able to apply foundation over the lotion and I had no problem with peeling or stickiness. The texture was dewy and comfortable.
701	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is the first glycolic facial cleanser I've tried.  I like the way it makes my face feel squeaky clean.  I dislike the bottle because it's difficult to squeeze.  I've found that if you store the bottle upside down, the cleanser will come out quickly without having to squeeze it.
* The thin pencil makes nice, natural filler lines.  Its easy to draw them so they look real.  Other eyebrow pencils I have used are thicker, so the lines are not as natural looking.
4615	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Age Defying?  I don't know about that. Butit is nice moisturizer.  I normally do not like the real thick and sticky feeling creams, however this feels thick and sticky until you apply it and give it a few minutes, then it absorbs into the skin and leaves your face feeling hydrated, and soft. It smells really good too!
7772	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was very happy to find this not only at such a reasonable price, but with the convenience of having it delivered to my home. I first heard about this brand around a year ago at my Cosmetic Dermatologist's office and tried it because it was offered at 20% off. I can't remember how much it cost, but I know it was over $100. And it does work as promised.
If you use a brush as suggested on the JI site, the coverage will be lighter but much will float into the air. I like the flocked sponge as I get a bit more coverage and no airborne loss.
I has all the moisturizers I put in my homemade recipe:
3272	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i love this lip balm! it smells awesome and does the job
380	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The Sand Beige shade of this Dermablend Cover Cream is listed as a light shade. And if you look at the swatches for the Light category, you will see that this is the lightest of the four available. That describes my skin tone exactly: light but with a tendency toward the fair end of the spectrum.
8411	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous night cream, my skin loves it, it doesn't clog up my pores and my skin is clear and soft and glowing.  Excellent product.


7998	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Picture shows red in it.  There is no red and it is much lighter than picture.
4079	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is the second Vichy product that I've tried.

I pretty much like JB and Billy Jealousy.... Jack wins this one hands down.
9987	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a woman in my 40s who has switched to shave soaps & a brush after years of canned foam. The Proraso green soap/croap is my favorite, and the white is very similar. Both are more of a "croap" (cross between hard cream & soap) rather than a straight up hard puck of soap. It lathers crazy easily with a wet badger or boar brush & the "Marco method" (if you're new to wet shaving or having trouble making lather, google it - you won't regret it), and provides a good, close, irritation-free shave. I lather in the plastic Proraso bowl directly on the soap, then go straight to leg. I have also done a separate bowl lather with this, and it worked nicely. After use I leave the lid off for a couple of hours to let the soap dry somewhat (I shave in the shower & store my soap there, so there's a lot of water) and then store it with the lid on. The white has a slight menthol feel, but considerably less than the green. In my opinion, the white has a light scent of roses & fresh cut grass. It's very light and clean, and I think it could be considered the most "feminine" between the green, red & white Proraso soaps. I had issues with irritation from the red Proraso (disappointing, since I loved the scent), but neither the green or the white cause any problems for me. Overall I am extremely pleased with this soap and it will definitely be in my regular rotation.

It goes on nice and smooth and absorbs quickly into your skin without leaving any greasy residue.  I've been using it after my showers for a few days now and it really does a good job on my dry winter skin.
I do not have oily skin.
Over all? Not a bad product. It worked for what I hoped it would do.
I've used a wide variety of eyebrow pencils over the years at a variety of price points. The best are easy to apply in that they don't seem to cake or clump and go on evenly (with a well-sharpened tip) and don't smudge; you can shape the tip as needed to give thicker or thinner lines. The consistency (a bit waxy but not too much), which you can't try before you buy, is a key factor in both application and longevity, once applied.
Also the head is large and makes it a little difficult to get the whiskers under the nose, but with a little practice you should have no problems. It is a little slippery when wet but I make sure that my hands are dry before handling so no biggie.


2663	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Obsession is one of those evergreen scents that always seems to impress.  I first used this almost 20 years ago and it impressed back then.  Since that time I have used a variety of different scents and even some from Calvin Klein.  The newer scents seem to be getting lighter and lighter When I got the opportunity to try Obsession again it made me realize how potent this scent is.  One spray is enough to last me whereas some of the newer scents like CK Be seem to require 2-3 sprays and even then are lighter and don't seem to last the whole day.  This is a great classic scent with only one downside... the price is on the high side for this quantity.  Nearly $40 dollars for one oz. is pretty steep.  Most of the newer scents come in sets with a 3.4 oz. bottle and other goodies like aftershave for less than $80.
6654	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Had my other one for 15+ years, it finally died so I got the same one!


The ingredients include age-defying peptides, DMAE, alpha lipoic acid, fat-soluble and CoQ10. Like those free radicals, I don't really understand all of them, but I do know this serum has a very pleasing, yet understated aroma. It blends into the skin smoothly, and once there it is undetectable. It feels good, too. Only time will tell if it's a fountain of youth in a bottle, but for now I give it high marks.
6777	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LIQUID GOLD!
I have oily skin, it's been difficult to find a good cleanser that doesn't then require me to apply a toner. This has it all in one easy cleaning step and it doesn't dry out my skin.  Love it!
9770	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice product
I can not attest to whether or not this helps with hyperpigmentation because I haven't any on my skin, but it does a fine job of what I'd call "super cleansing." I've only used one other product that worked as well as this, Philosophy's Microdelivery Peel. That product is harsher, abrasive, and warms up on the face. I think this does about as good a job, is comparably priced, and is a more natural product. I was going to give it four stars because I didn't like the smell or the sliminess of the product, but y'know what? In spite of these things, I'm giving it five stars, because my skin feels and looks good without a lot of nasty ingredients.
I saw some reviews saying there are drugstore brands just as good- don't believe it. Especially if you have sensitive skin. If you buy some cheap drugstore garbage, your face is going to look like it. So, if you don't care about your appearance, then by all means, save your money and buy the cheap stuff that will dry out your skin. But, if you do care like most of us, jack black is worth the money- and it really isn't THAT expensive.
4631	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The results of use seem to be modest and temporary, but real. The thing we noticed was that while the ingredients may be organic, that doesn't mean they can't be irritating to sensitive skin. For example, soluble aspirin is part of the formula (salicylic acid from willow bark) so if you are sensitive to that, this may not be for you.

2717	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product!
353	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very nice job of covering brown spots, blemishes  and under eye area,  and was easy to blend.  The color was wrong for me and had way too much yellow.  I usually use "normal" skin tone or "medium beige" and the Almond Beige is a tad bit darker than my skin tone and a bit more yellow.  It does do a very good job of covering/blending so I may try to find the right color locally and would consider using.

I also liked that it is Alcohol-free so it will not dry out my face. No odor that will give me allergies.
Like anything else, you need to determine the best shade for you.  It looks like Dermablend has over 20 shades, and the ones I have used tend to match the sample color on the website fairly close.  Keep in mind your tones on your display monitor will heavily influence that.  Dermablend does have a nice color selector tool on their website.
When using the Beauty Blender (or similar sponge) dampened, this is good for multiple reasons.  It causes the foundation to melt nicely and evenly into the skin, leaving a very natural type finish.  Using the dampened sponge also extends the life of the product which tends to dry out over time, making it more difficult to apply.
2047	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I ove the navy blue with just the finest hint of sparkle, not too teenage-y looking and perfect for fall!

3417	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this color
7166	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best ever. Took care of the problem completely. Our dandruff was over the top are falling from the top constantly. Now, there is none. Use three times per week.
9175	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I received this last night and put it on right away. This morning my two blemishes had become less red and they were no longer tender. So far so good.
1046	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a good product.
3546	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great genial face wash!

I will buy it until something better comes along.
I get recurring acne on the left side of my face in a very localized area. Sometimes the acne will disappear for months, but it always comes back, and it usually lingers for awhile. When I started getting acne again after a long period of not having any, I decided to try this. I used it as a spot treatment on the few pimples that had popped up overnight. To my surprise, I only needed to apply it once, and the acne hasn't returned. I don't know if I would call it a miracle--perhaps I got lucky--but I am seriously impressed. Maybe it is the inclusion of hyaluronic acid that made the difference?
5332	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this as my June Beauty DNA selection (full-sized container) and I'm loving it.  It's not like any moisturizer I've used before -- the texture is a bit like marshmallow fluff (only not sticky); it holds its shape and isn't runny at all.  It has a slight orange-y citrus scent (which makes it remind me of a dessert!).  But there are no artificial dyes and the fragrances come from plant extracts.


3079	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife is in her 50's and so wrinkles are a fact of every day life. She does have young looking skin for her age but the wrinkles are still there. She has been using various products for the last 20 years to moisturize and treat fine lines so needless to say, we were skeptical at best of this product.
9752	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When I first tried this Moisturizer it felt thick and heavy.  I thought I was going to have a greasy feeling face for a long time.  However, I was pleasantly surprised that my skin quickly absorbed it, leaving a soft clean feeling behind.  It says it is "odor free" but to me, it had a nice, light citrusy scent.  It was very nice and not at all overwhelming.
4697	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love their products.
I had to take a shower to lose this scent and feel better.
I've been using it for about 3 years and cannot tell you how much it has done for my self esteem.  If it weren't for Toppik, I would have to be wearing full wigs by now but with a few sprinkles of Toppik after I do my hair and just before I put a final spray on and head out the door.
4121	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	not needed for me personally, I just sprinkle the toppik.
Right now I have oily combination skin, but mostly oily on T zone and cheeks. I decided to get the Regimen Kit by this company, and in it is a sample of this product.
4355	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My GF loves this stuff.  So instead of buying the small travel sizes I got this larger size for her.

Pros:

9024	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This product makes my hair stiff and dry and crunchy.  It also made the ends look frizzy.
The best recommendation I can make is that I plan to order this again as soon as I run out.

5102	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive skin so this really helps with razor burn
9866	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Below quality and performance for the price. Extremely aggressive,uncomfortable and poor shaving perfomance results. Much better razors well under $20 that exceeds the performance and quality issues.
It reminds me a bit of rose water spray, which I usually use because I like the rose scent, and it just works well for me, but this is unscented, works well, is natural, and it seems like a better formulation for calming skin and using after office (or sometimes, at-home) procedures like chemical peels.
buyers need to trust them  and buy it because i have great positive feel with them.
38	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Subtle fragrance. Works well. It's hard to find a deodorant stick that doesn't leave underarms sticky. This is just perfect.
2911	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for both hair and body
I use it with Nail Envy and Seche.
6902	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If I could only use one hair treatment, this would be it. Just comb a little bit through hair still damp. Gives incredible shine and sparkle.
2595	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I thought the packaging if very unique when I opened it.  I quickly learned you can slide them onto other products such as their mineral powder.  The color I received, blossom doesn't look at all like the picture.  It is more of a coral.  The color is actually pretty sheer which allows you to build the color onto your face for the perfect blushing bride look.  I have fairly light skin color, so when I dipped my blush brush into this I actually was surprised that it wan't as pigmented as it looked.  This is actually a good thing as this allows for you to build your color gradually.  This color will look fantastic when I get  a little color on my skin for the summer.
Overall, I highly recommend this product and will purchase in the future due to the value and effectiveness.
8377	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good product.  I am pleased and will purchase again.

It 's staying powder was adequate wearing through an eight hour work day just fine.
4262	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I usually have clear, even toned skin. However, when my husband and i started the IVF process my skin turned into a teenagers. So i went to a make up specialist in town and had her teach me to cover my acne professionally. She used this product. It's tinted enough that when she was applying it i thought it was a foundation. However, when its on, it covers up my acne pretty well and evened out my now uneven tone skin. She then used "Senna "Neutral" Light concealer to cover just the acne spots. My face looked amazing. So, all in all, this product did not cover up my acne enough for me. But with this product and touch up concealer your skin looks so even and beautiful! I will use this product even when my skin HOPEFULLY comes back to normal!
Not worth the price. I wish i could return it.
1401	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is naturally curly but has been thinning for several years. It finally reached a point where it was noticeable.  Being a woman in the performing arts I realized I needed to take action before it became too obvious.  I started to use Minoxidil, thickening shampoos, and hair vitamins. My hair is healthier and there are signs things might be getting better. However, the process takes too long so I wanted something in the meantime that I could use to help me regain my confidence.  I found it in Toppik. So easy to use and the results are immediate.  I even went out in windy weather and wasn't afraid that my thin spots would show.  Whether or not the Minoxidil works, I know I can use this product for as long as I want and no one, not even my husband, notices! Get the 10 gram first to be sure you like it, but then go ahead and get the bigger bottles with holding fiber hairspray.
My wife, 40 years old with normal to dry skin, has been using this product daily (morning and night) for one week and the results of this moisturizer are already being noticed:
8389	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this mask for years and will never stop! It leaves your skin feeling and looking plump and hydrated.  I use it 3 days a week switching off on the days I exfoliate.  Mario Badescu products are amazing and affordability priced. It's easy to know what products will work for your skin type because of the 'code' D for dry S for senstive N for normal and C for combination.  You get the jist. Great products!
This doesn't get a five star rating because sometimes application can be messy. Don't wear black while you're doing this. I'm also looking for the perfect spray but as far as I know, it doesn't exist.

Nope, turns out this was sold to Coty in 2005 and the formula was changed.  Anyone searching for the original Eternity will need to search for vintage bottles for sale.
8511	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This light pink cream is smooth and rich, but looks much paler on your finger and absorbs quickly into your face.  The SPF 15 is good for daily use but probably not strong enough for the beach.  It's pricey so you probably want to use it sparingly anyway - you get 2oz (a standard shot) for $24, whereas you can get a bottle of other SPF15 cream for $9-$12, even 4oz of your average face sunscreen is easily half the price .  It's definitely a pleasure to use, like all the MB products we have tried.
If you are looking for a new exciting flavor, and like the scent of jasmine you'll love this paste.
How does it work? My face feels moisturized and "plumper" after application. I don't think it does a whole lot to minimize the look of fine lines and wrinkles that are already there.  I have to trust that it's working in the long run, but short-term there's not a lot to go on.
Thank you
4084	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is amazing.  I've been using it for a week.  I spray two pumps in my hand, add a bit of water from the shower spray as instructed to add drops of water, rub it in my hands and across my face.  i rinse very well and I have the softest skin.  The first two days I broke out and was concerned but now...so worth the slight break out. I think my skin was clearing itself of impurities. My skin looks healthier. I have a nice glow.  Adding oil to an already oily complexion seems counterintuitive but this stuff is amazing.
5572	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	These fibers are a good product for making a thinning head of hair look thick again. I do however recommend the TOPPIK hair fattener spray over this product. Also, if you are insistent on purchasing this item, I highly recommend purchasing the pump applicator as well. It makes for the application process so much more effective and will extend the duration of the products use.
1702	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color for the summer!
Phytoelixir: An intense nutrition mask that nourishes hair and giving hair shine. This one is for ultra-dry hair and comes in a small metal tin container. Leave on for 5 minutes.
It covered my the redness on my nose without "caking" it out in my pores.
9064	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought this because my girlfriend recommended it and she always has the most beautiful curls. Gets very hot, so a medium heat is perfect for my hair. Perfect curls in no time! Heats up quickly too!
4502	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have tried several La Roche-Posay products and while I haven't disliked any of them, there are a few I've been "that's OK but no big deal" and a couple I really like and buy again, like their cream foaming cleanser.


2067	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color!  Perfect for summer.  Just like what you buy in the store for more than half the price.
9071	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Problem straightening thick wavy hair.  Needs straightening spray.  Otherwise a good product.  I recommend for most types of hair.unisex.  One of the best.
2) Pre-shave oil (the size of about 1/3 of a cup)
I am happy to see more high-end products from LOreal that should work well for young and old alike, especially since it seemed to me years ago that their products were for my younger crowd.
While the other Baxter skin care products are (in my opinion) overpriced, this moisturizer is absolutely worthy of the price.
8600	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Service great. Product the best ever had. Wonderful personal cleaning.


3726	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Highly recommended
4028	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'll admit, I wasn't too sure about this when I first got it. Usually, a make up remover isn't so great on removing mascara and a toner is usually for AFTER makeup removal, not along side of it. So with a bit of trepidation I gave this a try, and I LOVE it.
9941	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin.  Over the years I have tried many different things to help.  This is the second order of Proraso Shaving Soap I have made and I do not anticipate changing.  The product lasts a very long time and does not have an overwhelming scent.  This was good for me as I also don't do well with perfumes or lotions that have smells.  This shaving soap has a clean scent but very faint.  The most important thing is that this soap has improved my skin tremendously.  I use this shaving soap and switched to a DE razor.  Although my skin hasn't been perfect it has been a tremendous amount better using this combination than anything else I have tried through the years.  I am very happy with this purchase.
One thing that helps give a nice touch over the powders and such is the Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray. The powders are probably quite wonderful for an oily skin type, for example; they are nice for a youthful complexion; and I believe they are going to look quite radiant on a woman with less-noticeable pores, and without wrinkle issues along with age and skin texture combined.  In my case I am fine, and safest when I am well-rested.

1292	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks :)
1269	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very Nice, that I ordered it again for my wife's thinning hair..
The cream stimulates glycosaminoglycan and collagen synthesis. It will also correct irregularities in skin coloration. The Peptide solution helps to thicken the skin.

5506	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is thinning due to medications I am on--my hairdresser recently gave me layers and I was looking for an air brush with a smaller barrel.  I read the reviews on this air brush and decided I would go with this brand--one I haven't tried before.  I was afraid the smaller barrel might be too small, but to my surprise and delight, it is perfect and gives me such beautiful curls and is so easy to use.  It is definitely tangle free and dries my hair quickly and easily.  Love not having to bother with a round brush and dryer.  This just makes drying my hair such a breeze.  It is lightweight and does not come in a clam shell.  I let my hair air dry a while and then use the low setting and curling option.  Great product for me and I would recommend it.
Jack Black products do not seem to aggravate my celiac, don't try out my scalp and my bad hair days aren't nearly as awful as they usually were.  This stuff lasts forever.
7936	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Color great, too pricey
I think this cleanser is a good value for the price. It may seem expensive, but you only need a small amount, so a tube should last several months. I've been using it for about a month, and I've barely made a dent in it.
So it is a great non greasy yet light moisturizer for acne prone or oily skin.
I highly recommend this cream to guys of all ages! Although the price might turn some men off you're really getting a lot for your money because you only need to apply a little bit and it is a fairly large sized tube. Most men should definitely add products to their hygiene routine, other than soap and shaving cream, so that they can look their best no matter what age they are and BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA can help with that.

4149	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the smell of this lotion.  It is the best! The price is high for a bottle of lotion, but i haven't found a better smelling lotion for babies yet.  I love putting this on my little boy. He gets so many compliments on how good he smells.  I love holding him and smelling it on him.
7271	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When the package arrived the container lid was slightly off so the power had spilled a little bit.
3561	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	THIS WORKS WELL VERY PLEASED
4404	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	La Roche-Posay Respectissime is easy to use. Just squirt a little on a cotton pad and wipe your eyes. It wasn't instant for me, as I did have to wipe several times with a little bit of scrubbing to get it all off. That's probably to be expected with all similar products and may vary with your brand of mascara.
7439	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I use this about once a week and use acid peels in between. Its mild, but effective. It arrived quickly and I will probably reorder when I run out.

If I use a sponge applicator it will ruin one purpose of it for me which is to cover variable imperfections; and when I apply it with dab it appears blended, and I really find out how radiant and thorough a cover cream make-up can be.  It has alone a bit of chroma to it, as does Dermablend Pro Smooth Liquid Camo Medium Cover Foundation (25 SPF),  in my opinion, unlike many other cover products I have used. Alone, they gleaming the light more than my other cover make-ups, without chalkiness.  Very nice.
I want to add a note: the instructions say to burn the candle to the edge the first time you light it as that will afford a smooth burn all the way down. The estimated time to get to that stage was given as 2-3 hours. I have had this candle burning for 5 hours and cannot get that full circumferential burn. It doesn't diminish the candle for me but I did want to point  that out. Lovely product for home or gift.
9784	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jane Iredale it the best product out there, period!!!!

1173	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Doesnt work


As for face... This or any one other product won't replace an aesthetician because a great aesthetician will vary her treatments. Mine deals with a variety of peels at different strengths, natural products, and once in a while we do microdermabrasion. Plus massaging for oxygen flow and firmness, and so on. I learn so much from her. She can see what's hormone versus diet, stress, rosacea, what to watch out for. I went from acne to clear over time with her.
If you're new to sunless tanning, remember than exfoliation is probably the biggest key to an even tan. I exfoliate the night before and I heartily recommend these exfoliation towels:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Salux-Nylon-Japanese-Beauty-Skin-Bath-Wash-Cloth-towel-3-Blue/dp/B00AX9Y1FS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Salux Nylon Japanese Beauty Skin Bath Wash Cloth/towel (3) Blue</a>&nbsp;They are almost weightless, super easy to clean and exfoliate way better than a loofah or a Buf-Puff. Make certain you pay close attention to your knees, elbows, neck and ankles when exfoliating as those areas tend to absorb more self tanner and can get too dark.
5061	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I ordered this product without realizing that it was designed for men. I thought I would try it out anyway and am glad I did.

5299	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	its the best for me 
7389	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Vincent Longo Water Canvas Base is a product that is touted to ensure that makeup goes on smoothly, will protect skin with moisture, and reduce the appearance of fine lines.
One note I will make is that this is a new replacement product for the smaller more potent (and expensive) abba Moisture Scentsation shampoo. It is only a little less potent. You may have to use a bit more to get the same effect, but its worth the cost savings if you're not rich. If you are rich, get the older slightly better products here before they are gone. They got discontinued from what I understand due to this product replacing it.
6255	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	way cheaper to buy the refill!  works magic on beat up hands and nails!

Worth the money. Use twice a day. Moisturizes. Stay away from soap!
6186	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have been using the Davines  MoMo Conditioner in conjunction with the MoMo shampoo for several years now. They choose very pretty colors in their entire line. I have colored hair and the MoMo works the best for me. A little bit of the shampoo goes a long way creating a nice lather and  easy to rinse out. My hair is thick and long and responses well to the Davines line. The MoMo Conditioner is equally as great , put in thru your hair and only a little on your scalp...I personally find my hair weighing to heavy if I have too much conditioner sitting for too long in my scalp area. Orignally found this at the hair salon that I frequent, happy and thrilled to find it on Amazon. Its a great line...recommend it for anyone seeking a really wonderful shampoo and conditioner that delivers perfect results.
7979	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can not Live without it !!!! Is a parte of my everyday life and routine
2710	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	AAA+++

1447	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really nice for those cold dry Fall/Winter months. Smells gives off a little of that menthol/camphor smell, but it evaporates fast and leaves no residual grease or scent.
1792	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Essie and i Love this color...One of my favorites
I am so excited about this product and hope that everyone suffering from adult acne will give it a shot! I know everyone's skin is different, and what worked for me may not work for everyone. However, this product will help exfoliate and cleanse the dirt and grime away from your skin no matter what. So, it definitely won't hurt to try, and it's a great value as well. I am definitely singing the praises of my new found go-to product for acne and wrinkles!
5948	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I still am a big fan of OPI; the consistency, the color choices. However, I love the Butter colors and the way they slide on your nails. At the end of the week, my manicure still looked great. This is a quality polish. I am partial to the browns/mauves; Yummy Mummy and All Hail the Queen are surely my colors.

8705	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a skincare junkie, but for some reason I never really got any Mario Badescu products or samples (probably because they aren't a brand offered by Sephora.) I did a little research, and I was surprised by how loyal the followers of this brand are, and that for the ingredients, the prices on their products are pretty reasonable. You'd think $20+ for an ounce of rose hip oil is pricey, but it really isn't. This smells fabulous, and your skin drinks in the few drops you can use to cover face, neck, and decollete. Rosehip oil is swimming in Vitamin C, an antioxidant that's superb for anti-agiing skincare.


863	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After purchasing a similar product in three small bottles from Evian, I was excited to get a test this huge bottle. While initially I was a little shocked at how big the bottle is, I find that I really like the size. I just leave it out on my dresser and every time I pass by, I give my face a spritz to keep it moisturized and glowing. It really does help my skin stay happy.
I would definitely recommend this product.
1603	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT!!! I will use this seller again.
8522	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have used this for one week and find it to work very well.  I have sensitive skin and have to be very careful about what I use.  This has caused no problems.  It is a very small bottle and is higher than some other very good moisture's.  It is also much less that other very pricy ones and does as good a job.
Joseph B. Hoyos
3343	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the neutral I was searching for this winter. Tickle My France-y is a browned pink that works good with my skin tone and everything I wear. Professional but feminine. I use Poshe as my top coat and always get at least 7 days on a manicure.
7430	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good moisturizer.  Took a star off because it has a strange (to me), almost urine-like smell.
I think this color will be too dark for me in the winter as I get so pasty white! But for my tan skin in the summer it works! And it stayed on all day!
7274	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Jane Iredale for years now.  I simply love it!  I goes on smooth and light.  If you need additional coverage, just apply more powder.  It has the coverage to conceal redness, dark under eye circles and it helps camaflouge pimples.  Because it is powder foundation, a good moisturizer under it is necessary, especially for dry or aging skin.

7696	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it , fast ship

2076	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was never really into the expensive nail polishes like Essie. However, one day I fell in love with a color my friend was wearing. It was DJ Play that Song. So I asked her if I could borrow it. The polish went on very smooth {I always were a bottom coat}. I only had to put 2 coats on to achieve the desired color. I loved it!! I am a faithful fan of Essie now, with DJ Play that Song as my most favorite polish color. It is a slight neon purple color, however not to bold. I have it on my toes now and receive tons of compliments.
Do buy this from Amazon.com.  I saw this for almost twice the price at a local pharmaceutical store.

The after-shave lotion also works well, but make sure that your face is dry before applying it as the instructions recommend.
They say on the bottle that it's suitable for all skin types, which is kind of subjective to me.  Yes I want my face to feel clean when Iam using a cleansing product, but I don't like it feeling stripped. This also left my facial skin looking red, which really surprised me.  Not sure if Iam allergic to an ingredient in it or not.
3479	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color
6850	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Better than other spot treatment. I have tried saciliyic acid and benzol peroxide. Helps my face anytime I have breakouts.
I highly recommend.
blinc Lash Primer fixes that.  I put the primer on first. By the time I have the brush back in the tube, I'm ready to apply the mascara.  No down time required. The mascara goes on and covers the primer easily and the end result is pretty good.
A little goes  along way of this stuff.  It is thick and creamy and a delightful green color.  The cream smears around on the skin nicely and when adding a little bit of water to it, it does foam up some, but is not really sudsy like some soaps can be.  It does make skin soft at first, but then I feel as if the skin is too stripped.  The time that I am testing this in is a time of humidity and more oiliness and this cleanser is stripping my skin already- in winter, I am thinking it will be way too much for me to use.  I have normal to dry skin.

529	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite makeup. The Dermablend Cover Creme is definitely a concealer foundation makeup. The golden beige color is perfect for my skin color. I have several spots on my face and neck that I like to conceal and the Dermablend cover creme does it best. It comes with a spatula but I like to use the tip of my finger to get a very small amount and rub my fingers together to smooth out the makeup and then apply to my spots. One application covers them perfectly and I don't need to reapply. It is a sun screen as well, but I just use it for a concealer.

One treatment of this does smooth fine lines and wrinkles and has an added moisturizing effect.
5870	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow! Beautiful color. Deep color but with a sheen that shows more than just a simple violet color. So worth the crazy $15 for nail color. I won't use the many nail color brands with all the un-healthy cooties in most products. What is that about? Why risk more chemicals that darn sure can't be good to put on your body. Not with a beautiful alternative.
459	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Reviewed by my wife: I have several Dermablend products: the "CoverCreme" in several colors; the "Liquid Camo Medium Coverage Foundation"; the "INTENSE PowderCamo". I got them for my daughter to use for stage makeup (she has been doing character makeup for a small Shakespeare troupe in our county). It works amazingly!
7541	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This moisturizing cream smells very nice and has this rich texture when I lather It on my skin. It's oily without being sticky, and it works well on sensitive skin like mine. Even though it's meant to be a facial moisturizer, it works well on other parts of the skin as well.  The only issue I had was with this size--it's absolutely tiny, so you have to use it very sparingly and selectively.
3775	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After years of trying to be "tan" my skin will develop a brown spot the minute I go out in the sun. I have been trying to use products to fade the spots on my face. Meanwhile it seems every sunblock I buy makes my eyes water just from being on my face. I tried this one just to see and as long as I steer clear of the eyes it seems to not make them water. I love the way it feels on my skin, it's got a very silky finish to it. I am avoiding the sun like a plague as just driving my hands have developed these brown spots too...all from previous sun exposure. When I leave the house I use this product; hard to avoid the sun while living in Hawaii! I would recommend it.
1450	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Not as good as neutrogena but does the job.
6024	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this! Love all his products. Watch YouTube if you want to hear in depth reviews.
3657	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had mixed results with this product. I followed the directions exactly because I didn't want to end up with a blotchy skin tone. The mitt is very nice and does a good job helping to get this tanning mousse applied evenly. However, if you happen to have dry skin patches like I do, the tanning mouse gets stuck there and will not smooth out. Therefore, you have dark spots everywhere you have a dry skin patch.
4139	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	It is hard to tell whether powder is coming out of this thing or not! Though I use a lot of it, it doesn't cover the thin hair spots very well. I prefer Joan Rivers 'Great Hair Day' - so much easier to brush on the product exactly where I want it.
3219	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Just used this for the first time with a fresh Fusion Pro Glide cartridge. I had previously been using Aveeno Positively Smooth Shave Gel, which I'm pretty sure is marketed for leg shaving. It is a great product and like $5 at every local pharmacy.
6155	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This iconic brand has been around for over 50 years. It was founded by a Romanian-born skin care specialist.
587	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	not bad
263	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great top coat. I use this along with the base coat from this brand and my polish lasts much long. Was having issues with my polish chipping before I tried using it.
6540	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	have used Elemis for years
2089	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Saw this nail polish color on pinterest and I searched the stores trying to find it and then I saw it on here and I was a little skeptical buying nail polish online but it came brand new and the color is a dead match!

307	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	perfect spring pink

I was shocked when I used this. My face felt so clean! I think it smells fresh as well. I do not use it in the shower though, there is not much at 4 oz. and but it does go a long way. I use mine at the sink at night and just place a dab on my face sponge. I can literally feel it cleaning my skin, after; my skin feels tight and clean. Sometimes I have to use a toner to remove leftover residue, not with this cleanser.
5282	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Non-greasy, pleasant-smelling and effective. I'm impressed that most of the ingredients are organic. I feel good about that. Other face-SPF products end up stinging my eyes when I perspire or get my face wet but not Coola. Great product!
3882	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	it has only been about two weeks and I can see a difference in my nails already.
good stuff and not too expensive . recommended.
The only downside to this product is that it is somewhat expensive but I've found that even though I do have lots of hair, a little less than a dime sized amount is plenty to get the results I want so the bottle does last a long time for me. Just pour a small amount in your hand, rub your palms together and apply to your hair. I do my ends first and work my way up to the crown, then blow dry as normal.

7859	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had my hair cut short and like using a curling brush.  This works really well and it doesn't tangle my hair.  It's much easier than using a brush and blow dryer and I'm getting a better style.
6923	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Subtle fragrance. Works well. It's hard to find a deodorant stick that doesn't leave underarms sticky. This is just perfect.
2808	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Flawless finish. Absolutely only razor you will ever need. Shave is absolutely  outstanding. Used several brands of razor blades always great shave. This razor is perfect size and weight. Not intimidating at all once you master correct setting for shaving.
I used a Seche Vite quick-dry topcoat with this.  I do have an Essie topcoat and I may try that next time to see if staying within one brand results in increased performance.  Overall, however, I'm pretty happy with this.
Pros:
As for the price, I have no idea if this is a good value since it was rec'd as a holiday gift. Since it is on the pricey side as listed here, I suggest shopping around for the best deal.
The cream itself is thicker than Im used to in a moisturizer, but it goes on smoothly and evenly. It can feel a bit greasy if you apply too much, so use sparingly until you find the amount that is right for you. If you are used to using products with shea butter, you will immediately recognize the feel of this moisturizer. As for the scent, I have trouble placing it. Sometimes Im sure it smells like a musty chamomile, other times I find it smells like black licorice, which I assume is the sodium anisate (I guess this is a form an anise?).
You won't have to get the surface of the sponge loaded more than four or five times in most cases.  You keep bouncing around and around the skin and suddenly you will see that the skin is covered, but still looks like skin.  THAT Is what you are going for.  Any other application method does not do this foundation justice and will not be as realistic/flattering looking.
Pam
However, an important fact to remember:  on the label, it states "avoid inhalation."  If used extensively with each application, be sure to wear a dust mask.  The tiny fibers will irritate your nasal passages.
6522	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love love love this stuff! Smells so good feels great on my skin! I even love ot as a makeup setting spray.
- develops good color, sun kissed, not orange,

9955	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't have sensitive skin, but opted for this over the green or red thinking that a sensitive skin product would feel all the better. I just completed my first shave and came away loving it. The thick/stiff cream in the container loaded up very easily into my brush after squeezing out excess water. A little goes a long way, I loaded the tip and was able to get coverage 3 times over my face and neck with a single load. A nice slick lather was produced - I have never felt a razor glide so effortlessly over my skin. After shaving i noticed that my skin started to tingle. It felt like menthol. This might bother some but I loved it.
3121	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best mask and a quick walk on the wild side. Love it. Anthony Logistics products are outstanding. I am a believer for over 10 years.

Plus as the product states there are all kinds of other benefits that do help in the long run such as fighting free radicals and sun damage.
8726	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This made my chest and back acne worse than I've seen it in a long time. Granted, maybe my body had already planned to freak out in acne before I started using this. However, it did nothing to help the situation. I also made the mistake of using this on my lady parts which proved quite irritating. Ps the smell was not good.
4849	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Seems to be working on all areas of my eye. I use just a dab, because it is costly!!! Have used Omotics before and do like their products
8420	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Face feels lifted after use

7854	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This blower brush is fantastic especially for ladies with baby fine hair my me. It gives it bounce and volume and shine. It's easy to use and you get very hair air which is something lacking in the other blower I had to return. I recommend this product highly.
5777	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I did not like this face wash and was pretty disappointed because I am a huge La Roche-Posay fan. Their other products have really impressed me but this face wash burned my eyes so badly  even without getting it directly in them, just in the normal course of washing my face.  It also left my skin really really clean which may sound great but I couldn't help but feel it was stripping my skin of every single bit of moisture.  I swear my skin would make a squeaking noise when I rubbed my finger over it after using this.
3286	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lip balm is a bit pricey compared to your regular every day Chapstick or Blistex tubed lip balms, but it is very good lip balm and worth the price.
Make sure you have a heavy duty makeup remover.  I tried the miscellar water and it did not even touch.  Used the IT Cosmetics melting balm and toner and bam, it got off.



The top lash line didn't really look any better by the end of the day, it looked greasy and melty like an ice cream cone left on the dash of a car. Just NOT a good product for me. Even with primer, there was NO stopping the meltdown this product had.
6065	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream is very moisturizing without being greasy. It sinks in and keeps skin looking soft and supple. It does NOT break me out like most moisturizers or heavy night creams have in the past. The scent is very pleasant and it doesn't take a lot to do the job.
5291	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing I love it
2519	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	While I love refreshing scents for every day use, Euphoria is a fragrance that is distinctly for "date night" or something special. It's not too heavy, yet longlasting. It has a mature connotation- to be used by women, not "girls" or someone who prefers the sickly sweet and flowery. It's the kind of scent that heralds a woman's presence and lingers in the room after she's left. Very alluring.
The A&C serum I bought came in the old container that had a defective pump if you buy this serum on other skin care sites they have  the newer (better quality) container which is a bit taller and has a better pump.
The products are about 1.5 ounces each.
This means that it might be inappropriate for women with sensitive skin.  I already see ingredients that my daughter in law must avoid. The gel is basically all artificial- when aloe or seaweed extracts could have done the job. I probably should knock it down a star but it works for me. I have no problem with the fragrance- it is pleasant and unobtrusive.
4589	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love this lip balm! I had a same come from either Birchbox or Ipsy - I cannot remember but I fell in love with the feeling. You can always count on Amazon for items as I bought two tubes from here!!
2395	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have had this perfume for only a few days and I can confidently say this is my favorite perfume as of now. At first, I was thinking that this is just another overpriced perfume with a designer's name on it. I remember the commercials which put a smile on my face as I sprayed it on.  The first thing that hit me was the orange blossom. I never had any perfume that had an orange fragrance that was so noticeable. I also loved the musky smell that is typically reserved for men's cologne. I smelled a sweet almost vanilla smell, bergamot, and amber. The combination of these potent ingredients makes this an amazing perfume. I have received so many compliments on it. Since you do not have to spray a lot on, I think the 1fl. oz will last me a while.  If you have never tried this perfume, you have to because it has such a broad spectrum of delicious, sweet, and spicy fragrances that will appeal to many women.
828	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This moisturizer is awesome. It's light and not as thick as my sunscreen. This product helps against damaging rays from the sun while keeping my face feeling moisturized. I love it! I use it day and night.
9593	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful scented shower gel.  Even my fragrance-averse husband occasionally enjoys this.  I love how it smells on him.  It is not really strong but just leaves a spicy, lavender, cedar scent.  Seems to be gentle on his skin & has a fairly good lather.  This is like a very sophisticated & more natural scent version of Old Spice - much better.
As soon as I opened the tube I noticed the fragrance/smell. Odd. It says it's supposed to mojito flavored. To me, it reminds me of Vicks. That stuff you put on your chest when you have a cold. I can't quite stop thinking it smells like medicine. But once I applied the balm, I forgot all about the fragrance. Oh how smooth it is. So very much smoother than other brands. A very different texture.
7763	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
5678	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this since around 2002 and couldn't go a day without it. It gives me a sense of confidence!
152	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice color!


4870	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Just needs more brushing out with a bit of lighter powder.

1680	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	nice color
Yeah, I know, this active ingredient ruins clothes. I've ruined clothes and even a nice office chair. So I put it on only for bed where I will do the least damage and then shower it off upon rising.
597	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this lip liner - I thought it would be more pink but it is still a great color

Pros:
I don't know HOW they made this foundation, but it amazes me. It glides on, giving me coverage, reducing my redness in my nose and cheeks, but it feels like I'm wearing no makeup whatsoever. Then, when I hold my magnifying mirror up to my face, I swear I can't see anything on my skin. They made this foundation to look just like skin on your skin. It's amazing! It doesn't shift, it doesn't settle into fine lines and creases. It just gives a nice, sheer coverage. Surprisingly, this light coverage is just enough coverage for me--and I was previously the type who liked to cover my skin well for a even-tone look. This product evens my tone without being heavy or making me look like a fake porcelain doll. It lets my natural skin shine through, giving a weightless, even coverage over what I don't want seen.
8311	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color and this brand. Wish it was in a lippy form. Arrived very fast from seller and very pleased with Butter London nail products.
1530	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm not generally a neutral nail polish fan, but Zoya Shay won me over!  Zoya's own website describes it as "dense, fleshy light peach with slight orange-red undertones and a hint of pearly silver shimmer."  To me it's a pale, slightly translucent, warm toned nude with a subtle shimmer.  I love it when I'm looking for something more classic or neutral (i.e. conservative work meeting, wedding, etc.) but still want a little hint of some interest, which is where the shimmer comes in.  My one fear in getting this was whether it would clash with my skin tone since that can be the one challenge with more nude/neutral toned polishes, but that concern was unfounded.  I think this looks great against my neutral toned light/medium skin and strawberry blonde hair.
8581	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This item arrived without any kind of packaging...  This lotion/toner did not work well with my combination skin type...  Not sure if the lactic acid was the culprit or not, but I would not purchase this again.
9304	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Very drying; looks like a mask on my face.
The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.
My only complaint is that it stings a little bit as it's settling into my sensitive skin, but it's not too bad and goes away pretty quickly. I'm hoping it doesn't continue to irritate the longer I use it, but if it does, I'll update my review.

This is a very high quality scent. I like the bottle, but it's probably not necessary when you think about how good the scent is. A must buy.
7056	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for a long time so yes I am very satisfied with it

9515	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a huge fan of eye creams and this one is no exception. It's a little difficult when you use the pump, only because a lot comes out with each pump. You definitely don't need too much product. I pump once and pat it around both areas around the eye and it leaves it feeling hydrated and smooth. The smell is soft and light and the cream doesn't irritate my eyes which has become a problem over the past few years. I also noticed it is helping to diminish the dark circles too!
6396	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I struggle with intermittent adult acne. I recommend all of Mario Badescu products. Amazing!
310	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really hard product to find.  The nail salons are always out of it because everyone loves it...  I was SO surprised to find it on Amazon - and REALLY happy!  This is the only Ridge Filler that I have ever loved.... of course, you can never go wrong with OPI!
1024	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I know people do not want to hear that this will make a great gift but it will. It is a great product and it comes in a great box. I did find out that the baby did enjoy this and that it worked well. I did not actually use it because I did find out that I had no babies coming my way this summer. So I gave it as a gift to a new family which is what it is meant to be done with this item.
As for this Elemis Pro-Collagen Neck & Decollete Balm, you need very little applied to the neck and upper chest area, and I find I get the best results if using their products at bed time. They claim you will see results in 1 month, but I never have. I've been using this for 3 weeks and so far no results, but I know I will see results in a couple months, as this is how Elemis products work.

This feels light and cool going on, and is imperceptible to me.  I can't feel it at all.  It evens out my skin tone, conceals my mild rosacea, and looks like perfect beautiful skin rather than makeup.

7675	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love NIA 24 products and the face scrub is great. I use several times a week to exfoliate skin and even tone.
One dot is all you need. Do not over use or you will burn your skin. works fast.
If I apply too much, especially over a larger area (not just a pimple spot), it feels a little like a very thin layer of white glue drying (remember grade school?) - this improved when I started massaging it in with my fingertips

476	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When you need spackle and ladies you know what I mean, this stuff is primo.  You receive a small paddle with it and you use it scoop the makeup.  Don't try using your fingers or a brush.  The foundation is brick but once it goes on your skin, it belts.  Brightens, covers and blends super well.  Wore it all day through 90 degree weather and through thunderstorms.  No touch up needed nor did it run.
9430	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great coverage on this.  My only problem is the formula feels a little granular, but goes on smoothly.
9101	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I actually had this curling iron before...for 7 years.  I lost it when I was traveling.  When I returned from my trip, I thought I would pick up a less expensive iron at CVS.  My hair looked like what I paid for.  Needless to say, I was excited to find Hot Tools Pro on Amazon and I bought 2.  My hair looks amazing again!  Shipping was very quick.  Price was a fraction of what I would have paid in a store.
6815	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I rarely get zits... But when I do they come in pairs lol this is a pimple destroyer ! Gets rid of it ... Probably I would say in 3 days . This helps me not pop them
9991	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't have sensitive skin, but opted for this over the green or red thinking that a sensitive skin product would feel all the better. I just completed my first shave and came away loving it. The thick/stiff cream in the container loaded up very easily into my brush after squeezing out excess water. A little goes a long way, I loaded the tip and was able to get coverage 3 times over my face and neck with a single load. A nice slick lather was produced - I have never felt a razor glide so effortlessly over my skin. After shaving i noticed that my skin started to tingle. It felt like menthol. This might bother some but I loved it.
Great prices too!!!
785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So here's the reason for 4 stars on the best foundation I've ever used: the product itself is fabulous, feels so light and unique in it's texture and goes on beautifully, not cakey and blends right in, but...
I have been using LOreal products since the 1980s when my best friend was wearing a frosted lipstick I liked and I later sought out.  It smelled good too. It was a truer color in my eyes, since many comparable brands were putting red tinges into the light pinks and such.  Also, some of the LOreal colors of lipsticks and eyeshadows were pearly, and I liked them because they looked very ethereal, as with the pink-violet lipstick that changed colors depending on the light.
8682	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff. I had some red splotches by my nose. They are gone.
2814	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I started DE shaving just a few weeks ago and have gotten the hang of it and am enjoying my shaves. I started with the feather popular and loved it expect for the fact that it had it a plastic handle...not cheap but nothing fancy.
Experienced wet shavers will enjoy the options the razor provides in finding the exact setting that suits them best. Plus if you collect these things like I do, The Futur will most definitely be a stand out in any collection of DE razors. The Merkur Futur is an outstanding example of fine German engineering, the subtle elegance of design and great shave make the Futur a dazzling pleasure to own - I would recommend it to anyone.
6912	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	used to use baxter of california toner, but now this is my new favorite one. no need for coton balls or any other pads that thread against your skin and it actually works. great for after shave/shower and most of the time is sufficient to moisturize and balance my skin so no added moisturizer is necessary. will definitely keep buying from amazon at it is at least $3 more expensive at local shops.
4584	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great
The scrub has a TON of very small, fine scrubbing particles so you do not need to use much or to press hard for the scrubbing action to be effective over your entire face.  Also, the product smells very good, just a hint of menthol & mint.  Very masculine and subtle.
5373	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've got a mild case of rosacea on my cheeks so I was super excited about this.  I use a primer, concealer and foundation to cover it but on bad days, the redness shines through in four hours.
8322	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome nail polish. It is as good as chanel nail polish but half the price. I used it with orly brand top coat and so far it has been two days and no chipping. It went on smoothly and dried fast. It is pricey but worth it.
8284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Butter London has once again met and exceeded all my expectations. This polish color is just as vibrant as it appears. Butter London's colors are always rich and beautiful in person. All what I really love about their nail polish is the fact that is doesn't have any of the horrible smells that many of the other brands have because they cut out those chemicals. The polish doesn't destroy the nail like many other products and is always easy to remove and applies smoothly and thickly. Two coats is perfect. If you haven't tried their polish before I highly recommend it!
8740	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I stumbled across this lotion as I was searching for hand creams containing an SPF, and I had no idea that it would become such a favorite of mine! I was unable to wear my wedding rings all winter because of this dermatitis in between my fingers. I'd tried every lotion, cream, ointment, prescription, you name it. This lotion cleared it up and has kept it away after just a few uses. My hands are baby soft and I like wearing it, knowing that I'm protecting my skin. Can't say enough good things about this hand cream.
4) Billy Jealousy Shaved Ice
2360	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I reviewed this with the most dubious and cynical attitude--imagine my surprise when I actually saw results.
4932	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	its a great powder, I never look to made up with this powder, also love it having sun screen in it.
4233	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Brilliant
I just don't need it.  I am using the Dermablend Powder foundation and have found that just one powder is enough, I don't need the setting powder.

Chi Silk Infusion does a great job of protecting your hair from heat damage. If you use the correct amount, it will add shine, not be greasy and help to dry your hair faster than if you left your hair in its natural state.

1655	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	pretty and sparkly! Arrived on time too


This would also make a nice gift, along with some of the Proraso after shave.
The Vichy uses camellia oil, which I don't like quite as much as the argan, but it's a lot less expensive. Plus the bottle has French writing all over it. A cosmopolitan addition to the medicine cabinet! I had been searching for a reasonably priced oil cleanser and was thrilled when this popped up in my Vine queue. The bottle is huge and will probably last a year, even with daily use. Good value, and a product that delivers.

1443	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband loves it.
It is worth mentioning that the product contains no parabens, propylene or butylene gylcol, petroleum, sulphates, PEGs, TEA, DEA, phthalates, GMO, silicones, pesticides, artificial dyes or fragrances.  It does appear to have some less objectionable emulsifiers, thickeners and preservatives included in its 18 ingredients, most of which are natural juices and vitamins.
6047	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is a little greasy but I don't mind since I put it on before bedtime.  My facial skin loves it and make it very soft.  No weird flowery smell.  A little goes a long way.
1257	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff.  I was recently diagnosed with Telogen Effluvium which causes massive hair shedding.  This stuff is a miracle.  I am able to cover up the sparse areas and the wider than usual part flawlessly.  I will definitely be repurchasing.
I highly recommend this product. You will not regret using it.
4964	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Wonderful soap. Lather is luxurious and delightful. It seems odd to me that people don't talk more about the scent. It is quite different than any other soap I've ever encountered. I will tell you that I love the scent, but it is not for everybody. In point of fact it smells like the spice cumin. It has a very pleasant, light curry smell that doesn't linger too long - just enough to enjoy. The quality of the soap is excellent and I am very keen to try some of their other scents.

287	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good top coat to use alone or on top of any color!  This shine is great and it doesn't peel.
7083	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another great Jack Black product!  Can't say anything bad about this!
- a smart over head : most of the safety razors out there tend to have a blade side over hang, in other words when you load the razor, the edge of the blade is usually visible and hence you should becareful while shaving in areas under your nose or ears. This razor head full covers the blade and sorts that problem out.

6891	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the BEST facial cleanser that I've EVER used...
5236	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm seeing quite a difference after 3 weeks! I use it on the dcolletage too and that skin looks much smoother, highly recommend.
8188	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used this as an undercoat to one of their polishes the other day, and I was really impressed with the finish it left as a base coat.  The color is so neutral and nice that you could actually just do this with a clear top coat to let your natural nails stand out a bit.
2379	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	3c/4a coily curly head here.
Its a very thick cream, about as thick as toothpaste.  And, it comes in a toothpaste-like container, with the same type of cap.  A small dab of this will cover your entire face.  It goes on thick and white, but blends into the skin fast without leaving residue.  It does take some time to completely soak in.  This is for very dry skin only.  If you spend a lot of time outdoors, this would be a good product to help hydrate your skin at night.  Its not a good product for the day time because theres no SPF in it.  Even men should wear sunscreen during the day.

I got this to try as my face scrub for my adult acne. It works fairly well and better than some prescription cleaners. Its certainly not as harsh. It has a mild pleasant odor and foams slightly as you scrub it in. I like the easy open pump also. Its the type that you partially twist in one direction to open then back to close, very easy. After using it for a few weeks I noticed some clearing in a troubled area. Im very pleased.
5579	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So glad I found this. Now that I have gone gray I don't have to worry about my pink scalp showing. After styling my hair, I shake it lightly on exposed scalp areas and it stays there until I wash it out. Easy to use and I've been using the same small bottle since July. Bought a second for my travel bag. Totally recommend this product.
The label claims that "expansion technology" helps to make your hair thicker and fuller, but no one's commented on my hair looking thicker and fuller . . . and I haven't noticed much of a difference.  However, that being said, my scalp remains healthy and dander free.
4271	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Product was as expected :-)
It smells like leather and unsmoked tobacco.  I don't smoke, but I love the smell of cigarette tobacco.  This and Rive Gauche pour Homme are the manliest colognes I own.  It's versatile too; I use it for any occasion, including just hanging at home.  Two sprays to the chest and one to the neck and I'm good for the day.  I wouldn't be surprised if Clint Eastwood or George Clooney use this.
4385	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have fair skin. Even though I exfoliated first, I had a couple streaks but the main thing was I turned orange with this Vichy self tanner. I prefer the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vita-Liberata-Fabulous-Gradual-Self-Tanning-Lotion-6-76-fl-oz/dp/B010NL93PI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vita Liberata Fabulous Gradual Self Tanning Lotion, 6.76 fl.oz.</a>&nbsp;which I used last summer. Also, with any self tanner used on your face (which I tried once) - if you have any freckles or dark spots they turn darker also. So - just be aware of that! It doesn't cover them.
6506	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why I keep buying this but I'm on my 3rd bottle.. it feels like a spa, especially if you work on the computer and your eyes start to hurt / you live in a climate that leaves your skin feeling gross and you want to treat yourself to something refreshing. This is a great stimulating feeling and I do actually notice my skin looking better!
I actually like the applicator. I never apply the applicator directly to my scalp, rather I put some into the palm of my hand and then sort of sprinkle it over areas of my scalp.  Okay, yes this is messier than a spray, but imo, it allows for more precision and this powder has a lot less residue than any spray I know of.  I think it's a lot easier to control the amount when you apply with your hands. With the sprays.. spray for half a second too long and now your hair is gross and covered in too much dry shampoo. No good. I hardly have that issue with the powder.
4738	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
5650	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	For a few more dollars I could've gotten a much BIGGER bottle!!!!!!!! Content amount is Not worth it!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a rip off

4675	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good but not great. Like his other products better.

4466	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is has a scent I like and removes makeup very well, but gently.  I have used some of Vichy's moisturizer samples and have liked them also, great brand.  I took one star off because unfortunately this cleanser doesn't make my skin feel fully clean after just rinsing with water, it leaves too much of a moisture residue.  So I have to use another cleanser to remove the greasy feeling it leaves behind.
808	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good quality moisturizer. Feels and smells great
3984	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	this is really great stuff. It does a great job cleaning my face. It is gentle and does a fantastic job removing makeup. Unfortunately the bottle was leaking when it was delivered. Only about 1/2 was still in the bottle. The cap was partially broke and will not stay on the bottle.


HOW DOES THIS PERFORM?
I waited to use this for two weeks before writing a review, but even in that short amount of time, it has already made a huge difference in my skin, which appears brighter and feels smoother.  I've also noticed a pretty dramatic difference in my fine lines and wrinkles, especially around the eye area.  My red acne marks are also slowly fading, and I'm not getting as many breakouts as I had been.
5590	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have fine thinning hair.  I used two other products before trying Toppik Hair Building Fibers. I used a color spray aerosol and a brush on powder.  I didn't care for the aerosol spray because you had to be so careful not to get overspray on your clothes.  The brush on powder does work for small areas, but my hair continued to thin and it was time consuming to cover the top of my scalp.  This powder was suggested by a sales clerk at a beauty supply store.  It seemed to work better and was easier to use.  If I had a choice, I would like not to use any product, but I don't want my scalp showing so I am very happy to have a product like this.
5607	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing!
7925	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works surprisingly well
7587	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like it so far- surgical treatment might be better!
9218	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best spot treatment!
3779	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have acne prone combo skin. Although I like MB, this stuff is a joke. After using for 2 weeks I gave up. This stuff leaves my face greasy and filmy, and by the end of the day I feel very gross. When my glasses have oil left on them I know we have a major problem.
Unfortunately, it has been very rainy and humid here so I haven't been able to see the full extent of what this product can do. However, I have high hopes for this. I'll definitely use this all summer long to keep frizz at bay.
 I have trouble with moisturizer disappearing into my skin. I washed my face, toned it, put moisturizer and applied this product.  I felt it was too much so I started over. I didn't want to be sticky and this time I took small amounts and applied them to dryer areas.  I apply more to my under eye area and checks.  This is when I noticed that my creepiness has dissipated quite a bit.  I am 61 with pretty good skin, but because I have a CPAP mask on every night it is starting to pull at my areas between under eyes and cheeks.
9900	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for a few years, since having a facial person use it.  This eliminates dryness after washing face and leaves my skin feeling dewy.  I love the smell of BioElements, as well.  Very clean...
8183	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This isn't your "normal" SPF. It moisturizes while it protects. I wouldn't be without it. Best I've ever used, period.
280	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Opi makes the best nail polish by far and there colors are always beautiful and come out with a solid shiny vibrant finish.
4786	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product for those of us that are prone to ingrown hairs.  After shaving, my sensitive neck area used to always get ingrown hair and breakouts.  Using this product in combination with the Anthony Shaving cream has eliminated ingrown hairs completely.  my skin is soft and smooth!
2511	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you are looking for a soft floral or soft fruity sweet fragrance, this is not for you. It has a bold sophisticated floral fragrance that in my opinion that is anything but soft. I love this fragrance! It definitely has a scent which makes you feel put together, sexy, and in control. I would say it is a women's fragrance rather than a girls. I generally purchase light scented fragrances, but this one is a nice change of pace. Personally two squirts do the job for me and the scent is not overwhelmingly strong. After around 5 minutes I don't even notice it, but if I check for it, it is still present. The scent lasts well on the skin throughout the workday. Overall, a great quality fragrance!

6648	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The only curling iron for short hair
6638	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have very fine, thinning hair and the regular curling irons I have been using left my hair flat and whatever curl was there, left immediately.  This curling iron does manage to make a good, lasting curl.  I was very concerned about the heat intensity, but I have it smack, dab in the middle and it works just fine.  I do like the swivel cord--makes maneuvering it around the head nice and easy.  It has a strong spring and I do like the indentation in the tip.  It allows me to put a finger in it for better control.  I know some people remarked about the dial, but I don't find it moves--it stays exactly where I put it.
Cost wise, and accounting for the amount of product required for coverage on legs alone, I was able to use the given amount about 5 times over a period of weeks.  For retention and continuation of the tan color you need to put it on (and let it stay on for a number of hours) about every 3-4 days.
5600	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only buy this through Amazon.com!  Great price!
2512	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	What a beautiful fragrance!! My special friend wears this perfume from Calvin Klein and she smells like an angel. Everywhere we go people constantly ask her "what are you wearing?" It really goes well with the chemistry of her skin. It is a fresh smell that has a mysterious undertone. It smells a bit citrus-y when she first puts it on, but after a few minutes it morphs into a darker, sensual smelling perfume. It's really hard to explain, but that makes it all the more interesting. I plan on buying this perfume for all the graduates on my list this June. I think it is perfect for both daytime or nighttime use. A little goes a long way so use sparingly. Euphoria by Calvin Klein is one of the most refreshing and innovative fragrances that has come on the market in recent history. Suitable for all ages. It would smell just as lovely and appropriate on a teenage girl as it would on a mature woman.

9181	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This lays onto your skin like calamine lotion, it's very visible.

3458	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very nice white polish. It's a little streaky, but I could have just gotten a mediocre batch.
640	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this light cover
2382	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You will not catch me without applying this on my face and neck everyday.  This product block 99% if not all of the UW in my opinion.  I don't see any sun damage to my face when I started using this product.  I hope the company will continue to make this as I cannot live without this anymore :(
After using it for less than two weeks I can see a difference and am ordering more so I never run out.
I really enjoy the scent of this product and how soft and silky my skin feels after using it. I can use it twice a day without any negative skin issues or sensitivity. I've also put my product into one of my glass pump bottles because I prefer to have it dispensed that way. This cleanser works well with my hands or a bamboo washcloth and it rinses clean (no residue left). Highly recommended!
I will begin by saying that I have no connections to Jack Black at all.  I do use a few of their products.  I was a huge fan of almost anything made by Zirh, but their three-step shaving system became just too time consuming.  That is when I heard about Jack Black's Beard Lube.  After trying it, I was converted.  I got the same shave with much less fuss and it cut my shaving time by at least 5 minutes.

It's definitely worth a try.  I waited a long time because I thought it was like a heavy cover up.  It is NOT.  But, there is a bit of a learning curve, especially if you have been using, like I was, baked foundations or mineral powders.
growout and has to change razors very often. He has had a lot of ingrown hairs

It's a wonderful product that doesn't clog my pores and plumps the wrinkles around my eye area.
8008	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Toppick is easy to apply and covers the thinning spots on my scalp.  It looks natural, and people comment that my hair looks thicker.
Like anything else, you need to determine the best shade for you.  It looks like Dermablend has over 20 shades, and the ones I have used tend to match the sample color on the website fairly close.  Keep in mind your tones on your display monitor will heavily influence that.  Dermablend does have a nice color selector tool on their website.  I feel like the Golden Brown shade applies slightly lighter than it appears on-line.

6332	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Contrary to the belief that oils break you out, I found this oil is easily absorbed into my dry facial skin and does not cause me to have any breakouts.  The oil doesn't irritate or leave my skin flush.  I find the fragrance subtle and not cloying.  Only a small squeeze worth of product and the oil dispenses easily.
6665	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	arrived as expected . great tool!

8650	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Holy cow...I finally found a body lotion that lives up to its claims. It seriously feels so good on your skin that I swear I could hear my skin whispering thank you. The scent is incredibly clean and refreshing and smells like what clean should smell like. Weird I know but it's true. I will use this from now on. There is no stickiness at all once it soaks in. My skin has a smooth, nourished feel to it.
372	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dermablend is amazing.  It covers everything up easily and does not sweat off.  You have yo use soap to get it off and then it comes off easily.
The product is very rich and thick with a pleasant minty smell. I use one and a half pumps of product for my hair and it is more than plenty. This rinses well for such a tick product and leaves hardly any smell behind. The fact that I can use so little of this product more than makes up for the price. My normal shampoo I buy is around $10 for a bottle which lasts me about two and a half months, so this isn't too far out of my price range. I could imagine this lasting a very long time for someone who only needs 1/2 pump for their hair.
Like anything else, you need to determine the best shade for you.  It looks like Dermablend has over 20 shades, and the ones I have used tend to match the sample color on the website fairly close.  Keep in mind your tones on your display monitor will heavily influence that.  Dermablend does have a nice color selector tool on their website.
5284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this face sunscreen.  I have tried so many brands and have found them to be so greasy, it was impossible to keep my foundation from coming off or just looking like a greasy mess.  This has a wonderful fresh smell and goes on like a light cream, not greasy one bit.
Effective: great winter to test out this product, I woke up with noticeably softer and hydrated skin, on nights when I only slept 4-5 hours I would feel a little bit of the cream residue on my face when I washed my face in the morning but it didn't feel thick or greasy at all.
Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.
The eucalyptus and menthol scent doesn't irritate his sensitive skin and isn't too overpowering.
The Face Wash...a slightly soapier Cetaphil
http://www.amazon.com/Abba-Moisture-Scentsation-Shampoo-Conditioner/dp/B001DAUKG0/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?s=beauty&ie=UTF8&qid=1361383065&sr=1-1-fkmr0&keywords=abba+mint+scentsation+shampoo
- Doesn't remove foundation very well (takes multiple washes)


631	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This base is perfect in every way. It minimizes pore size. Complete coverage with one pass of the brush! I love it!!!
4763	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've tried many varieties of shave creams and foams from the drugstore variety to high-end creams. Many creams aren't thick enough and drip down your face as you shave, or they fail to protect your skin from getting irritated. Jack Black's Supreme Cream is amazing. It's thick and can be applied perfectly with your fingers. It sticks to your face without risk of running down your neck. Most importantly, it provides enough glide for your blade and enough cushion to avoid irritation. I've been looking for a shave cream like this for many years.
9730	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this product. It makes your face feel very soft.
1791	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All Essie nail polish are terrific at least thats what my thirteen year old Granddaughter tells me.

3209	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using blinc mascara for about 5 years now.  It's an excellent mascara that doesn't rub off during events of the day and is easily removed in the evening - without leaving the black/gray film that other mascara's leave after removing. The one minor issue with blinc mascara is that it really doesn't build up nicely to give that thick lash look.
- a bit expensive, and is useful only if it suits your skins and is effective.

The peel did dry out and wasn't tight....more like it firmed up and lost the shine (moisture), but I didn't get that horrible right mask feeling. It's pleasant.  I was worried because I have very dry skin and rosacea. The end result was great! I was really surprised! It rinsed off easily and I was left with smoother skin and no dryness or tightness. Very happy and impressed with this product.
9120	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Borghese products are so Italian.  They make you feel clean, beautiful, and pamperer.  I like to have fun when I shower and wash my hair.  I also don't like to use the same products all the time.  Usually, I like the basic&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dove-Beauty-Bar-White-4-25-Ounce-Bars-in-14-Count-Packages-Pack-of-2/dp/B001ECQ4HQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dove Beauty Bar, White, 4.25-Ounce Bars in 14-Count Packages (Pack of 2)</a>&nbsp;but sometimes I want to use something different.  That's when I use Borghese's Bagno di Vita Shower Gel.  It has a wonderful herbal smell that reminds me of autumn.  It works great as a cleanser and leaves you smelling fresh.  It is gentle on the skin and foams up nicely.  I highly recommend it.


5269	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Leaves my skin feeling fresh and clean. I love it! I bought some for myself and my daughter, and have repurchased again.
According to the directions, you apply it to your whole face or just the blemishes after cleanser but before moisturizer.  I wasn't sure how to apply it with a dropper, so I just applied a few drops to a cotton ball and wiped it on.  While the bottle is tiny, you don't need much serum for each application (at least if you restrict yourself to the actual blemishes).
2901	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	After 5 days i got a rash on my face and i had to stop it .
Update 5/13/2017: I don't know when Amazon increased their price but they need to reconsider! I had been buying it from Amazon loyally but a $38 increase from the Toppik website price is crazy! Went to the company website and autosubscribed to get the same product for $71/month instead of the $115 Amazon now charges. Very disappointed.
7059	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	awesome product for dry or sensitive skin
Warning!  The instructions are printed so tiny that you will need a magnifying glass to read them!  I was extremely annoyed to have to look up the instructions online before using this.
1910	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Really pretty blue color,perfect summer color nail polish.

However, an important fact to remember:  on the label, it states "avoid inhalation."  If used extensively with each application, be sure to wear a dust mask.  The tiny fibers will irritate your nasal passages.

1404	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	smell and taste like very artificial jasmine, not pleasnt jasmine favor. Can't not return it either. I don't feel anything special after using it.

9797	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've written reviews for this before, so maybe I shouldn't even bother to write again about this product. But once again, I will say that people stop me and ask me what products I use on my skin, so I must be doing something right. And this is what I tell them I use. I really think it makes all the difference.
I consider a product of this calibre an indulgence but also necessary as the aging process takes it toll.  I would recommend this product as equivalent to many of the other luxury eye repair brands.
I love toting the small bottle with me during the day. A spritz or two in the heat of the day feels so refreshing and adds much needed hydration. It really helps lift my mood when I'm hot, cranky and tired. Sure, splashing my face with tap water would be refreshing too, but that's not an option during work hours as I wear makeup, plus tap water contains harsh chlorine. This thermal spring water feels different than tap and has selenium, mineral salts and other trace minerals. Plus, the sprayer delivers a fine mist without making a mess of my makeup (I don't wear a lot, not sure how it would affect heavy makeup).  I think staying hydrated by drinking enough water and eating right are most important as to how my skin looks, but I really enjoy the added surface hydration and revived feeling this thermal water delivers instantly. It may be just spring water, but it feels awesome and so enjoyable- especially when I'm hot and crabby.
2811	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this upon first glance. The head is huge and to shave with it must be like shaving with a scoop shovel. Clearly when it comes to shaving less is more. Company's, if you really want to corner the market design the size of the razor heads smaller, smaller, smaller!
I find that this full coverage cover creme is the ultimate product for achieving the look of complete uniformity in facial skin color.  This product is heavier than other choices, and I use it in combination with, and under, liquid foundation and then face powder (also both dermablend).  Despite this being a pretty intense trio of facial products, the end result looks natural while totally covering my most unnatural and varied actual skin tones.
1876	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hot pink key west color to go with my other one, a great touch up for at home collection............and of course, what woman doesn't want a sexy neon pink to make every guy trip!?
7465	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for a year, and it's the best thing ever for chapped or raw skin, including lips- much better than the lip product- use retinol, and peel often, and it's the perfect product to use  when peeling-
8623	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use many of the billy jealousy products (live and die by the shave products) and I've replaced some generic facial cleansers (Nivea, Aveeno, etc) with this. I use liquidsand in my pre-shave routine and use this as my other cleanser. It doesn't leave my face feeling burnt from chemicals like other cleaners do. If you have the extra cash to spend on something like this I suggest using it.
8382	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the seaweed night cream.  Also, the other items that I use fro Mario Badescu.  Thank you for helping me and my husband look younger.  Ruth Taylor

The lotion has no smell, and leaves your skin soft. Just be sure to exfoliate well, on first try skin was a little streaky. Next try did a better job at exfoliating and it came out beautifully.
I had a blemish forming so I tried a dab of this on top instead of my usual go-to solution for blemishes.
9799	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I love Prorasos products-  but this version the white sensitive skin version is not my favorite.  It is hard and difficult to lather up- with my brush and ceramic cup. I would and will order Proraso again- just not this kind.

4858	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best pressed powder for over 50!  Love it been using it forever.

1311	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	For a few more dollars I could've gotten a much BIGGER bottle!!!!!!!! Content amount is Not worth it!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a rip off
4217	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this for my daily moisturizer and it works so well.

7026	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Super creamy like  silk yet not greasy.  Very generous size.  One of the best hand creams Ive tried and it smells amazing,  wish they made a perfume with this scent it's super soft  and relaxing,  Plus my hands feel amazing!
3369	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My standard color, a great red.
5886	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Very disappointed. It may be 7-free but it's rated a "6" on EWG. Ugh! I was going to go back to Essie (rated a 5 with EWG Skin Deep) but will try Zoya (5-free) because of all the good things I read about it. It was 1 of only 2 out of the 12 nail polishes tested that were really free of the toxic chemicals they claimed.
1431	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great facial wash111
2277	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The main draw for me and this body wash was the scent.  And that delivered.  I quite like the aroma.  As others have mentioned, this body wash could go both males or females, really.  I don't think the scent pushed stronger towards either gender.  Aesthetically, I think the packaging needs work.  It is very plain and industrial.  If I were passing this on a shelf, I don't think I would give it much of a first glance, let alone a second.  I didn't have any trouble with getting the body wash out of the container, which was a nice plus. While it's hard to judge if something really makes you clean, I felt clean after trying this product out.  It didn't lather as much as I would have liked, but it seemed to get the job done.
I've had the luxury of trying both on my husband, and "Aqua" is so mellow.  This original Eternity is very nice, with a blend of mandarin, lavender, green botanics Midnotes  basil, geranium, sage Basenotes  woody combination of sandalwood, rosewood, amber.
422	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	A little goes a long way, but how it ends up is the issue. The feeling is Very greasy and heavy, and my pores looked and felt very clogged with this. It cannot be used alone without looking rather strange. It covers pretty well, which means that you have to add back shading to look like a real person instead of a plastic toy. When you add powder (I used this same brand to try and follow suggested use), it gets rather muddy and cakey, looking very thick.

6318	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Despite the name saying oil control, this lotion is VERY oily. So oily, in fact, that when I squeeze it out, only oil comes out. I have tried shaking and massaging the bottle, and it still is separated. I am so frustrated this is a poor product. I'm obsessed with the Mario Badescu line so I'm assuming this is a very old product that the seller tried to pass off. If it wasn't such a pain to return it, I would have. It's just went in the trash after 4 or 5 tries. What a waste
490	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After years of wearing MAC cosmetics, I had no idea what I was missing out on. With the MAC makeup I wore, my face would appear very matte and dry. I went into MAC a couple times and asked how i could correct this and they recommended bronzer, a finishing shine powder, primer, finishing spray....I bought it all. None did what I really wanted but I didn't know better. Dermablend has done exactly what I had been looking for. The finished product looks hydrated and natural, more of a satin finish. The application is super easy also. I watched a video on the Dermablend website which basically is 4 steps: 1) Put a small amount on the back of your hand 2) Dab it onto your face 3) Blend 4) Use setting powder. The coverage is medium to full and a little bit goes a long way. The pigment saturation had me wonderfully surprised. I felt like very little did a great job covering my freckles. I've never had a makeup cover so well without the cakey feeling. I have been telling everyone about this makeup after using it for over a week everyday. I love it!!
7387	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I normally use a primer before applying makeup. Primers help makeup go on easier and gives you a better "look" I was really surprised to receive the Vincent Longo primer in such a small tube-especially for the price! The directions say to just use a pearl size amount-which would make the tube last a longer.
I use it as a "pre-shave" -- than add the shaving cream...
625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for covering roscea!

I would recommend this perfume. I just hope that my bottle only having a screw top was an error and everyone else receives a spray bottle as pictured.
As a person who gets occasional cystic acne - something insanely huge and resistant to treatment - I can tell you I've tried it all - accutane, retin-a, acids, benzoyl peroxide, etc. Even accutane, which clears while your using it and sometime after, didn't provide a permanent cure for my cystic acne. benzoyl peroxide can work but is very drying and additionally is responsible for countless bleached out spots on my pillow cases and face towels. I still use TCA and lactic acid just dotted on the spots when things are really stubborn but this little solution is remarkable. Most of the time dabbing this on a few times a day sends that cyst packing within two days.
This really made the pores on the sides of my nose look smaller. It just made my face feel cleaner too. I also liked the sea-type of scent, it was a masculine scent, just a fresh, sea-mineral, type of scent. I left it on longer than it called for, but, it didn't seem to strip my skin of all moisture.
3136	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have rather serious allergies, and everything makes me break out in hives.  I've been a use of a competing product for almost 30 years.  But, it leaves white streaks on my clothes.  I'm tired of looking like the chalk stripe on "CSI".  So, I gave this a try and was happy that it was not only as effective as the other product, but - no more looking like a victim on the sidewalk.  Although it does destroy my chances of Mariska Hargitay looming over me, this does smell better and it's nicer to my clothes.
5. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL INTENSE POWDERCAMO (NO SPF):
1975	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Im use to Essie polishes being of better quality. I had to put on 3 coats to get an accurate color pay off.
8872	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the way this feels!
911	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used La Roche Posay for years, but mostly their sun block products, because I have "sun sensative" skin and couldn't be outside without it. I started using their skin care line and it works really well too, but this product just amazed me. After 7 days of use, my redness went way down, my pores are smaller and wrinkles are disappering. Way. Remember, you have to keep this water in refrigerator.

What I intended to say in this review is that I'd never actually *pay* the price for this product (I received it free as a Vine reviewer), but now that I've been using it, I'm not sure I can say that anymore. I've tried several less expensive products (some organic, some not) and always given up on them within a week for various reasons. I've found nothing to complain about with this so far, though, and could see myself wanting to continue with it when this far is empty. However, I still feel the price is rather steep, so I can't really give it five stars. It's not miracle-working, just a very nice moisturizer, so for $45 for this little 2-ounce jar I can't justify a five-star rating. If I change my mind about that when I've finished this jar, I'll update my review.


3362	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I normally don't leave reviews but the polish I received was too thick, difficult to apply and most definitely not the color advertised. Color is more of a peachy yellow than nude. I  love Opi polish but not satisfied with this one.
5881	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This polish is a bright true orange with the perfect balance of red and yellow.  It is a classic summer shade and looks very nice either for a manicure or pedicure.  The first coat went on rather streaky and the second was a little less so, but still not perfect.  So I ended up having to do three coats (in addition to a base coat).  I did use a quick dry top coat but it still took a full 30 minutes before I felt free to resume normal movement, lol!  This brand of polish wears pretty well.  It's been 5 days since my manicure and I only have some minimal wear on the tips, but no chips.  I was lucky enough to purchase this color at TJ Maxx for $5, a true bargain.  I have other Butter London polishes I have paid full price for, so I was happy to find it so cheaply.  I know that this formula is free of a number of traditional nail polish chemicals, and that's fine, as long as it doesn't effect the hardiness of the polish in general.  I have no issues with the health of my nails, and I wear them short and neat, so I'm not too terribly concerned about it. I have an extensive nail polish collection but didn't have a bright true orange so I'm glad I was able to pick this one up.  It looks great with summer clothing.  I'm giving this polish four stars because the first two coats were so streaky.  But by the third coat, the look was smooth and shiny and in general, the polish has worn well.  I definitely recommend this color and Butter London in general.  However, if you're not concerned about the chemical factor, Essie polish wears just as well for half the price.
9129	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LIQUID GOLD!
When I use just a few drops of this product distributed through my wet hair, it behaves and looks better whether I blow dry it or let it dry naturally.
9620	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This was part of a L'Occitane gift package from my husband. I love scented, moisturizing soap of high quality during winter. My skin dries up when it's cold. I had never used this soap before, but I will be buying it in the future. It had a wonderful, clean scent that doesn't overpower or interfere with any perfume or cologne I wear. Another plus is that is ultra creamy and moisturizing. It produces a lot of lather. Yup, my skin feels like a baby's.
Bought my second one through amazon and it broke less than one year.. The barrel does NOT heat up anymore ... Makes me question the quality control ...
4562	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had bought a fragrance sampler as a gift last year from a high end beauty store, which was awesome. It gave my boyfriend the opportunity to try out about 15 different men's fragrances, so that we could determine which one works with his body chemistry and was pleasing to both of our noses together. It actually turned out to be a pretty awesome gift and was a lot of fun. That particular gift set came with a voucher for a full size one of his choice, and in the end we had trouble deciding. This John Varvatos was our second choice, so I made sure to add it to my amazon list as a future gift.
3. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SET + REFRESH LONG-LASTING MAKE-UP SETTING SPRAY (NO SPF):
What I didn't know was that this product was geared towards men. Oops. Oh well, a facial moisturizer is a facial moisturizer, right?!?
2016	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect medium brown color for fall. Very polished look, and a great change from the normal bright colors.
9457	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have only used the night cream for one month and it is ok.  My face does feel well moisturized when I wake up.  I am not sure if I will continue with this cream or switch to the Firming Night Cream.  I think I need a little more for my "aging" face!
Several things of note here.
237	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works well!

I would recommend this to anyone who contends with thinning hair.  It is easy to use and it isn't too expensive.
177	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this color
9551	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's a great tinted moisturizer with excellent color matching/blending. I have extremely sensitive skin with eczema on top of allergies. My dermatologist and allergist have both advised me against any make up at all, but I find a little Jane Iredale is fine - after all it was developed by a dermatologist.  My only complaint is that I wish it was a bit richer moisturizer. It's light and gives good coverage but looks like you're wearing nothing.
2882	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	white pencil is matte, not super creamy. stays on my water line all day.it fades a little but still visible by the end of the day. looks great with blue eyeshadows. easy to draw the line, i do 2 or 3 passes. it is not too soft so it doesn't crumble, which is great, will last a long time. the color is true bright white. Black/brown is very creamy & easy to draw, like a kohl. It is matte, color is cool very dark brown. You can smudge it really easy.

977	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE these pads and help greatly when used with skin lightening products to remove and lighten dark spots. I highly recommend this if you have dark spots!
9612	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Generous size bar that can be shared with spouse, no added fragrance to interfere with your cologne.
Note: This is a great product for most sensitive skins but if you're sensitive to fragrance I would definitely try something else.

479	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I accidentally ordered this in the wrong color, so will pass it on to a friend.  I did try it out, though, and it provides smooth, blendable coverage that really does cover large marks (veins, bruises, etc.) really well.  It also sets nicely, and doesn't rub off on clothes.

5983	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A little goes a long, long way. I really love this product, in particular, and the Mario Badescu line, in general.

4426	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This cleanser is not for me.  My skin tends to be oily, so I do better with a cleaner that has some salicylic acid.  This cleaner is very much like a lotion and does not leave your skin feeling "squeeky" clean.  I can't attest to how well it removes makeup.

5063	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my husband who gets Actinic Keratosis on his face.  He has been using other creams with AHA/Glycolic acids to keep them at bay all of which have worked quite well.  This cream works just as well and is more reasonably priced than other products he's used.  It has a good amount of glycolic acid and other beneficial ingredients for his skin plus it's non-irritating and moisturizing but not greasy.  He also likes the "plain" packaging and easy to use tube over tubs or pump bottles.  Will continue to buy this for him.
I love this mask.  First of all, it is a warm clay color (think 50% terracotta and 50% rose) so when I applied it, I didn't look like a pale white or GREEN faced monster!

This Xen-Tan mousse can be used for the face and body. I already use a medium daily Xen-Tan lotion that I love for my face, so I'm using this med/dark mousse on my body only (but woukd not hesitate to apply it to my face). This is a foaming mousse with a lighter consistency than Xen-Tan lotions that dries really fast. I find it so quick and easy to apply. I like using a Xen-Tan tanning mitt, but applying it with my hands also results in a nice streak-free application. This mousse leaves my body with an even healthy, natural golden color that suits me much better than darker tanners I've tried- the dark tanners result in a beautiful "tan" look, but they seem better suited for people with a darker skin tone or who want to extend or even out an existing tan. This Xen-Tan mousse seems best for pale skin like mine.

4009	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Vichy products are generally the best I've ever tried.  And I've tried them all from higher end to drug store.  Maybe I'm too picky and I expect too much from the promises.
Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.
3092	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This cream-gel, textured eye cream from ELEMIS nourishes the delicate area around my eyes. It is made with chlorella, blue-green micro-algae, and padina pavonica, said to help with skin firmness and reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles around the eye.
9952	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.
I love Butter London nail products in general, but this one is one of my favorites!
965	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I needed a big honking curler to make those old fashioned rolls of hair that I love so much. This did the trick. It gets hot hot hot, which is so bad for your hair but whatever I can wear wigs if it falls out.
7575	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife loves this stuff and won't use anything else - Amazon prices are SO MUCH BETTER than the store prices!!!



1)  Leaves hair shiny and soft.
1496	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is my 1st time using Zoya Nail Polish.  I absolutely love the color Chantal!!!  It is the perfect nude  for my skin tone!!  I love that it is 10 free!  Feels good to know I'm putting less chemicals on my very thin natural nails.  All that being said I did find that this polish is very thick and a little hard to apply.  It took 2 coats to get a somewhat even application. Maybe it having less chemicals makes it a thicker paint, idk. So I took one star away for that reason. I will try again and see if I can get a better application next time because I am truly obsessed with this color!! I have included photos with and without the flash on so you can see the true color of Chantal.
4572	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't like using antiperspirants . . and this is deodorant only!  Great fragrance and very effective deodorant.  Hard to find except on Amazon.
3751	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This file really does it's job nicely just as I expected. I definitely won't go back to any other cheap nail boards, crystal is just the best way to go. This could also last you a while if you're careful and keep it in its case~
Euphoria is one of my favorite CK fragrances.  It is VERY sweet, so those who don't enjoy sweeter-style perfumes may not like it.  However, I find it to be sweet not in a young or girly way but in a manner that is quite feminine and sophisticated.  The fragrance description lists Euphoria as having "exotic fruits," and I'm not sure that I get that from this scent; black orchid is also listed, which seems more likely to me (although I don't know that I've ever smelled black orchid!).  I would also agree with the "rich, creamy" part, as there is definitely a richness to Euphoria that lasts all day.  In fact, one of the things I love about Euphoria is its staying power--the fragrance remains potent for hours and hours, often still being detectable the next day!
If I feel like pampering myself I do two against the grain passes for that GQ model look.
9547	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	At first I wasn't sure how I felt. The product went on slightly greasy but wow is it a great night cream. By morning my skin is very soft. I am interested to see the difference it makes during a Canadian winter but I'm very optimistic!
6787	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this for about a year and it is hands down one of the best product to treat adult cystic acne. I never really got pimples in my 20s but as soon as I turned 30, those suckers keep popping up. I'm talking about the stubborn, painful big pimples that take weeks to heal and will leave a very permanent scar when they die. This drying lotion should be used as soon as you feel that painful spot on your face. I use it at night after cleaning my face and sleep with it on. By morning my pimple will be gone or significant decrease in size. For the larger stubborn ones, it will take a couple of days to clear up. But use it as the first sign and you won't be sorry.
My only minus is packing- two front products were glued to the box with double tape. It was really hard to remove, as the tape melts and falls apart.
6930	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Didnt see and feel what I read in most of the reviews, I have curly hair, not very thick but freeze. Not for me
But the price almost doubled in a day!
I ordered this one based on the reviews that said it was more gentle than the regular one.  I like it, but it does sting my sensitive skin a bit when I use it, and my skin feels a bit more stripped with this.  I haven't had that problem with the CeraVe face wash, so I may alternate the two.

6731	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this curling iron because it gets the job done....Just be careful not to burn your hair because it can get really hot.
I'm glad that I gave Juice Beauty Nutrient Moisturizer a try because it offers excellent results. I'd happily recommend it to friends.
2354	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I get dry lips very easily, and I HATE it. Looking at someone with chapped lips bows my mind, because I can't concentrate if mine ever are. That said, I've been addicted to lip balm for years and have tried almost every kind on the market. I was excited to try Jouer Essential Lip Enhancer because it wasn't like anything I've ever tried or even seen.
3750	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Like Elta MD but this product leaves residue on my face...does not blend in:-(
4844	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent dry shampoo!  Great scent.  Does the job effectively without "showing" unlike baby powder or cornstarch.  You use very very little so this lasts a long time.  Perfect for those days when you just don't have the time for a real shampoo.
6953	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a beauty product addict. Price doesnt matter to me, Ill try anything, and have tried an insane number of all things potion and lotion. My fave hair serum is $5. My fave face cream is $200. I mention this only because I want to be clear that I am not attracted to only higher end lines.
3513	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this hairspray because it is light and not sticky feeling on your hair. It holds without being stiff. I would recommend this product.
2. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL TRANSLUCENT LOOSE SETTING POWDER (NO SPF):
3864	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fast drying formulation just like the original clear Nail Envy. Love that it also comes in colors. I bought the Hawaiian Orchid and it's a pretty mauve pink. Lasts with no top coat for about 5 days before I have to remove and reapply.

Excellent, smooth formula. 2 coats on this one = perfection. Long wearing, chip free. Perfect. Another Zoya winner!
5500	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Exactly the same as what I bought at the beauty salon, and at a more reasonable price.
This has some fruity top notes, like pomegranate and persimmon, so you think it might be a sweet light fruity scent, but as time goes on, the low notes start to blossom...they are more vanilla, musk and patchouli. I was sorta hoping that the fruit plus musk/vanilla might hint at the original Dior Poison (which I loved), but it isn't like that...but in the same sort of family, if that makes any sense.  So it is more of a deep luscious scent, not a light flirty one.
4019	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	From the female side of the family. I've tried this fragrance and it's not for me -- but at the same time, it is entirely what it claims to be, and that is why I give it 5 stars. There's nothing like a perfume or "eau de toilet" (as this is), to divide the reviews. Some love it -- "my go-to fragrance! 5 stars." Some hate it and give it 1. The thing is, perfume is about the most personal thing you can choose.

Great  price.
9092	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great curler, love it very much.  Works amazing, the cord doesn't get tangled, and much more.  This has been another great buy from Amazon.
The two colors I have are both medium ones, one a bit lighter, and both appropriate for me, especially my indulgence of mixing other lighter or darker colored LOreal Dermablend Pro products with them.
I use after removing my makeup and before heading to sleep.  In the morning, my skin doesn't feel oily, just well balanced.  I plan to continue using as part of my routine, especially as the fall/winter season approaches, where my skin tends to get dry/flaky easily.
3118	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Holy cow does this makeup brush cleanser cleanse! One little spray starts to disintegrate the makeup from my brushes, even my eye brow brush covered in Anastasia brow pomade comes completely clean every time! It has a bit of an oily feel and a little goes a long way. This makeup remover is also extremely effective on my beauty blender sponge however, I noticed that my sponge started running "pink" which makes me think that this cleanser is so strong it's taking the pink dye out of my beauty blender. My main complaint though, is the scent. It literally smells like a strong lemon kitchen cleaner which is strange since I'm not trying to de-grease my stove! For the price, it is very strong and effective. I would recommend this product as a good substitute for the beauty blender brand cleanser.
5367	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have rosy redness in some areas of my cheeks (likely rosacea) and wanted to try a product to address it.  I don't like to wear makeup so I was looking for a product that would go on lightly, blend in, and reduce the appearance of the redness.  This does just that - I put it on the red areas by blending it completely into my skin.  It's very light - if you put too much on, it will appear green so a little goes a long way. It remained on for most of the day, only a little touch up needed later in the day at work.
8649	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This body lotion is great and I'm pretty ecstatic To discover it now.  It is so light and not too sweet. Scent is incredibly clean. I love the way my skin feels after I put it on. Something is just so good about it.  I love another certain lotion with oatmeal it's actually my favorite around the house and made by Aveeno. I feel this one made with wheat is very similar in the way it feels. The difference is price, with Aveeno you get a lot more for a lot less $$.

1617	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Looks like diamonds!!
7723	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This little tube of color correcting liquid is gold. If you have red on your face, from acne, rosacea or even some broken veins, you will love this tube. I am Irish, Scotch and German. You know that is fair skin that gets red areas. I used some of this on my areas of redness and now, no longer red. I used a small amount and distributed with my finger easily on my face. After that, you will need to have a foundation and then the setting powder. I am able to wear this on my red areas by itself because I blended it in well. It also smoothed the texture of the skin.
9385	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I found another color from OPI that I love!  Took a chance on purchasing a color I did not see in person and was very happy with Just Lanai-ing Around!  This is a beautiful spring and summer color that complements a casual blue-jean outfit, a day at the pool  or a dressed-up event.  The full richness of the color is exposed when applying two coats.  And, as always, OPI delivers a quality polish with a crisp and lasting finish.
9788	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My dermatologist gave me a sample of this complex.  I used the sample once and immediately ordered it from your online store.  It is worth every penny.  I'm 50 and don't want to spend the time or money ($200) for acid peels to help my dark areas.  With this product, my dark areas started fading right away.
The results are lackluster at best, but the cream really does make your skin feel soft and moisturized even if it doesn't feel exfoliated.
9641	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is so fabulous. It smells divine, is so smooth, rinses off well, and I use it to make my body sugar scrubs!
Smell: When I first put this on, the smell seems refreshing, but it is a lasting fragrance that is slightly strong for my tastes. If you want an idea of how this smells on the skin, it is similar to the Watkins brand green tea and aloe scented line of products.
I use this morning and night after cleansing.  I follow with an essence (this is a step in Korean skincare that I have adopted), a couple of serums and/or face treatments, and a moisturizer.  In the morning I also use a sunscreen, a primer, and foundation.  This product does not interfere with the application of any subsequent products, as long as I allow it to dry adequately before continuing.  (It really does not take long to dry.  Also, a little goes a long way -- you don't have to use much.)

2272	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I understand the concept of creating a spa line for men. I respect that. This body wash could be used by a man or woman. The scent is bad. It reminds me of cheap imitation perfumes. it actually gave me a headache. It does clean the body. Other than that, I do not have anything good to say about it.
Then I found out that there are two different versions of instructions.  The instructions on Amazon tell the user to pump the cleanser onto dry hands and massage into dry skin. Wet fingertips and massage to form an emulsion then rinse.  The instructions on the Juice Beauty website say to apply this treatment serum to entire face or just to blemished areas and then apply moisturizer.  There is no mention of forming an emulsion and rinsing it off.  Unfortunately I couldn't read the instructions on the package, so I cannot comment on what they say.  I think that this is two very different ways to use a product and one has to be wrong.
Wow again.  I hadnt understood at first how I can use this, as one of the colors I own is a darker bronze; and while I hadnt yet noticed the medium (my shade).  I mistakenly applied some of the dark under my cheekbones to see a defined look which actually worked for me, yet thick as I applied it - and silly me! I am thinking that since this product says body in the title it is going to be nice for use on varicose veins and other body imperfections like a permanent rash I have!  Double win!
235	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice quick drying top coat
3739	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really nice nail file.  Only downside is that it breaks if it falls from the countertop!  This is my 2nd file, first one broke when it hit the floor.  I liked it enough to reorder....
 Based
Zero% ZO mix with bunch of additives is hardly anything except chemicals. 97% organic with 18% ZO, the best protection which costs few times less than Coola with no chemicals. Their mix is hardly organic and one needs to ask, do you really need to put fragrance on you skin when looking for protection from the sun as well as all other chemicals Propanediol, Sodium Polyacryloyldimethyl Taurate, Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Trideceth-10, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Water, Xanthan Gum. The main ingredients are Avobenzone and Octinoxate, you can purchase that in mixes for tenth of the cost as Coola.
2106	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just put this color on my hands and feet Luv it !!! I would recommend this color to all my friends
My hair is shoulder length with a few long layers and my round-barrel brush would never glide through my hair while I'm drying it at home.  Instead, my damp hair would just stick or snag on the brush.  So, for years, I've been doing more of a full blowout each time, separating out each small individual section, wrapping it around the brush, fully drying it, and then moving on to unclip another small section to repeat the whole process.  And, sure, the time-consuming blowout looks nice and full and great--but who has time for that each and every time?
8045	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is great for thinning hair, but you need some hair for it to adhere to.  It's keratin, which I believe is a protein that is part of the structure of hair and it looks very natural, if you choose the right color.  Even a hairdresser couldn't tell I was using it until she washed my hair.  It comes out easily with shampoo, but can last for a day or two if you don't wash your hair.  It makes your hair look so much thicker and that is saying something.  My hair is so thin in the back that my scalp shows through, but with Toppik, you can't tell.  Even if someone was sitting behind you, like in church, I don't think they would pick up on the fact that you are using it.  Men, if your head is totally bald, you know, shiny, I don't think this is for you, but if you are thinning and still have a fair amount of strands of hair left, this could work for you.  Be sure to get the color closest to the rest of your hair.  I believe they even have grey.  I use either the dark brown or the light brown depending on the shade that I have my hair dyed.  Also, it doesn't come off on my pillow like the Joan Rivers junk, and the medium size can lasts pretty long. It's expensive, sort of, but worth it.  Definitely cheaper than a wig or toupee.  As soon as I open a new container, I order another one, just to make sure that I never run out.  The best price I have found is on this website. Sally's Beauty Supply is much more expensive, as is the Toppik website.
4318	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I am a lip balm junkie. I have lip balm on constantly. I like something with staying power - something that lasts longer than 5 minutes. I need moisturization and I don't like my balm to be too glossy/shiny. I do not consider this Baxter Salve Lip Balm to be a balm at all. A salve, perhaps as the title states, but not a balm. A balm should be thicker/heavier and provide more moisture and protection. It should go on a bit heavier. I myself prefer Carmex original twist sticks, so if you use those you will know what I mean by heavy on the lips with lots of moisturization and it does not wear off quickly.
7243	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The BEST Foundation and perfect for my skin color - which is incredibly difficult to match. Hides HYPERPIGMENTATION very well!!!


1961	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love love love this color. No matter what season, it always looks great and I get compliments on it.
Thanks to all the reviewers here who took the time to write about the product, and to the manufacturer for making such a great product. I'm now an every-other-day hair washer!
4951	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is the 2nd room spray that I purchased in the last week, only because the first one was defective. This time I bought the Antica rose, orris, and oud which works well and smells very nice - it's a warm floral and not too sweet. Also it isn't overpowering or strong and I would like it even more if it lasted longer than it does. I do spray it more than I should just to be able to smell it in the rooms and hallways - for this reason this bottle won't last long for me. It says that it can be used for linens but I am reluctant to spray it on my sheets for fear it might get them stained from the ingredients like any other room spray. There are many different fragrances Antica has to choose from depending on preference and at this price I would recommend giving it a try. The first one I ordered was the lavender and lime and because it didn't work properly I didn't comment on it favorably - I did say it smelled nice though! I have one last remark about this spray - when I press the top down to spray not a lot goes into the air and I have to do it quite a few times to get enough into the room unlike some other ones that I've used (Diptyque which costs more than double the price of these).


I have, at least, seen no negative results.  This works for other people, but I have seen no results.

1458	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color of blood, literally. Looks amazing on hands and feet. Lasts a while and applies smoothly. 1-2 coats give excellent coverage. Love it!
6791	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	helped my son with acne scars
Certain scents are just classics, and Obession is one of them.  Even after thirty years, it feels modern and sexy.
5372	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Worked well as a concealer under foundation. Hid unattractive red spots and blotches on my face. Stayed in place all day. Blended in well and felt nice on the skin. Little pricy, but it does work and it doesn't take much.
6798	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
5742	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My main complaint with this stuff is that it ships in a glass jar. That makes it difficult to toss into my bag for traveling.
3277	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have tried many different brands.  All the supermarket brands seem to just force me to become dependent on their product rather than actually moisturizing.  I feel those brands just create a momentary barrier, that still leads to my lips peeling.  I've tried Kiehl's as well, which is better than store brands, but same dilemma.  This product is different.  First, it is not your typical tube "chapstick" type of product.  It is a squeezed balm that you apply with the plastic applicator tip.  Second, I applied it about 3-4 times throughout the day, and by the next day, my lips were moisturized, and I didn't have any peeling.  Good stuff, I will shell out the extra money to buy this stuff again.
It goes on smoothly. I rub it between my palms and then gently spread it over my face and neck (except on my nose and to either side, where I tend to have oily skin). I found it goes on and absorbs better that way than using my fingertips. It makes my skin feel soft, and not greasy.
5769	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a loyal customer and user of Elizabeth Arden's Red Door Eau De Parfume for years. Like I reviewed the Red Door EDP - Eau De Parfume - it seems that where ever I go when people ( MEN as well as Ladies) smell it on me they absolutely have to ask me "WHAT ARE YOU WEARING - YOU SMELL SO GOOD!" Because of the constant compliments of how GREAT I smell I decided that I would always buy and wear this perfume. When I wear ANY OTHER perfume I don't get any compliments. So why buy and wear anything else? After getting this perfume years ago and receiving so many fantastic compliments I decided to buy all the other products of Red Door. I do wear this deodorant and all the other products from Red Door daily. I love using this cream deodorant and it lasts such a long time too!  Another favorite of mine is the Red Door Perfumed Body Lotion and the Dusting Powder.  They all just compliment the Perfume. I wish they would come out with other products as well such as a liquid hand soap. My husband and daughter know that if they ever want to give me THE PERFECT GIFT they can't go wrong with Red Door!
8700	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My gf liked it a lot. It absorbs right into the skin without irritating it. There is no scent to it which is great if you have sensitive skin. Bottle is a lot smaller than I had imagined.
And maybe just by coincidence, my favorite cologne is jack black blue mark(japanese juniper/ginger essence)- I've yet to find a woman who did not love this stuff. But I digress.
Shampoo (1.7 fl. oz)
7475	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair stylist rubbed a bit into my hair before styling and I knew had to get a bottle of my own. I guess this has been around for a while. Why have I just recently discovered it?!?

The bottle that I received is 1.7oz. It is a decent size bottle that will last a long time...providing that you do not spill it. This comes to my one and only issue with this bottle. It has a screw on cap and no spray cap (like it shows in the picture). I am not sure if I received a box without the spray cap or if it just does not come with one. However, a spray top is necessary for me with fragrance. I have worn this 4-5 times already and I have already sloshed it all over my wrist once. Frankly, I am a klutz and this would be a pricey spill if I knocked the entire bottle over.
As a makeup artist, I have access to some pretty nice products to use for a variety of occasions.  When I saw Dermablend, I was interested to see what it was like and how good it might be to add to my kit in the future.
6840	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When Mario Badescu Drying Lotion comes to purchasing products, I will only buy high-quality.
5281	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite face sunscreen moisturizer ever! I have a morning and even routine with high end face products. This moisturizer does wonders for the price. Super moisturizing in this dry weather. Rubs on thin and easy to apply make up over once it dries. Love it
2028	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Essie's nail colors. This is a perfect color of red not to bright but very soft. Had a hard time finding it in stores. Thanks to a Amazon you can find anything.
1295	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Performs as advertised
7776	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It definitely works; the results for light acne are dramatic within about 10 days. It heals and dries up mild acne on a teen skin. It does not irritate or dry up skin at all. We had a reaction to the last versions of Proactiv so this gentle formula was a welcome relief. We do not use it constantly, just to deal with a small outbreak, then back to our regular routine. We use this one as needed.

5864	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Favorite brand. It is shiny and smooth and rarely chips. I can garden, do dishes and no chips. I also wear the come to bed red color and it doesn't stain my nails. I only use this, no top or bottom coat.
6839	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This stuff is great and definitely helps clear up zits when used as directed. The earlier you detect a pimple forming and put this stuff on it, the more likely it will go away before coming to a head. It seems to even help reduce popped zits (I know I shouldn't, I just can't help it sometimes) in terms of swelling and redness. Even cystic acne goes away. I also use a thin layer on areas that I feel may break out (like freshly tweezed brows) and it is great for prevention.

7548	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Well it feels nice :) But I have very sensitive skin and it made me break out right away...first night. I wish I could use it...smells great, feels great...but pimples :)
1557	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Zoya Polish!  I use the base and top coat along with 2 coats of polish. I can usually go 2 weeks without a chip.  And it is easy to remove the polish.  Also knowing it is 5 Free brings peace of mind!
4. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SMOOTH LIQUID CAMO MEDIUM COVER FOUNDATION (25 SPF):
* Slight Scent of Soap(?)
7647	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love them. Own two plan on getting all. Blends into shadow perfectly. I use them all the time. Cute packaging also.
8179	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Only facial SPF I use. This stuff works great and was recommended to me years ago after receiving a facial. Fast shipping and perfectly described by seller.
712	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	like it
4428	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This cleanser has a scent (which I hate, and isn't good for sensitive skin), a texture that feels too sticky and slimey, and left a residue on my skin, that I immediately washed off using a different cleanser.  I can't imagine it being good for anyone,

98	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OPI New Orleans Spring/Summer nail polish is good....Fun shades!
The capsules are filled with thick, clogging oils that smell a bit off. I've noticed no results from the product except its unmatched ability to clog my pores.
I just find that this particular scent reads a bit older. My sister and mom both felt the same way. Men seem to like it though.
10	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best hand cream ever.
6334	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I used the product to see if it worked as advertised and it did. It kept my skin hydrated and smooth. A big plus was that my skin did not break out.
After two months of use, my skin is possibly the best it has ever been.  I have very minimal to no breakouts. I don't have to wear much makeup at all beyond a little foundation or concealer to even out my color.  Lines by my eyes and mouth are reduced. Redness is gone.  Old acne scars and discolorations are fading. the texture is GREAT.  I have gotten compliments on my skin lately. (You look healthy / are glowing! / look so young! You can't be 38!) I almost wish I had taken before and after photos. I cant believe it, but I actually threw out all the other non-PCA skin care products in my cabinet without hesitation.
8930	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff!
4351	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great stuff
* Brush is quite soft. If you tap it directly onto your face it feels almost sharp, but as long as you hold it at an angle, it's quite pleasant (my husband complained until I showed him the right way to use it)
Yes it is pricy, but I think it's worth it given the ingredient deck.

If you are looking for a quality iron that will last a LONG time and won't leave you penniless, this is worth it. Only a few bucks more than the generic cheap equivalents, and it will work like a horse and leave you looking gorgeous.

I am happy to see more high-end products from LOreal that should work well for young and old alike, especially since it seemed to me years ago that their products were for my younger crowd.
trust which is very great business relationship with customers.
2999	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using PCA for a year now and I no longer have peeling cheeks.

8521	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This two ounce plastic bottle of Mario Badescu Moisturizer has SPF15 sunscreen.  It is a perfect size for your desktop.  Any time I go outside I squeeze a nickel size drop in my palm and coat my face and arms.  Lately I have been terrified about the effects of the sun.  I saw an article and pictures in the New England Journal of Medicine, you can google "Unilateral Dermatoheliosis" to see the pictures - the side of the man's face that was exposed to the sun during his truck driving looks about 20 years older than the other side of his face that was well shaded in his cab.  OKAY - got it - sunblock, sunblock, sunblock!!!!  And I love the Mario Badescu brand, nothing clears up acne better, so in the Moisture Magnet, I trust.  That and a hat...
 Dermablend Pro Translucent Loose Setting Powder in my three separate medium shades (separate jars); when applied and then dusted off created light on dark or dark on light look as I so chose.
8709	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the BEST moisturizer I've ever used! I have really dry sensitive skin and it's extremely hard for me to find something that I can use that doesn't make me break out like crazy. This moisturizer made me a believer in Mario Badescu so much that I went out and bought his full face treatments for every skin mishap I happened to have that day. I couldn't be happier with this. I have also recommended to my friends and family. Just a few days ago I had really dry skin all over my chin, cheeks, nose, and forehead. I tried everything I could think of with the products that I had already, and nothing was working. I decided to try this after a youtube blogger friend of my recommended it. It only took a couple days for my skin so look amazing. It think after using this my skin looks better than it did before. I don't even need full coverage makeup after what this has done to my skin!!! It's a miracle product line!!!

7677	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This scrub is by far the best one out there I have ever tried.  My skin is very sensitive and dry, and I truly feel like I have used every scrub in the departments stores out there; even very expensive high end brands.  This particular scrub leaves my skin feeling soft and supple with out it feeling dry at all.  I use it 2-4 times a week.
3659	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Call me a shill if you wish, but I have no connection whatsoever to this company. I have reviewed several XEN-TAN products and found all but one of them to be 5-star. That is my totally objective opinion. This Mousse Intense is my favorite of all of them, so I'll call it 5 stars PLUS. The mousse goes on smoothly, without a hint of streaking. It smells heavenly if you like vanilla (I love vanilla). It gives a buildable, non-orange tan that lasts for about a week unless you fail to exfoliate before use. It dries fast, so if you apply it just after showering and before bedtime, it will dry during your short walk from the bathroom to the bedroom. Don't expect any moisturization from this mousse. It is a self-tanner only. If you want moisture, you will need to add it separately. But if you want a natural looking tan, smooth application, wonderful scent, and fast-drying, this is a great faux tanner!
7363	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For me, make up should naturally enhance my looks, not look fake.  This eyebrow pencil sure fits the bill.  I have pale skin with blond eyebrows, so the eyebrows disappear into my face.

8468	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this after falling in love with Mario Badescu products. I have oily/combination skin and this makes me feel so clean and invigorated after every wash. I will always push anything Mario Badescu,  always wonderful products.
9193	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my holy grail of pimple creams! It is very drying (hence the name!) so use sparingly! That said, this really helps to reduce large spots overnight for me!


There is no smell. It blends well but you can use a drop of water to help it too. It does not make your skin greasy, oily or dry. It has a very natural look and feel.
3407	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A classic nude/slightly pink sheer nail Polish from a great brand. If you are looking for a strong color to show up on your nails this is not for you.
Yes, this is loose powder.  I removed the sticker over the holes in the shaker and tapped a bit out, then picked it up on a separate eyeshadow brush.  This worked well for me and there was no mess.  You can get a more subtle glow or shimmer by brushing a thinner layer on pretty much anywhere you want.
6883	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Mario Badesco's Drying Lotion is a remarkable product that not only works on overnight healing of skin eruptions but also is an excellent production for immediate relief of the thing of bug bites. It seems like this small bottle lasts forever also.

8987	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good product
1308	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for covering up thinning hair

3893	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my 2nd bottle of this Nail Envy. LOVE IT. Makes my soft weak nails strong and healthy. Wear it alone or as a base coat. Wouldn't be without it. Made such a difference with my nails.
5981	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This eye cream has helped the bags under my eyes so much! I apply every night before bed. Love this stuff! It is thick thats why I use it at night.
680	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I liked it but its not HG. I like that its glycerin based which is different. I don't really like the feel of it on my lips or skin kind of a waxy silicone feel. But it does moisturize well. Overall consensus is that it's way too expensive in America and therefore even though I put I would repurchase, I would only do so for the original price. Oh yes and the smell disappears quickly as stated.

1891	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT!!! I will use this seller again.
6	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Doesn't leave you hands feeling greasy or slippery.
668	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it

8748	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I struggle with intermittent adult acne. I recommend all of Mario Badescu products. Amazing!
Green isn't the usual color I go for, but this was a beautiful green, first coat and second coat both looked lovely.

2583	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff works wonders.  I've tried several scrubs but I always felt like they were made for women.  This product feels like it was made for a man.  It leaves my face feeling refresh and the smell is great.  This is also great to use right before a shave.  It's a bit expensive so I try to only use it a few times a week.
9744	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Vichy Homme Body and Hair Shower Gel, 6.76 Fl.

8619	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I do not give 5 stars often, but this body wash has earned it.
I apply with my (clean) fingers and set it with some powder, and it lasts a long time. It is hydrating on my skin, and goes on very smoothly and blends very easily.
8293	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	With just a hint of shimmer to jazz it up a bit. Love the color and love this brand - it has really staying power, much longer than most brands of polish.

2885	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best Shampoo ever for dry hair. My entire family uses it and loves the smell.
I have more than 400 polishes so this one is must have for me.
1419	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Products like this make shaving a pleasure. I have REALLY sensitive skin, I decided to go old school and use a single edge safety razor, (not a straight edge, yikes) good boars hair brush, Pre Shave Lotion, by Edwin Jagger. Combining these products with a good shave cream, like Jack Black, or similar product will make shaving like spa day for your face. I do keep a triple edge for the heavy stubble areas, but once you go with a safety razor, you will be shaving for pennies a week, not dollars, like the Fusion cost. I am trying to cram in a lot of information here, but trust me, I have picked this method after years of beating up my face. I treated myself to a good barber shave, and this are the products he used. And I have been a believer ever since.  ENJOY.
It has mostly helped the skin around my lips. My lipstick doesn't feather as much as it used to, thanks to those fine little lines plumping up.
7272	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the absolute best makeup for people with rosacea!  I looked long and hard, trying to find one that wouldn't create a flare up.  Such a catch 22.  I want to cover my redness and bumps with foundation but wearing foundation makes it worse.  I know women around the world can relate!  Finally I found this one recommended by a number of people on a rosacea forum.  Love it and have been using it almost 2 years now.  I actually think it helps clear my rosacea.  Plus it has spf which is fantastic because every sunscreen except greasy zinc burns my face.  If you have rosacea, I understand your discouragement in looking for foundation.  Try this!  There is a case you can buy for it, but I just use the plastic it comes in.  I find it works just as well and saves money.  Golden Glow works well for my coloring too.  In the winter I wear Riviera and summer it's golden glow.
6952	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product and the shampoo for over a month. Very good quality product. My hair is a lot more soft and manageable (i have curly hair). I use a lot of heat to style my hair and i have already noticed a huge reduction in split ends and the "straw" like feel my hair used to have. I would definately recommend this product to anyone!
2859	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Jane Iredale cosmetics in general because I have very sensitive skin, and this concealer is just another reason! It works perfectly, though I suggest buying the makeup spatula to mix the two colors if you use both.
9880	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I moved up to the slant after Shaving with the Merkur 180 long handle for 3 years.  Most say that this is not a beginners razor.. And I agree with them. That being said, it is an excellent razor.  I tried the short handle 37c but I prefer the longer handle.. I Like to get a grip with 3 fingers. The only other real slant out there is the ikon and that is like $175 .. All the reviews I've read say that it is comparable to the Merkur (37/39c) but three times the price. Now my best "desert island" shave is 39c, Treet blade, Arko soap.
2201	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lasts a long time and covers very well
This foundation has nice coverage. Similar to a color-stay liquid foundation, but looks more natural. I've applied with with a makeup sponge and also with my fingers and I find it definitely blends better with a sponge. The natural beige is a touch more tan in person compared to the online photo, but the foundation blends easily enough that even if you're off a little in the shade, you can make it look natural.
7608	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the feel of this cream. It lasts a long time and I think my neck looks a little firmer.  At my age, I'm not expecting a miracle! I think this is a quality product and I would order it again.
You have to shake the bottle to combine two distinct layers of solution and they do separate again almost immediately.  I remove the lid, place a cotton ball over the open top, shake, and immediately squeeze some onto the cotton ball.  By the time I set the bottle down, the layers are pretty much separated again, it's that quick.

8173	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i have used this for over 20 years. It is not sticky or oily. AND it is spf 33!!  I use it every morning
The two colors I have are both medium ones, one a bit lighter, and both appropriate for me, especially my indulgence of mixing other lighter or darker colored LOreal Dermablend Pro products with them.
8023	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely LOVE this stuff!! It covers your scalp and seems to make your hair seem fuller. I no longer worry that people will see my balding head. It even helps kind of cover my gray hair at the roots. I really do love Toppik! It works great!
I was a bit confused when I first opened it and saw it was solid!! But then I read the instructions that say to put some on the back of your hand and rub in and voila! It turned it softer so I could apply to my face! :)

6405	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's nice and cool on but doesn't do anything for my combination skin.
Overall, it's a really nice (if somewhat pricey!) set that would last a man who shaved 3-4 times a week about a two months. My husband's skin is noticeably softer and less irritated after shaving. Having the brush to lather is an elegant touch.

I can also see this being included in a nice GIFT basket with other Mario Badescu products.  No one would be disappointed with that nice gift basket.

9495	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This helps with dark circles.  It is thick and holds the moisture in well.


I am using the XEN-TAN tanning mitt, which is really nice. I've always used disposable gloves so I am surprised at how evenly you can spread the foam with this mitt. NOTE: Hand wash the mitt and then allow it to air dry completely before first use because it has a slight velour surface and there may still be some manufacturing lint and fibers that can affect your final tan.
The texture is creamy and it rinses away clean, leaving skin feeling smooth and supple.  I have sensitive skin and did not encounter issues.  I would recommend this product.

3359	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used to get this from the styling salon in JC Penny, but I can't find it there anymore for some reason and I've never seen it anywhere else. It's a shame it's so difficult to find because there is no other polish remover that works as well as this. It even removes nail polish with glitter it with ease and it doesn't leave the darker colors in your cuticle or under your nail. It removes everything and it does so quickly. It costs more than your standard polish remover, but it's worth every penny.
5852	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great with any brand of nail color.
2866	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite lid primer, hands down!  It can be worn alone to simply brighten up the eye for a somewhat pearly look too.  Great product!
2602	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Use this everyday that I straighten my hair. Makes it shiny and not frizzy
3183	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product, works great on sensitive skin. Doesn't have a lot of fragrance which I like. I first started using this when I got a facial, she sold the line.
1534	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this nail polish. It is the only brand I will use. They have so many different colors, the finish is perfect, and they don't chip as much as the other brands. I still use a protective top coat just in case. I also rely on this brand because it is free of all the "big three" chemicals. This color specifically, Willa, is a shiny black finish. It takes about 2-3 coats to get it covered but it lasts about a week without a top coat. I plan on buying more colors in the future.
4104	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This kit is incredible.  My husband shaves his head almost daily and this set has made his scalp, face and neck softer, smoother and so much more nourished looking.  He says that he can get really close to his skin without abrasions and after shaving he uses the after shave for a clean and healthy feel.  I can't really describe as well as I should, but I can tell you this.  Yesterday, he came down from getting ready for work and he looked great!  His skin had a nice glow.  It was soft and supple with almost what I would call a rejuvenated look.  He really loves this kit and will continually purchase it.
It's pricey, but I'm honestly just amazed at the difference this has made in such a short amount of time!
I'm applying this Primer after applying my eye cream (I wait a few minutes).  The Primer helps protect my natural eyelashes and helps adhere the Blinc Mascara (again, you could use any mascara with this Primer.  See my review of Blinc Mascara for more information on that great product).

It has mostly helped the skin around my lips. My lipstick doesn't feather as much as it used to, thanks to those fine little lines plumping up.
5887	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good
6914	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had bought a fragrance sampler as a gift last year from a high end beauty store, which was awesome. It gave my boyfriend the opportunity to try out about 15 different men's fragrances, so that we could determine which one works with his body chemistry and was pleasing to both of our noses together. It actually turned out to be a pretty awesome gift and was a lot of fun. That particular gift set came with a voucher for a full size one of his choice, and in the end we had trouble deciding. This John Varvatos was our second choice, so I made sure to add it to my amazon list as a future gift.
5188	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is my long time preferred moisturizer. It feels great on with a light but pleasing scent. This is a bit heavier than other moisturizers so I find it good for winter months here in WI.

3348	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Mixed feelings about this Opi Lacquer Remover.
4187	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great toner
9844	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I mean.. literally. This smells like the Clinique fragrance called "Happy." If you like that fragrance you'll love this. Having worked in a salon for over 34 years I can honestly say I can "detect" any perfume and its name quickly.
3230	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This perfume smells like cheap (and strong) shampoo or highly fragrant dryer sheets. I sprayed some on a piece of blotter paper, recoiled at the onslaught of aroma chemicals, and then put it back in the box. About a half an hour later, I saw a friend who knows I love (and collect) perfume. She commented, "You smell like cheap perfume!" What she was smelling was merely a few scent molecules that had wafted off the paper and "stuck" to my clothes. This supposedly "soft feminine" fragrance is one of the reasons perfumes are increasingly banned in public places. This fragrance was popular in the '90s; perhaps it's been reformulated. Perhaps not. Either way, this iteration is simply awful to my nose.
8001	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	For a few more dollars I could've gotten a much BIGGER bottle!!!!!!!! Content amount is Not worth it!!!!!!!!!!!! It's a rip off to buy this item for that amount
4004	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Quickly and easily removes makeup with no oily residue. Apply to a cotton ball or makeup remover pad and after a few swipes, your hard to remove eye makeup disappears. No burning eyes. It's very much just like water!
3509	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my second DE and I love it.  After learning how to shave with a DE, it worked great.  This is a great unit to use if you've been using a cartridge type razor, since it has a longer handle.  DON'T USE PRESSURE while shaving, let the heft of the razor do the work.  Shaving with a DE takes time and patience, but it's well worth it!  This razor is also more "forgiving" than others.  I use the ASTRA Platinum Double Edge with it and it works great.  I would recommend purchasing a sample pack of blades though to find out what works best for you.
4128	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This applicator does a good job applying the powder in the right place.  It's important to keep the powder container 1/2 to 3/4 full for it to work properly.  Otherwise, you get puffs of air that blow the powder around.

2951	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have never really used any time of facial scrub in the shower, but I figured I would give this a shot since I bought several other products from Baxter. This made my face feel really smooth right after I used it. The tiny grains in the scrub seemed to really exfoliate my skin. If you think this is to girly, give it a try, it will really improve your complextion.
I use the product for my face, so even the 3oz. package will last me a long time and compare to the current product I use, this is definitely more cost effective.
3288	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Even though this brand is geared towards men, I had heard good things about this lip balm, and decided to pick it up.  It's got a great, light scent, and, most importantly, is nice and thick, so that it stays on your lips.  So far, it also doesn't seem to leave that white residue that other balms can leave. It also doesn't contain mint, which can dry out already chapped lips. I'm  going to stock up on this!


375	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This shade is a few shades too light for me, but it goes well around the eyes to lighten my dark circles I get from lack of sleep.  The cheeks are a darker tone from the sun, despite using sunblock.
6868	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome
7106	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This shampoo is expensive, but I think it will become a daily staple for me, along with the matching conditioner. I've been impressed every day with this shampoo. It definitely cleans well, has a nice, light smell, and definitely improves the look of my hair throughout the day. It's quite expensive compared to regular shampoos, but a little bit of this stuff goes a long way. It should last a good while. Outside of the price, this really is the ideal shampoo. If you don't mind treating yourself, this is a good daily shampoo, and will become a staple in my daily life.
One note I will make is that this is a new replacement product for the smaller more potent (and expensive) abba Moisture Scentsation shampoo. It is only a little less potent. You may have to use a bit more to get the same effect, but its worth the cost savings if you're not rich. If you are rich, get the older slightly better products here before they are gone. They got discontinued from what I understand due to this product replacing it.
6247	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Noodle & Boo baby products! These wipes smell fresh and clean and do not irritate baby's skin.
5898	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great colour and lasts.
212	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This polish won't come off once applied, and it looks exactly as pictured. My only qualm with the product is that it is pretty thick when you're applying a coat.
I have yet to use the setting powder, but for the length of time I have this on, it stays in place.
9793	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using NIA 24 products for at least 8 years. The skin strengthening complex does as the name suggests. I noticed my skin felt thicker after using for 3 months. Also it evens skin tone and works well on acne prone skin. At first use, the product can cause redness, but it went away in my case after my skin adjusted.
3915	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like all O.P.I. products thus far with the exception of the Matte finish. The original formula is the best and works on my thin brittle nails.
Perfect action. I didn't realize the cap of the razor "pops" off, which is a bit unusual, but I'm sure I'll get used to it and it looks built to last. Bottom line, putting a blade on is quick and easy. Twisting the handle to select your "aggressiveness" is easy, higher number is harsher.
5610	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Saw on Dr. Oz so ordered it. Very disappointed though. Did not fill in at all. Made no difference. Would return if it wasn't such a hassle.
This is a review for a "handy" or medium sized Mason Pearson brush made of six rings of mixed boar bristle and nylon. The longer bristles are nylon and the shorter ones are boar bristle. It is a beautiful heirloom brush worth every penny of the incredibly high price.
7913	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
9538	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	wonderful product that really helped improve my acne prone skin. i am acne free and glowing!
Anyway, this is one great razor and I us the  "SUPER +" Stainless Steel Platinum Coated Double Edge Safety Razor Blades A.K.A Israeli Personnas  because they are coated but not crazy sharp like the Feather blades are.
I get a little psoriasis on my neck and shoulders once in a while, and I'm not sure why, but this stuff calms it down a lot.

WHAT IS THIS CLEANSER LIKE?
Anyway, I highly recommend this,e specially for aging/dry skin. I'm 52, and used to always use powder blush. But post-menopause, my skin got crazy dry. I can use foundation, the Stila blush, and no powder, and I look fine.
3481	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Almost the perfect skin shade.  Lovely.
1712	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Not even close to same color shown here. It was actually dark pink/purple
4) I used it with a transparent mineral powder, and Dermablend Professional Cover Creme stayed *fixed* all day.
The fact that it's SPF 50 is a huge bonus.
This body lotion lathers nicely, rinses cleanly, produces zero irritation, and smells heavenly!  It's not very moisturizing on its own; I always follow up with the body lotion.  I don't think the scent lasts a long time, but it's hard to tell now that I'm used to it. Really love it!
The color (Blossom) was very pretty and matched my skin-tone perfectly.  I applied it with a blush brush and it went on very easily, no smudging or streaking.
4066	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am 51-years old and have never found a cleaner that I LOVE.  Well ... I think I finally did!

3332	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I always like to use the same family of products as my nail polish. I find my polish stays on longer without chips. If the color gets a little dull I use another coat of top coat and the look good for several days. The product line is a bit pricey but well worth it.

2,  Get a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/beautyblender-Original/dp/B000HRVC5I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">beautyblender Original</a>.  That is of utmost importance.  If you take care of it, it will last for a long time.
3338	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color and brand
9497	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product, good price.
1422	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been experimenting with after shave products for a few years and think I have discovered a favorite. The Baxter after shave balm right out of the tube has a very nice scent and immediately upon application I can feel the product on my skin. it is sort of a heated, tingling sensation for about 30 seconds, then subsides. The scent (lemony) remains for a while and the skin is very soothed.
8683	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I keep trying various oils but my sensitive skin has revolted against almost every single one.  FINALLY with this oil my skin is behaving and drinking it up.  It's lightly moisturizing and has evened out my skin tone.
Overall, the fragrance smells to me of vanilla and rose. It reminds me of the scent of traditional talcum powder. As I say, it's not my favorite -- but then, it is exactly what Nantucket Briar Eau de Toilet claims to be. You decide!
1782	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	perfect color
* Have a reliable thermostat which apparently is essential, who knew?
7184	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a natural dark strawberry blond with highlights and very thin hair which gets oily and dirty very quickly on second day. This dry powder shampoo is a miracle worker.  Do not think that Batiste or anything else will work, sprays do not work, only powders.
The balance of elements is near perfect. The upfront scents of sandalwood and smoke hit you first but the citrus and floral topnotes impeccably reveals its presence with perfect timing. Do note that this is a strong fragrance. A half spritz is really all i need to last through the course of a day. The 1 ounce bottle will last a lot longer than you think and the smaller sizing makes for much easier transport on your trips and other such excursions of pleasure.
5352	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells clean, works nicely at night.  Good product.  A facial therapist introduced me to this line of skin care.  They know best, right?
4056	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really good makeup remover, removes all the dirt and at the same time acts like a toner. I apply it with a cotton ball and gently rub on my face. So far I'm satisfied.
6096	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a man who will soon be turning fifty-three.  During the past year, my skin has become dry, irritated and red.  To my chagrin, I had to stop using an electric shaver; this helped but I still had some patches of dry skin in areas where I didn't shave, primarily around my left eyebrow.  In order to relieve the situation, I had to shave every other day and only wash my face in the morning and never at night.  Every morning, I used an exfoliator that was designed to be gentle (NIVEA Men Sensitive Face Wash).  Still, I had to use a lot of Cetaphil in order to relieve my dry skin.
9592	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	smells great


I have now been acne free for about a week. When my acne returns (because it always does) I will try this again, and if I don't have the same results, I will update this review.
I only use a little and I find this a very personal fragrance.  In other words, you can't smell me coming from a mile away.  It's very beautiful and it comes in a super cute bottle.  Definitely one to keep in my fragrance rotation!
1529	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color - it's a dark charcoal

8691	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This oil provides hydration to my dry skin.  A little goes a long way, so this bottle will last awhile.  I noticed a difference in using it.  My skin felt softer.  I used it after exfoliating, so I could get the complete benefit.  It didn't irritate my skin, and it has a pleasant scent.  I like it.
2190	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
8344	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this stuff.  I have sensitive skin and it did not bother me.

Two years later I'm glad to say that I'm still as happy as ever with Proraso. I'm using Proraso with a badger hair brush, a Merkur razor and Sharp razor blades. My resulting shave is ridiculously smooth and pleasantly devoid of irritation that I experiened with Gillete blades. Much of that has to do with Proraso's cream which forms a thick foam with a small dime-sized dollop of cream. The menthol and eucalyptus formula leaves a fresh, tingling feeling when applied and continues post shave.
I have very sensitive skin and Nia 24 did not break me out into a rash or cause my face to become red or to burn. You don't need a whole lot to cover your face. This has never felt greasy but absorbs quickly into the skin.
2109	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	She needed green nail polish and thought she might like the color.  I bought it. she got it, and i'm surprised but uses it all the time.. She loves the color and I may have to buy another now.  Totally worth it to see the expression on her face.


8486	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dont know why it is called lotion as the product is runny as a toner but makes a perfect candidate for night routine if paired with good cleanser. Fresh fragrance of Cucumber is very soothing and it leaves your skin clean, soft and well balanced.
Water/Eau/Aqua, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Ammonium Lauryl Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Cocamide MEA, PCA Dimethicone, Cetyl Alcohol, Glycol Distearate, IPDI/PEG-15 Cocamine Copolymer Dimer Dilinoleate, Trimethylolpropane Tricaprylate/Tricaprate, Hydrogenated Propylene, PEG-150 Distearate, Polyquaternium-7 Dimethiconol, Isolaureth-6, PEG-8 Dimethicone, Silicone Quaternium-2, Panthenol Succinate, Cetyl Triethylmonium Dimethicone PEG-8 Succinate, Panthenyl Ethyl Ester, Disteareth-7
554	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This arrived yesterday, so today was day 1 to try this new makeup product.  I also got the concealer (Ivory) to apply under it, to cover some age spots, dark circles, and redness around the eyes (worked beautifully).  This new makeup, or Cover Creme as Dermablend calls it, is called Pale Ivory and I was afraid the color would be too light but it actually looks like the concealer stick, so all is good.  It was very easy to apply. I just dipped in with finger tips and rubbed them together till creamy, them spread it around my face till it all looked even.  The product does come with a small spatula if preferred.  My finished face looked amazingly fresh and smooth, and that's a good thing!  I did finish up with a light application of  Intense Powder Camo (same brand, Beige) with the dry sponge.  It added just the right amount of extra color along with my blush for a finished look. This product also contains sun protection of SPF 30 which is good for here in the intense sun in Arizona.  I was happy to see that this brand, Dermablend, is part of my favorite makeup...L'Oreal.
Overall, I'll continue using this Juice Beauty occasionally for "shine control" in conjunction with another daily cleaner I use that doesn't dry out my skin as much (and also is much cheaper).  At $22 for 6.75 oz this Juice Cleanser is on the pricier side relative to some other options out there but if it suits you best then you can't put a price on that.  For me, the higher cost is palatable since I'm only using it occasionally - overall I rate this Juice Cleanser 4 STARS in consideration of price/value.

White Woods has this fragrance profile:
7482	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the smell.  Love the feel.

I've been using using it every night to remove makeup and dirt and my skin has never felt better. Apparently the hype was true! Despite having very sensitive skin, this product is gentle yet cleansing and tones perfectly. Truly amazing and I would highly recommend.
My hair is smooth and shiny with volume and smells great.
3799	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	didnt work for me moving on from Mario Badescu tried multiple products nothing worked!
2)  Actually does help straighten out the waves and curls, even without a flat iron.
5696	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for several months now and I like it very much. In my "middle age" with the crown of my head thinning significantly, I find that Toppik is the perfect product to fill in the gaps on my gleaming white scalp. It makes my hair look thicker, and is not nearly the hassle of a wig or a hair piece. The downside, is that it can be a little itchy and you can't really scratch it with your fingers without getting the dye under your nails..a pencil works well though. Also, it should be used with hairspray to keep the fibers in place. I don't much like hairspray and have rarely used it, but all the above is still worth it when I'm out on the town and am feeling self conscious about my thinning hair. Recommended for anyone with thinning hair, or small balding areas, men or women.
3592	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is really good for cystic acne. Doesn't do a whole lot for regular acne, so if that's what you're considering it for I'd go with the drying lotion or the drying cream that they offer in this line. Any cyst I had though on my jaw line or nice didn't stand a chance, literally makes a huge difference over night.

Unlike the soap this cream also has a different form of sheen , it's not thick it's silky and white. With the right amount of water I have to admit it has more slickness yet maintaining a safe cushion. The cushion on the green soap is more evident than the cream.
The bad thing:
I would use this morning and night, but especially at night.

One treatment of this does smooth fine lines and wrinkles and has an added moisturizing effect.
The shave is very good, the best shave I ever got BUT for me the fact that this an adjustable is almost useless since my sensitive skin can't handle any setting higher than two. I just leave the razor on 1 or 1.5 and that is the setting where I can get a close shave without irritation. I use it on 2 if I haven't shaved for a couple of days. Any higher and I get nicks/cuts and major razor burn...and no my technique isn't bad I just have sensitive skin. I don't have a light beard either it's moderately heavy.
671	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good for the skin.  PCA is my daily skin regiment.  I would not change for any other product line. Proof positive.
3130	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've had to try a lot of different sensitive skin anti perspirants.  Some are sensitive but don't protect or vice-versa.  This one does both and it smells really good, too!
3962	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This setting powder worked really well, locking my makeup in for the entire day so I didn't have to reapply anything even once between the morning and evening. And as an extra bonus, it mattified my tinted moisturizer so my skin looked fresh but not shiny at all. Highly recommended.
1710	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a good color. It looks somewhat darker on my nails than the product photo. I do like the goth red. I also find that it lasts pretty well, and doesn't chip as much as other polishes sometimes do.
Enjoy!
4804	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The smell of this shampoo (and body wash) is intoxicating; woodsy and masculine (I'm a lady and love it). I dislike the sickening sweet smell of fruit and flowers from most other shampoos.  This product smells like a dense forest.
537	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm not a make-up person. At all. I've never learned how to properly apply or how to choose colors. It is definitely an art! However, my oldest daughter is in theatre and I'm attempting to learn the ropes alongside her. We heard glowing reviews about the Dermablend Cover Creme full-coverage foundation. I wasn't sure which color to get, so I tried both the Golden Beige (2 Chroma) and the Natural Beige (2 Chroma.) I looked up the color chart and have attached it to this review -- hope it helps someone else! The little jars come with a spatula to get the creme, and product rolls easily between your fingers to really smooth and cover well. It lasted well under stage lights, with only minor touching up/blending necessary, so we were pleased! It lived up to our expectations. She has very sensitive skin, and had no reaction to it.  I plan to purchase one for myself, now!
8214	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a lovely crushed-glitter red.  Good for celebrating!  I found myself just gazing at my nails after I applied it.  Gorgeous!  (Just don't wear base coat or it's nearly impossible to remove.)
8878	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love. Perfect beach bag accessory
The only reason I took off a star was because of the need for a bit more emollient action for me in the moisturizer, and that is likely because I'm a geezer. If you have oily skin, this is not going to be an issue for you and it is possibly a five for that application.

The other products that may also be helping are the Vitamin C serum and antioxidant serum from Paula's Choice that I've also been using.  I've been using the Paula's Choice products for about three months, though, and it was really adding in this Glycolix product that kicked things up a bit.
For even greater results, I recommend Toppik's Hair Fattener.  This is a leave-in treatment.  The results I have with it are impressive.  It works by making the hair appear a little thicker.  I have been using it for about six weeks and even my husband can see a small difference in the thickness of my hair.  (Toppik's claim is that continued use will make a permanent change in the thickness of the hair.) Using both products together will really help you look like you have no gaps of hair.
Like others, I did have some bubbling the first time I applied. You have to do very thin coats to avoid this.
Pros
1840	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Nice color but a little too light for me.  It has sparkles in it too, which I did not know.  U might like and u might not.


It usually takes two or three cotton rounds to remove all of my makeup.

7893	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After I had my baby, I lost a lot of hair (thanks, hormones) and had a few sparse spots that made me feel very self conscious. My hair dresser recommended this and I love it. It's slightly darker than my natural hair color, but it really doesn't seem to make a difference. A little goes a long way and makes the spartan parts of my hair look fuller and thicker. My hair has since grown back, but I have fine hair so I still use it in places. Love it!
Oh, if only I could tell my younger self, baby oil & iodine will not be worth it.
Others have reported a tingling sensation- I would agree, although it is only slight, there is no pain, and this tingling is transient.  I also do not leave this exfoliant peel on longer than 10 minutes.  I tried the sensitive skin product-it is a lot less `caustic' and harsh than other hydroxy acid products that are available.
7546	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's a very good product.
149	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my go-to color when I'm in a rush to paint my nails.  Very pretty and simple especially if you put a sheer white as your base color.
8451	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The scent is very clean & appealing, and it very gently cleans my skin without stripping away the natural oils (NMF) on the surface of my skin. The texture is very unique, it''s like a thick, creamy cleanser although it's much lighter (only a small amt is needed) when I use it. In other words, it's a fairly concentrated product. My skin is on the dry side with an oilier T zone and occasional hormonal breakouts (usually around the chin and jawline) and this cleanser is superb for my type of skin. In fact, I feel this cleanser would be ideal for most skin types (or age) since it's so very gentle and is not too "girly" for men. Yes, it has sulfates but realistically you'd be paying more for a sulfate free cleanser if that's what you're looking for. I honestly don't understand people who don't read labels, the blame the product for not meeting their expectations. If you don't mind non lathering cleansers, this one is a good one from the same line that has no sulfates;&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mario-Badescu-Cream-Soap/dp/B00OP2Q6YI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mario Badescu Cream Soap</a>.
9977	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin.  Over the years I have tried many different things to help.  This is the second order of Proraso Shaving Soap I have made and I do not anticipate changing.  The product lasts a very long time and does not have an overwhelming scent.  This was good for me as I also don't do well with perfumes or lotions that have smells.  This shaving soap has a clean scent but very faint.  The most important thing is that this soap has improved my skin tremendously.  I use this shaving soap and switched to a DE razor.  Although my skin hasn't been perfect it has been a tremendous amount better using this combination than anything else I have tried through the years.  I am very happy with this purchase.

3386	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	OPI is always a great quality product.
285	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love the color
3248	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I forgot my toothpaste at a friends, so I borrowed their's (which was this) and was so impressed.
I had used a non acetone polish remover,and it worked very well. However,I'm have not been able to find that brand. I will continue using this brand of lacquer remover until the bottle is emptied.

9309	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have never tried any Laura Biagiotti products before but am happy with this. It has a strong smell when coming out of the bottle but after showering it is more subtle.  It is hard to describe the scent.  It has a bit of a sweet smell tempered by a more masculine smell.  I use this when I go out on a date or out with friends.
489	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After years of wearing MAC cosmetics, I had no idea what I was missing out on. With the MAC makeup I wore, my face would appear very matte and dry. I went into MAC a couple times and asked how i could correct this and they recommended bronzer, a finishing shine powder, primer, finishing spray....I bought it all. None did what I really wanted but I didn't know better. Dermablend has done exactly what I had been looking for. The finished product looks hydrated and natural, more of a satin finish. The application is super easy also. I watched a video on the Dermablend website which basically is 4 steps: 1) Put a small amount on the back of your hand 2) Dab it onto your face 3) Blend 4) Use setting powder. The coverage is medium to full and a little bit goes a long way. The pigment saturation had me wonderfully surprised. I felt like very little did a great job covering my freckles. I've never had a makeup cover so well without the cakey feeling. I have been telling everyone about this makeup after using it for over a week everyday. I love it!!
8229	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It was the first nail polish that dried quickly and didn't smear as others have. I'll buy it again.
You get what you pay for with PCA Skin.
Dandruff Control: A side benefit to using the Jack Black shampoo & conditioner is that my husband gets itchy dandruff and with the Jack Black shampoo and conditioner he never needs to use dandruff shampoo (which tends to be heavily scented). He used to use a variety of strong anti-dandruff shampoos, but had to stop when I developed sensitivity to chemicals because they all left his hair quite fragrant.
made a huge diff in his face. He hasn't had an ingrown bump or cut himself while
5375	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm seriously getting sold on Demablend! I've been using four products the last month and have been really happy with them. This is no different. I've used "green" cover up makeup before for a few imperfections. I have found that sometimes they are too chalky and do not blend well, and the other one "disappeared" once my liquid makeup was applied. It didn't happen with this! I applied both with fingertips and with a sponge, both worked great! I followed up with Dermablend liquid makeup and loved it. The green covers pimples, red splotches, and red discoloration. This makeup is not thick, and applies easily. The tube is small, but you only need a small amount. I did not experience any rash or irritation. It takes a few applications to get used to applying green makeup before your regular makeup but it works wonders!
470	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have some Dermablend that is a bit too dark, but love it even though I have to blend it with a lighter foundation. This color pretty much matches my skin. I don't wear a lot of foundation, but this one seems to stay on well, blends well with my skin and covers my broken veins and redness on my cheeks. I do use a primer to close my pores on my nose and that works with minimizing the pores and the foundation sinking into them. I also use powder to set the foundation. With my tube of "too dark" Dermablend - I used it as a contouring cream and I must admit that combined with this full coverage foundation--it is a really good look!
9684	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Probably the best hand cream we have ever used. Pleasant odor and consistency so both men and women are able to use it. L'occitane fine French products are a staple in our home. A little goes a long way. The Shea Butter is healing after gardening or lots of hand washing. Seems costly but one tube lasts and lasts. A savior in cold weather and hot.
3782	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I notice my skin was clearer after 2 weeks. I will keep it in my beauty care regimen for now on.
5648	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would recommend this to anyone that still has hair but is balding and can't stand those tell tale shiny spots that say you have thinning hair.
9371	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	gave this to the daughter who does modeling on the side.  so she has to have a cleanser that really works to keep her face clear.  even though she wears little make-up, she cannot afford to have a break out.  she used it and said that her face felt clean.  she said that she liked it for it had a lot of natural ingredients.

4310	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My sister-in-law turned me on to Bioelements and I have been using their products for over 10 years.  I love the Flash Foam as I feel it really cleans my face very well.  I use a wash cloth with it.  It seems as though it lasts a very long time.
9623	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this soap.  Not only does it lather up really well and last a long time, it soothes my extra dry skin and the smell - amazing.  I wish l'occitane made a laundry detergent with this exact fragrance.  I will never use another brand of soap - this one is truly the best I have ever used.
The second photograph shows how it will not cover up a large, raised mole, nothing will, but color wise it made it a lot less noticeable.

7592	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is useful as it described.

I applied this to my face with a foundation brush then pressed it with the butt of a foundation sponge.
*Conclusion: I got this for free through Amazon Vine.  I would NEVER pay $120 for this product.  I have a $79 electric razor that I use on a daily basis that I haven't changed the blades in 3 years.  I am cheap, and not the demographic that the Art of Shaving was reaching for when pricing this product.  This company is likely targeting to the types of people that pay $200 on a pair of designer jeans or upwards of $5000 on a designer summer dress.  I'm the type of dude that trolls Goodwill for deals on used underwear.  You know what I can get for $120 dollars!!?  I can go to a shave shop and have an old-timey dude give me a hot shave with steaming lather while one of his daughters gives me a neck massage and his son shines my shoes for $40 bucks, and that would still leave enough left over for lunch and a happy ending!!
5406	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Thus mask does not dehydrate theskin but helps lift impurities and tighten power. Gentle on the ski, does not completely dty.
This spray smells amazing. It smells just like fresh roses. It is not oily or greasy, yet my skin drinks it in and has become softer, less irritated and the peeling and flakiness have completely subsided. My breakouts are reduced by half and are no longer painful and red. My skin is really starting to normalize and it's only been a day and a half! Everything I've used on my skin lately has stung except for this spray. I can't even begin to explain the relief I've experienced since my first spray.
I really love this lotion especially, as it's got a great texture and you can see it working. Yes, you see dead skin peeling all over. It really is a fantastic product.
2463	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this eye cream for 4 years now and I am very happy with it.  It does a good job of smoothing fine lines and absorbs well. I also have sensitive eyes and this product does not bother them. I highly recommend the PCA line.
4758	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Not convinced of the thickening claim, but it seems to clean well. The smell is a bit muted, but I follow with the Jack Black conditioner anyway, which in my opinion has a much more appealing smell.
7456	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My sister loves this and she uses it nightly
1571	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this series! Dries fast. You can't tell that you have anything on your nails. Hides any yellow! Love it!
7173	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I found this for less elsewhere so I won't show up as "verified", but I can assure you that I do own this product and that I also love it. I used it with the Tressa Watercolors shampoo in Liquid Copper on hair that was faded and very dry even though I was using Pureology. This brought the color back up to fresh in 2 uses so that was great, but even better is the condition it has left my hair. It is super soft, shiny, manageable, silky, and nary a split-end to be seen. I even used it today when I finally got around to doing my roots and touching up my color instead of the regular deep-conditioner and my hair doesn't even sort of look like I just processed it. It's a little pricey, but I honestly don't care - totally worth it. The smell takes some getting used to, but it's not unpleasant - just strong. It reminds me of cinnamon with a floral background.
7002	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When the juice beauty arrived, I had blackheads (giant pores) over my nose, a blemish on my chin, and a cystic zit on the bridge of my nose.  The cystic zit was gone within three days of using juice beauty, which is impressive.  The blackheads cleared up within a week.  The blemish on the chin, well that beast is just winding down, three weeks later.  To use juice beauty, wet face, apply cleanser, scrub, rinse.  My package came with a nice little washcloth, which aided in the scrubbing. After you pat your face dry you put some blemish serum on, it comes in a little tube, it's very runny, so squeeze with caution or you'll get a whole mitt full.  You can apply the serum to just blemishes or the whole face.  I went with the whole face approach, which I liked, because it has a little tightening effect after you put it on, it's great.  Wait a few moments before putting the moisturizing lotion on otherwise you have a white creamy mess on your face, when the serum isn't quite dry and you put the moisturizer on right away...you get a mess.  The face mask, was, nothing impressive.  It comes in a little jar, you scoop it out and put it on, wait ten minutes, then rinse off.  The mask never tightened, or made my face feel any different.  So the mask, didn't do a thing for me.  I really like the cleanser and the serum.  It didn't do much for a real blemish, but cystic acne is awful, and it cleared that up in days.
4399	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff does a great job removing makeup and, amazingly, it has absolutely no smell.  That was shocking. It leaves a bit of an oily residue, but that adds a little moisture to the face so is not a bad thing.  There are two layers that need to be mixed before using. The upper blue layer is the oily part (thus the reason it floats up top) and needs to be mixed with the clear bottom layer.  A vigorous shake will get the mix right.
2218	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for skin
1270	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife loved it for the thick effect it had on her thinning hair, and I just ordered another bigger size for her!!
9	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best hand cream ever.
5279	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I love all coola products. This however had the consistency of the correct product but felt like it had sand in it.... it felt like an exfoliating scrub. I tried to use it as long as I could but my face was raw after a few days. I will continue to buy my coola products directly from birchbox as to avoid wasting money.
Yesterday I was out for a walk qith my partner of 30 years and a friend.  While I was walking in front of them my partner said "What did you do to your hair?"  I cringed.  I thought that he had noticed that I had put something on it and it showed.  I aksed him what he meant.  He said that my bald spot was gone.  He then got right up on top of me and looked at my hair.  He could not tell what I had done, but my bald spot was gone.  My friend touched it and said that it was soft.  If I could fool them I could fool anyone.  Even looking for it they couldn't tell.
5304	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I love PCA products and have mild rosacea that worsens at times with redness on my cheeks and red bumps. I wanted this serum to work - but I used the entire bottle and saw no difference - and sometimes the serum stung a bit going on. I believe in giving all products - no matter what they are - 90 days to assess. So, I"m on my second bottle - and will determine if it's worth repurchasing. But I think my best bet is to invest in laser therapy for the redness - and no serum or cream has worked for me. The thing I do like about it - is that it gives some moisturization to my dry skin.
3215	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great company and prods
8821	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My face is way too sensitive - it loves to make my life miserable with its "acne parties". Most  cleansers (esp foaming) dry me out and lead to more acne. This smells so fresh and is fairly gentle (for me). Cleans my oily skin well, mildly chemically exfoliating. Once in a while I'll just leave it on my face for 20 min before rinsing. For the first time in years my skin is clear and glowing - thanks to this product as well as others from MB. I like the toners, rose oil, rose spray. Don't like the MB stuff specifically formulated for acne (not just MB I think all acne products are too aggravating). Would rather use essentials oils for that (lavender oil kicks my cystic hormonal pimples butts!)
The other day I had rubber gloves on for a few hours as I worked on an art project. I had just done my nails the day before. Wearing the rubber gloves did the opposite that they are intended to do. Holding the moisture in on my hands for that long caused my polish to being to chip and lift as soon as I removed the gloves. Lesson learned. Too  much of a good thing can be bad!
822	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my husband - he never wears sun protection and living in FL and being a sun loverI thought it was time he started using it. He complains about all other face moisturizer except this one, it is a keeper.  UPDATE: he has officially asked me to order him another bottle..and didn't even ask about the price (which is a first).
Now onto the cost of the Art of Shaving oil.  It is costly and there are cheaper oils out there.  However none of the cheaper brands smell as nice as the Art of Shaving and for that alone it is worth the price.  The one detractor to using the oil is that you will go thru your normal razor blades in half the time, so if you hate buying blades the shave oil may not be for you.
Lavendula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract
8915	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for about 2 years and find it so nourishing yet light. I have somewhat sensitive skin and the Elemis products are very pure. The aroma is also very light and soothing!
2422	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've used the Billy Jealousy "Shaved Ice After Shave Balm" a few times so far. It's a clear gel that feels great. The name couldn't be more appropriate because it really does cool your skin down. It doesn't contain menthol (which for me is a plus) so I have no clue how they get the cooling effect.

Get the scenty spray too!
1102	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice setting powder.  It is often difficult to match your skin tone online, but I feel I came pretty close on this one.  Not sure it will work for me in the winter, but it will be a good match for me during the summer when my skin tone is a little darker.
Cons:

My teenage daughter has tried several micellar cleansers, lately, and this was one of them. So far, they all seem to be pretty much the same in terms of effectiveness, which leads me to believe there is little difference in these products aside from the cost. So, as you shop around, you're probably fine in choosing a cheaper option than this particular product. This is a great product, mind you, but the price is definitely higher than some of the other options that are available. I still give it four stars, though, because it has been a very effective product.
8423	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great collagen builder mask for the face ..I have notice that my face looks a lot plumper and the skin looks even more healthier..
3475	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love the color


9392	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like all OPI, this has a great formula and goes on smoothly in two coats. I purchased this color because I didn't think I had anything this shade, when I went through my stash, it was a dupe for Gargantuan Green Grape. It is the most lovely shade of green though and will certainly be worn near St. Patty's Day.
3227	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As it's designed for rough-skinned feet, this cream is far richer than Ahava mineral hand cream, and so one needs less of it for one's hands. I love this luxurious cream. Try some.
7735	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
4554	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These pads are just the right size.  They're large enough to clean my entire face and neck.  It's great for oily skin and leaves a nice fresh scent.
3204	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Glad I can get this from AMAZON!
This serum takes out the redness, yes, but also works to heal/dry up the blemishes. It really did work, y&aacute;ll.
Results you should see in 4-6 weeks:
2873	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is extremely damaged due a horrible hair color extraction. This is my second bottle of this product, it lasted me around 3 months. I have very thick long latino hair.
8372	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say, since it is just a face wash. I can't blame it solely for my face clearing up resently. However, I am using an acne medicine that has over dried my face, and this has been a real life saver! It doesn't dry out my skin more, and leaves my face feeling refreshed and clean.
4799	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very classic shampoo which does a good job cleaning your hair. It does leave a shine. It smells really good.  It is worth the extra money.
1160	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love PCA
But my skin is more sensitive, almost like it is sore. When I apply it ( once a day) it burns a little bit I will keep the treatment. Happy with it overall.
7920	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I want to give an honest assessment because I know how hair loss affects each of us. I've been losing my hair since I was 20 and have done everything under the sun to fight it off. I've reached a point in my life, after some surgeries, where I've got about 30-40 percent density over the entire top of my head and a little less in the back. I have run out of donor hair and was stuck with either having to wear a hair system or use a masking product. When I first started using this I was prepared to give it a lower rating. It didn't seem to apply evenly and ran very easily with a little sweat or water. After applying it a dozen times it got easier and was more effective so don't necessarily give up after the first couple of tries.
7922	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	awesome a must for thinning hair, just sprinkle on the area and take fingers and jiggle hair a little and style as usual...it is AMAZING...THIS is a very light blond...they also make a med blond that is great on light blond hair that may cover better...don't use too much bec it can make scalp itchy but you really don't need a lot...
6639	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best curling iron I've ever owned!  Heats quickly, curls smoothly...helps prevent the harsh lines that appear when using drug-store quality tools.  I have longer than shoulder-length hair...this helps create curls that are formed well & loosen gently throughout the day.  HIGHLY recommended!
6316	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Mario Badescu is my favorite skin care brand by far. this product works well, but it is very thick, consistency like butter. i just add a little water to it when i use it and then it works just fine.
Chi gives my hair a professionally styled look and feel even when I am using at home.
108	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best colors in a long time.
8039	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I went through a major hair shed a couple of years ago, which was when I got my first Toppik Fibers. This product has helped preserve my vanity by hiding my widening part and other thin spots on my head. Toppik blends in so nicely and stays put until your next wash. I don't use the spray nozzle attachment, I just sprinkle it on and pat it out to blend in, as they demonstrate in the video on Toppik's website.
Juice Beauty presents itself, on its website, as creating skin care products without chemicals that are viewed as increasing risk for cancer, endocrine disruption and other deleterious effects. The Green Apple Peel is certified organic. This is undoubtedly positive, particularly for women who may be exposed to health risks through cosmetics and other personal care products.
As for the fragrance, it is very definitely a layered concoction, with the first hit being citrus. The pungency quickly settles and softens, revealing a delicious aroma which I personally believe is not specific to men.  I find myself repeatedly sniffing the area on my arm where I applied the alcohol based scent.  If you have an aversion to alcohol based deodorants, I suggest avoiding this one, but if that's not an issue for you, the consistency of this stick is lovely and the opaque appearance is very attractive, too.



7795	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This facial cleanser is mild and foams up nicely. The scent is different but very pleasant and I haven't experienced any drying. My skin has a nice feel after using it. I cant tell for sure but it might also be making my skin look clearer as well. The price is somewhat prohibitive but a little does go a long way.

2564	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have only been using this product and have no qualms with there. Put it on after washing you hair and wait.  The effects eventually, after some time begin begun to show shin.  Will update with shine notes with you after
8965	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with Hot Tools!
8400	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a huge Mario Badescu fan and this cream doesn't disappoint. I have normal to dry skin. My skin still feels nice and moisturize in the morning when I wake up.
1302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product clings to the hair fibers much better than most others that sit on your scalp. Plus the value is pretty much as good as it gets for a keratin fiber. I use it in conjunction with Toppik, but it works fine by itself as well.


2541	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great aftershave, soothes razor burn and smells nice and herbal.
7642	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite line of sun protection. I won't use anything else! It smells fantastic and feels awesome. It's simply the best.
PROS

2. Really pleasing texture. Light grit, just enough to scrub, and a great foaming quality -- not enough to be soapy, just enough to really clean your mouth.
8134	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've bought this several times, I'm #1 la Roche buyer because is the best out of all treatments I've used! Buy it with confidence
7855	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	See above
8325	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I bought three different colors of this dreamy looking nail polish and used them as stocking stuffers (including my own!)  The sheen is lovely, but the polish chips easily, and can't be worn without a topcoat, as even two coats won't stand up to normal wear and tear for even a day.


2767	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Chi hair products
It helps to apply a fine hairspray to keep Toppik topic in place, but I rarely need to do this. If I do, I use a Tresemme extra fine mist spray. The scent is mild and doesn't leave you with Old Lady Aquanet smelling helmet hair. You can use any hairspray you like - Consort, American Crew, etc.
4. Doesn't seem to strip my skin, but leaves it feeling clean
I like the multi use all in one ability.

**Updated--THIS version has no SPF protection, but they do offer this moisturizer with SPF as well, both versions are wonderful.

6944	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Although expensive, M + G menthol shave cream will help you to a damned fine shave. Icy cool and minty. The best menthol shave cream anywhere is Noxzema Menthol in the light blue can, but Proctor & Gamble has made this "flavor" unavailable to the US market since 1997/98. It's only available now to the United Kingdom market and the Italian market.
9000	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The only curling iron for short hair
8777	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it

708	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this is a must if you plan to use the Toppik powder. It really helps it bond to your hair better.  I suggest to spray it on immediately after you apply it directly on the location rather than as a general hair spray.
6849	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I dot this on the little rosacea lumps I get a lot and leave it on overnight. It's pretty silly looking and it does rub off on my (black) sheets, though it doesn't seem to stain. It generally deflates the lumps over a night or two. Between this and the other 403572349473 things I put on my face, I finally feel like my skin is almost mine again.
3425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Brilliant color and beautiful results with two coats of color.
6941	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely love this lip balm! I had a same come from either Birchbox or Ipsy - I cannot remember but I fell in love with the feeling. You can always count on Amazon for items as I bought two tubes from here!!

4470	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Washing my face at the end of the day is the last thing I really want to be doing so I love anything that can make that as shorter, easier experience. This is a wonderful 3 in 1 product, you just apply to your face with your fingers and then wipe off with a cotton pad (or you can rinse with water. Then you're done! It leaves my face feeling smooth and refreshed. I'm happy!
6045	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this cleanser. It doesn't lather but cleanses well. I have combo skin, so my t zone breaks out. With this cleanser, my face feels smoother and less dry, w/o it making my t zone greasy. It removes makeup well and can also double as makeup remover and be wiped away. I've been using for weeks and my bottle is only a quarter empty. Great value for such an extraordinary product.
Application wise, it's consistent with the great user experience I've come to expect from Zoya.  It is easy to apply evenly and doesn't go on streaky.  It is worth noting this polish is a little more on the sheer side so it seems to need a full 3 coats to be opaque, but I like the slightly sheer look you get with 2 coats.  Given this is a more neutral, soft polish I think the slightly more sheer look works really well with this.
6158	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great face sunscreen for most skin types.  I like the easy-to-dispense mini sprout, so it is very compact for anyone on the go.  The scent is very subtle and not intrusive.  Your face instantly gets moisturized as it gets protection from harmful UV rays and yet it does not feel greasy nor weighs you down. I'm pretty sure that men can use this product as well as sun does not discriminate. If you use a small dab amounts, it should last you for some time.  However, be sure to check under the bottle for the expiration date, as mine had about a 6-month date until expiration.
Also, in terms of the color - go to your local Sephora or other makeup store before you order it.  I randomly got assigned to the Golden Beige and it was just slightly too yellow for my undertone.
Most likely because I don't like the scent of lavender and myrrh those mid-level scents stand out to me in this cologne; though as you wear it more of the musk, patchouli and sandalwood notes come out.
Thank you for your reviews.

I used this item maybe 6 times during a 3 week period. I followed the directions closely, and used it on a few acne spots on my face. Out of the few, only one whitehead disappeared within a few days. I don't know if it's because of this item, or the fact that I for once didn't pick at my skin and left it alone, or that I used a Clarisonic brush on my face daily. But since the other acne spots didn't disappear either, I contribute it to the fact that I didn't mess with my face and tried very hard to keep my face clean and moisturized.
4725	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just got it and really like it so far.
My dermatologist told me it should be use only once or twice a week .
9646	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect in every way.  Perfect color and love the tingly feel.

2497	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does a fantastic job at lining the inner rim to make eyes seem bigger and more awake.  Lasts long considering the inner rim is always prone to fade.

292	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You cannot go wrong with OPI polishes.
5359	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Did nothing for me. I have curly frizzy hair.  No help from this product.
8901	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product
6062	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect Mask!
3972	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lately, I have been using many Vichy products.  This brand is manufactured by Loreal.  They are known to use Vichy spring water (from France) in their cosmetic products.  This time, I decided to go for setting powder (make up line of products rather than skin care which I used in the past).  My skin is combination oily.  Mid-day I start noticing my skin getting oily and shiny.  Often times, I must use oil absorbing paper or foundation powder if I want to keep my skin from shining.  Since I tied many Vichy products already, I wanted to see if this product will help with oil control and if product will provide good coverage for the entire day.  Another important factor for the product is not to keep my skin too dry so it does not "crack" during cold winter weather in Chicago (where I live).

Can't think of any
2440	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	BaBylissPRO has a lot of blowing power. I love it! I use it to dry my hair & my body. It outperforms my old dryer Conair Babinkw5548 White Babyliss Pro Ionic Hair Dryer 2000w, and that dryer now seems like a gentle breeze compared to this powerhouse.
6668	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has been the best and most economical Curling Iron I have every used. I have medium thick brown hair, that waves past my bra line. In the past I thought it didn't hold curl, but with this iron my curls hold for hours. It also curls fast, you don't need to leave it on the same spot for long. I did a "ten second per curl" emergency fast curl the other day--and they held remarkably well. In that case, they didn't stay in beautiful ringlets obviously. But the waves they fell out into were wonderful and looked beautiful. I always finish with a light mist of hairspray, but the curling iron does its job on its own! :)
3383	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome.  Love this product.  Polishes off my at-home manicure.
8146	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product- can add moisture to your skin without adding product. I was impressed.
I will continue to use this product.
9590	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another great product and is what I expected!
9160	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	it is good treatment for ance

8924	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't get enough of this amazing spray. I can't believe how soft it leaves my skin and the compliments I get on how lovely I smell Not to mention my glowing skin

1691	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	New Favorite color!  A gorgeous charcoal color-I get comments on it every time I wear it!
2969	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Keeps my skin clear. In the winter I cannot use it without following up with moisturizer but that could also be my sensitive skin type.
5274	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Quick to ship, the item was received as described. Love this product! Will buy from again in the future. Thank you for a smooth transaction.
Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.




What I really like about these pomades is the natural look and feel they leave and the ease that they wash out.
2570	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best face buff out there.



1037	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a pretty good setting powder.  It comes in a generous sized compact, and includes a puff to apply.  I don't use the application puff, as I find my existing makeup wears off on it.  I use a large, fluffy powder brush instead.  The color I have is translucent, but I find that it is more white than truly translucent.  When I brush it on it leaves a definite white cast on my face, and I'm pretty pale.  The directions for this powder say to use it for baking- basically, put quite a bit on, leave it for a few minutes, and then brush off.  I really want my powder to be able to perform for regular wear too.  I like a thin layer brushed on top to finish the look.  For this reason, while this is nice enough powder, I would not go out of my way to repurchase, as I would look for something with less white cast.
i also let my friend with wavy hair borrow it after she got done blow-drying her clean hair, which was way fly-away...one teeny bit got her hair picture perfect and shiny and glamorous for her date...with NO other products.
4734	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of the few Jack Black products I would recommend to someone. Wish it was a Shampoo and Conditioner combo though. Definitely use a conditioner after using this.
  In the future, I will definitely be purchasing this lip balm from Baxter of California.  In fact, I would love to try more of their products such as their deodorant (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Baxter-of-California-Deodorant-Citrus-and-Herbal-Musk/dp/B007XTWFZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Baxter of California Deodorant, Citrus and Herbal-Musk</a>), daily face wash (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Baxter-of-California-Daily-Face-Wash-10-fl-oz/dp/B000972KTS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Baxter of California Daily Face Wash, 10 fl. oz.</a>) and hand and body moisturizer (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Baxter-of-California-Hand-and-Body-Moisturizer-10-fl-oz/dp/B008SB0UO4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Baxter of California Hand and Body Moisturizer, 10 fl. oz.</a>).  All these luxurious hygiene products appear to be gender friendly.  They would make practical stocking stuffers for the upcoming holiday season.
This product is a light peachy pink in color.  It comes in a flip top bottle which is soft, so easy to squeeze out.  The label on it is a bit of a problem as it is supposed to be peeled away in two levels to read the inside for instructions.  The label was very hard to get apart, and ended up having the clear coating peel away instead, which means that the label now will not go back into place.  This is very annoying.
8888	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love to use at night.
7577	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	AAA+++
8337	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lightweight and goes on smooth. Makes my dark under eyes look refreshed and the skin appears smoother. Love it!

3459	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for sunset nail designs!

2556	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am an oil junkie. I love face oils, hair oils, and body oils. Typically I tend to go for single 100% oils, but Nuxe is my favorite good for everything oil. It's not greasy, and it's so luxurious.
6821	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just received my set of 3 products. I opened the box and there was spillage in the box because one of the lids came off.
8540	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great cleanser
Haven't used it very often yet, so can't say much about long term benefits. I'm hopeful. Seems there would have to be at least some to justify the $20 price for 4 ounces - not expensive but more than the usual drug store mass market stuff. This product is made for men.
I've had this on for four hours already and no redness shining through.  It's easy to apply--the consistency of school glue and the color of split pea soup.  No smell and it washed off my makeup brush instantly.
4413	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product works great for after a deep facial peel.
IF you have dry skin like I do or if you are unsure which product to use, let me suggest this product for 'Sensitive Skin'.  You may not think you have sensitive skin but if some products make your face breakout, it's because they are messing with your skin's PH.  Or at least that's what my doctor tells me.
4018	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE LOVE LOVE micellar waters and this is one of my favorite! It removes my makeup completely! It's very effective and gentle for my skin. It doesn't make my skin feel dry after using it and it's just so fast and easy. I wouldn't recommend using this instead of your cleanser but I love it as a first step! Definitely recommend
7256	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Every time I order this product it perfect.  Fast delivery. Will continue to order.
Overall, this is a fantastic finishing powder that keeps makeup in place while lending a smoothing, brightening effect to my face. Definitely recommended.
6455	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this as a hydrater for my sometimes oily skin! It is lightweight, non greasy and feels amazing when I use it. I love anything herbal and the scent of this product is quite lovely.  I also love that it can be used both day and night.


Side note: I find Jack Black products to be extremely overpriced when they all seem to be mediocre products
9501	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is a nice eye cream made with organic ingredients. A decent price for a perfectly moisturizing, yet not greasy eye cream.

Im not a man, but I do have dry skin, which becomes even more so during the winter months.  I tried it and after five days Ive found my skin to be well moisturized.  I have not seen any indication that it exfoliates my skin.  No dead skin cells on my face.  No stinging after several nights use.  Just moisturizing.  What I do like is that it did not make my face break out.  Heavy creams, especially those with oil, will cause my face to break out after four or five nights.  But, this did not.
1914	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Such a pretty pink with a light purple iridescent tint. I like it because it is sparkly yet subtle. And I can wear it for weeks and just paint over it for an easy touch up.
Of all of the MB products that I have tried this my favorite acne treatment solution--I believe anyone who has acne prone sensitive skin would find it extremely beneficial.  The best way to apply it is to use a clean q-tip and dip it through the clear solution and down into the pink powder at the bottom.  It is the combination of these two ingredients that will help to clear breakouts.  This is a highly recommended product and it definitely is a worthwhile investment and lasts a long time for the price you pay--usually a bottle lasts me at least 6 months!


Would I buy this product? No.  And it is not just because of the price, but because it contains parabens that are harmful to some people.  I would also not recommend this product to my clients for the exact same reasons.
4845	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried a handful of lower end spray dry shampoos. I haven't gotten a chance to try the more expensive kind, but I don't know if I want to when I have this powder.  At first it wasn't what I expected. A blonde friend recommended it to me and upon first use, I was convinced it wasn't intended for dark hair. No, it's great, but there's a learning curve.
4534	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This is a men's mask.  And my husband was not impressed.  I thought that it might be nice for him since he works outside and his handsome face takes such a beating.  He did use another product of mine that doesn't dry on the face.it was more of a cream mask.  This mask is nothing special, even when we glopped a lot on it was still a thin layer.  We avoided his beard and stache. He was not a fan of the smell and initially wanted to take it off right away.  He said it smelled like the talcum powder in his grandma's bathroom.  After waiting for the mask to dry we washed it off and it took several rinses and a washcloth to really get it off.  His skin was softer.  But he said it didn't like the feeling, his skin felt dry.  All and all he was not impressed.  He thought the idea of a men's face care line was great, but ultimately the product was not for him.
As far as moisturizing goes, both sides look about the same: no dry flaky patches around my nose, skin soft, no oily feel or shiny residue.  The Vichy cream doesn't smell as sweet as the Neutrogena cream but it has thick texture that melts right into your  skin.  As for skin texture, wrinkles appear a little less pronounced on the right (luxe brand) side but pores appear smaller on the Vichy side.  I  also noticed that the cheek on the left side was a little less red and blotchy than the cheek on the right.
1538	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works great with my natural polishes like zoya, karma etc. I used karma top coat before . this one is less expensive and a lot more shiny. it dries faster also. I am very happy with it.  if you haven't tried zoya polishes-give em a go, they are amazing. I recommend googling swatches/pics of the color you want before buying.
I once went into a local store to return an unused cologne and the lady behind the counter was just rude. She was more interested in her teacup poodle getting its lunch then dealing with me. She even refused to return the item for some weird reason I can't remember. I contacted corporate and they sent me a bottle of the cologne I wanted. Good to know customer service takes care of the customer.
negative reviews made the same mistake. How can you expect to reverse sun damage if you continue to expose your skin to UV?
7951	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only buy this on Amazon. Greta price!
371	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great full coverage makeup. It only takes a little bit to completely cover any imperfections I have on my skin. It goes on smoothly with a little paddle that's included and then I finish blending with my clean fingertip. Usually one application is enough for the day. The color is great for my skin and it matches my other foundation products well. It washes off well when I clean my face at night. Although this is a one ounce container, it has been lasting me a long time. I'm really pleased with it.

Since I am worried about this being too drying, especially as winter approaches, I will probably save this for nighttime use since it does an excellent job at removing makeup, and use something a bit less drying in the mornings.
2358	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm not a big lip treatment person, but lately I've had horribly chapped lips so I needed something rich to heal and protect them. This fits the bill perfectly. It's on par with the texture and feel of the rosebud lip salve I typically use, maybe a bit more shiny and sticky. Very light fragrance/taste, not overly pleasing but it's not horrible. I'd prefer maybe a hint of peppermint oil for a fresh feel. This was very conditioning and hydrating. My lips are back to normal. Nice stuff!
4193	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Terrific!
Anyway, PCA Skin is an awesome line.  It does not disappoint. It is gentle yet effective. No greasiness or icky perfumes.
331	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have light skin with some imperfections. As I age, I find that my skin tone is uneven, and I have capillaries that are visible as well as some dark spots on my face. I wasn't quite sure how this product would work for me.
9852	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Enjoying this rich, gentle cream very much. I use it as a night cream with their Skin Recovery Cream as a day cream. I'm not wild about the jar design, makes it hard to scoop it out, but the product is excellent so that won't deter me buying it again. It's thick but absorbs completely and quickly. No stinging, etc. I'm sold.
I like the Baxter line. My wife has picked me up a few things from it from time to time. But I never get around to reordering it. I'm sticking with it. Folks at work have told me that my skin looks better, didn't know I had an issue, LOL.
Overall, I do like the foundation and I will keep using it. No hypersensitvity reaction nor increase in blemishes noted.
4728	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A small bottle, but a little goes a long way and I feel like my hair has been growing fast and thicker since using this product.
3211	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used lash primer before, but never saw the point. I've been using the BLINC mascara for over three years now and decided to give the primer a try after reading the reviews. What a difference! It makes my lashes look thicker without looking clumped, as long as I do not over do it on the primer application. My BLINC mascara actually stays on for 24 hrs without flaking. Amazing.
4835	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I hate the messy spray dry shampoos.  I've tried about 6 different ones, high end and drugstore, and all of them have left a disturbing grayish cast in my dark blond hair.  But this dry shampoo is a sprinkle in powder that works incredibly well. I use the tiniest amount of this powder and it soaks up oil really well but it does take a few minutes to work.  At first the scent is strong but it soon disappears so if you're fragrance sensitive, you'll definitely be able to use Pronto.  It makes my hair look and feel much cleaner and it doesn't give me that flat matte finish like so many dry shampoos.  The small size is deceiving because it takes very little powder to do the job and I'll bet there's not much actual powder in the sprays and that all the room in the can is taken up by nasty propellant.  So this product is not expensive to use at all.  I've had the 1 ounce size for several months, even though I use it a couple of times a week.  It also comes in a larger size, which is more economical.  I know that Ulta carries Pronto and if you buy it there, you can return it if you don't like it.  However, I'm willing to bet that you'll like it as much as I do.  I definitely prefer the sprinkle in powder form over the sprays.  Today, for example, I used Pronto and after 20 minutes there was no residue left.  I just worked it in like regular shampoo and POOF!, 20 minutes later it had disappeared.  I had some nice volume and my hair still had shine.  I really like everything about this product and will keep it stocked from now on.  It's by far the best dry shampoo I've tried and I see no need to keep looking.  If you want cleaner looking hair without having to shampoo, I suggest you try this product.  I definitely recommend it.
660	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Had such good luck with the Apres Peel balm I tried this.  Only use it when I have a troublesome zit.  Usually does the trick in a day or two.
2470	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's been working great so far :) It's not a crazy heavy mositurizer so it doesn't interfere much with my make up

9713	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife has been using NIA 24 for a few weeks now and she is very satisfied with the results.  She has oily skin, large pores and has issues with skin firmness.  This product leaves her skin looking less oily and firmer.  It seems to be fading a few of her dark spots and has improved the texture of her skin. She is hoping that results will be even more pronounced as she uses the product longer.  It has also improved the tautness of her neck and reduced fine lines on her face and neck.  She has used many products in diverse price ranges and this product is excellent even at this price point.
The best mask ever I use it for years and I'm still very happy with the results .

6709	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It was the size I needed, heats up fast and gives long hair full wavy curls. Good value for the price. My naturally straight hair does not hold the curl for very long but this tool does what is expected and is easy to use. I also like that it is gold in color!
3744	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I bought this sunscreen for vacation.  It wear well under makeup and is easy to apply.  I feel the protection was adequate for my needs.
9436	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nothing really special here. Good cleanser. The steel/aluminum bottle makes it hard to dispense, so I use a small travel squeeze bottle to make it easier.
really nice color and real Opi product too
I just ordered my second bottle.

9027	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this BaBylissPro!! I can do my hair in 20 mins or less and it's wonderful!! I have long hair, it's not thick but it's not thin either and it's wave/curly but this thing makes my hair last a LONG time straight!! Plus I've used it on my daughter, who has "curly sue" curly hair and it also lasts!! I'm so surprised by that!! Usually by a few hours her hair starts to wave out but not when I use this, so I'm really happy with this purchase
1676	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color for summer or any time of year! I am very happy with purchase, I highly recommend the zoya brand because it wears well, Dillon and Thea  are both beautiful shades in this line!
7254	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My go-to for coverage for rosacea.
9903	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	love pca products
8805	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the entire Mario Badescu line -- I have used the buffering serum for awhile but find it dries out my sensitive skin. Enter the herbal hydrating serum -- this serum is more of a gel wheras the buffering is liquid. This feels nice when you apply it and appears to sink in quickly. I have always had good success with Mario Badescu products so I feel safe saying it is a well trusted brand!
I am wearing this on my toes right now.  I've had it on for a few days and it still looks wonderful.  (Granted, my toenail polish usually lasts a long time.)  It went on smoothly and wasn't drippy.  The brush is a bit narrow but that really helps with edges and smaller toes.  This was opaque in two coats and it dried quickly.  I put it on over a base coat (blues and greens sometimes stain my nails) and finished with Seche Vite fast dry topcoat.  It has a lovely shine when dry.
8877	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I used to use different rose water spray but decided to try this one based on the high reviews. It feels nice going on but I don't think it does anything. It feels particularly nice on sunburnt skin. I can't imagine using it to set my makeup as other reviewers state they do. It would just cause my makeup to run off my face.


1785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My new favorite color; this coral is a little sparkly, but without the excessive glitter.
6302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good shampoo. I enjoy this brand a lot. They do not test on animals. Always nice quality product as well. I have curly hair. Gentle on it.
273	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love OPI.
Not only can I spot- apply this creamier-liquidy product to cover the face and problem areas with my fingers, I can also use a sponge blender for a more airbrushed look, then applying more product wherever as needed. I also can add a finishing touch of the Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray for a fresh stay; with or without powders. Win-Win-Win.

9916	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.
3586	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	nice
2405	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Item is as described and arrived promptly.
8784	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After two weeks I started seeing the fine lines around my hair line disappear. So far so good
- Cost is higher than I like to pay
I decided to try this because it is Eau de Toilette, which is usually lighter than Eau de Parfum, so I thought I'd give it a shot. I'm glad I did.

-it makes you hair look fuller
3778	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You don't need much of this for your skin to feel moisturized and fresh. Not greasy feeling at all. I used it daily on my face after my shower. As with most of the Mario Badescu products I use, this is a winner. Will definitely keep using.
8997	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I purchased the 5/8" curling iron. Been using this product by this company for more years than I can count.  It has to be replaced periodically because the tension is lost between the barrel and other piece.  Does not curl well when they don't have any tension.
815	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff.  Best adult lip balm ever
1031	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-RRAWGNQ63QA0Y" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1RqvZjIFWS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91hwWYffTgS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">Great little gift set. It has all the necessities in one sweet package. I have added a box-opening video review.
1532	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	See the pictures of how yellow my nails still look? I used this product AND the pink perfector!! The tips of my nails are still yellow! I was pretty excited about this product because since I am a nail polish addict, I was hoping this item would get rid of discoloration but it didn't. Oh and I also used the satin seal on top. I see no change in my nails and will never purchase any of the Zoya Naked Nail line again! 
Please note: Items like nail polish cannot be shipped by air.  So even if you have Prime, it may take a few extra days to get to you, and be shipped in a separate package.  Please plan your purchase accordingly.
There has been more exposure with LOreal in my experience than I can mention here, including most recently, a lovely reddish-brown shade of eyeshadow that stays put, a super-mascara, another lip paint, some face-tone enhancers, and a creamy-to-dry, light-colored eye light, among others.

4261	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This tanner kind of has a greenish tint. However, Once it dries and sinks in, it dries tan. The smell is not bad. I wish it lasted longer. Seems to only last a day or to after showering, even when leaving it on for 8+ hrs. I will try the darker tanner St Tropez makes.
2211	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using these daily for about 2 weeks. I've used retinal products for several years so my skin can handle the 20%. I'm 65 & my skin is soft & it minimizes poor's. I still get break outs & these seem to be slowly releasing small plugs on my T-zone.
5827	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Only facial SPF I use. This stuff works great and was recommended to me years ago after receiving a facial. Fast shipping and perfectly described by seller.
Let proraso sit on your wet face for at least 2 minutes to soften the hairs
7599	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nectifirm smooths the skin on the neck and chest  It helps to reduce the horizontal lines and bumpy skin which comes with sun damage and aging.  It's a much more effective than the more expensive creams from the department stores.
8246	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Wears off and chips easily - lasts about 2 days.
1. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL COVER CRME WITH TITANIUM DIOXIDE SUNSCREEN (30SPF):
2355	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As a lip conditioner, this product is amazing. Just one day of use and my lips were as soft and supple as baby skin. It looks and has the consistency of lip gloss (not quite clear, but with a slight opaqueness) but not as sticky.

400	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife is a die hard makeup fan,  so when I mentioned Dermablend to her, she knew right away what is was. She is a natural/buff beige, but during the summer months, she buys different shades of cover up to match her skin after she tans, she does not like the white face and brown chest look,  she said it provides great coverage, a little goes a long way, does not need to be caked on and leaves her face looking great. Issue she ran into was colors on our computer screen did not match the colors received, probably due to our display, we checked out the same color on a few different screens, and the shades looked different on all 3.
1440	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Got this for my parents and they absolutely love it. It's the best lotion they've ever used.
3781	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this. Good feel and foams nicely.
I think Art of Shaving gets a lot of things right with their shaving creams. First they do a very good job with the smell. I have used this scent, sandalwood and the unscented version. I like the sandalwood scent the best, but the lavender is nice for my sensitive skin. I will tell you this, it is not a very masculine scent. So if you don't want to be smelling lavender for the first few hours of your day, then don't use this product. However if you do like the smell of lavender than Art of Shaving nails the scent, as they do with all their creams. Second, I like that Art of Shaving makes an aftershave balm and pre-shave oil with the same scent. However, if you think the shaving cream is over priced, you will certainly think so with the shave oil and the aftershave balm. In my opinion both those products are only average and I am someone who always uses pre-shave oil and an aftershave balm.
edit:2/11/2015
2398	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This has a warm, woodsy scent that would be great on a cool evening. I really liked it. But after spraying it on my wrist, I sneezed violently more than 20 times, which is totally uncommon, so I wonder if it was the parfum? But that's just me. If it happens again. I will update this review, but I do like the scent.
MY GRIPE
8502	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this lotion as a moisturizer - it's very creamy and rubs in easily and definitely makes my skin feel moisturized. However, it also has a stronger scent of sunscreen than other SPF 15 moisturizers I've used, and the thickness is more consistent with sunscreen (though it does go on fairly smooth and without too much residue). I reserve this moisturizer for if I know I'm actually going to be walking around in the sun (rather than just a normal day where I want to put on some moisturizer that happens to also have SPF15 in it, like some of the other brands I use). As a very white person, I usually use moisturizer with some amount of SPF but I prefer that it not smell so much like sunscreen so I can continue to fool myself into thinking I'm just putting on lotion...
I purchased Zoya Nail Polish after perusing their large color selection. Their colors really are great - beautiful pigmentation, wide variety of colors, unique colors, etc.
I've had trouble with talc before so only use this on days when I know I will be really sweating.for fear I will have a reaction.  It does give your face an even whitening look- think geisha girl but not as white.  Because I have a natural olive complexion so it make me look a little strange.and washed out.  Which I had mixed feeling about in the summer.  However, it did keep my makeup from running too much.  Since I actually run on the drier side with my skin a little went a long way with this but people with an oily complexion will probably like it more and use more of it.  The compact is very densely pack so it will last a long time.
This is a five-free polish (as are all Zoya polishes).  Although my bottle was kind of old, this went on smoothly and wasn't sticky or goopy.  This had some of the best performance of a Zoya polish I've used, actually (and I have quite a few of them).  Definitely recommended if you like the color.
- This lip enhancer leaves lip feeling soft and moist with a nice, natural sheen.  It has an excellent conditioning quality to it.
3249	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a new foundation that wouldn't break out my oily acne-prone skin. I like the texture of this foundation. It goes on smoothly, and has very good coverage without feeling heavy. I applied with my hands, and then set with a powder foundation.
First of all, Toppik won't cover a completely bald head. You have to have some hair already for it to look even slightly natural. I hold the bottle about 2 inches off my head and tap the side of the bottle and move it around to try and apply it evenly. You should use bright lighting when you apply it and use a hand mirror so you can check the top of your head a few times as you're applying it. It makes your hair look very powdery at first so I lightly rub the top of my hair to get some of it to fall down into the scalp. Then, and this is very important, you have to use a good shiny hair spray. I put 2-3 applications on to counteract the dull look from the Toppik powder. The more hair you already have the easier this process is, and the more natural it will look. Don't go swimming with it or stand out in a heavy rain shower for very long, or it will clump and/or run at some point as the hair spray wears off. I would encourage you to do at least 3-4 trial runs before going into public, and order a couple different colors to try. Also, I sometimes use DermMatch (scalp concealer) as a first step to apply a base coat since it is even more water proof and is less expensive. Then the Toppik on top of it provides more texture. I use a lot of Toppik on each application. A medium size bottle of it lasts me about 5-6 weeks applying it almost every day.

4475	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have somewhat sensitive skin that is prone to breakouts and drying if I use the wrong products. I picked this cleanser up after reading the positive reviews. I use it for daily cleansing and so far it is a great product for me. It cleanses well, does not leave behind any oily residue, is lightly scented and leaves my skin feeling tightened but in no way irritated. Since I only wear very light make up occasionally, I have asked my daughter to try it for a week and let me know her thoughts. I will update this review with her input.
8527	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use many Mario Badescu skin care products.  They are not too harsh, feel great on my skin, and the price point is excellent.  Since I am always in the market for a moisturizer with SPF that I can wear under my usual makeup, I was eager to give this one a try.  First of all, there is no harsh scent.  The product isn't greasy at all, and it absorbs nicely.  It didn't feel at all heavy on my face, and it is definitely light enough to wear under makeup.  though the moisturizer is thick, it doesn't have a thick feel to it.  This is an excellent size bottle, also- easy to throw in a cosmetics bag!  Try using one of the oils at night, pair with the Moisture Magnet in the morning, and your skin will feel great.
If your skin is dehydrated definitely it will help to use it under good occlusive moisturizer (after cleanser and toner) that will prevent loosing hydration from epidermis.
9789	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding product. I am middle-age and experienced significant sun-damage as a young woman because I like the outdoors and didn't know how important sun protection for skin was at that time. This product has made a significant difference in the health and appearance of my skin. I was having great difficulties with sun spots, peeling, etc. and generally my skin was aging quickly. I've seen a reversal in the appearance of those symptoms and I've had people comment on how good my skin is looking these days. This isn't a vanity thing for me, it's a health and wellness concern. In any case, I strongly recommend this product!
1374	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place. Instead of boosting his confidence, Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair.


This has worked for me even in the most humid weather. Another good thing is this product is so light that after using, I can curl my normally straight hair and it WILL curl and the curls last just as if I didn't use the product and I cannot say that about any other "tamer" type product I've ever used.
The second step, lathering. If you bought this kit in-store I'm sure the helpful sales people would tell you how to use it. But, without those helpful people I turn to the packaging. Which is instruction less. So my first use, I spread it on with the brush the way I usually would... only to have it dry to a hard, cracking mask. So, I tried again adding some warm water, this made it get foamy. But, messy, since you can't exactly lather it with warm water straight out of the container.
5327	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best exfoliater I have ever tried. Use it twice a week.
Gentle -- not sure of the actual glycolic acid content as it isn't specified, but I used this daily without any redness or irritation
8547	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This would be my first feedback on Amazon. This junk does not work. It smells horrific, used it enough to see results happen. They never did. My skin got worse . Would never purchase again. Wasted my money.

I was attracted to the packaging, seeing it was Asian and knowing how superb some skin products can be from certain Asian countries, after a quick read of the ingredients and seeing nothing ominous, I added it to my cart.

8194	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great base coat and it is beautiful on it's own under a layer of top coat. Goes on well and dries quickly. It is VERY matte. I love it and use it first for french manicures, then white tips (cotton white) then top coat.
5926	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I think Butter London is the best nail polish. The colors are beautiful. It goes on well, easy, and smooth, and most times 1 coat is all you need, especially the darker colors. Well worth the money. Highest recommendations.
Take this with you on camping trips or keep it on hand
Controls Shine
1731	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Extremely light!
6143	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good product and will buy again.
5. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL INTENSE POWDERCAMO!! (NO SPF):
Good amount -- the 4 ounces will last a long time, the thick formulation means you don't have to use much
1028	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This gift set is a great price for a baby shower gift. Most moms fight cradle cap and the Foam Shampoo for Newborns is something most moms recommend for that. It gently gets rid of all those flakes! Mustela is a top baby product brand and is one of the most recommended in mom groups because it's gentle. Compared to Desitin, the Mustela Diaper Rash Cream is much thinner and doesn't stay on. I would use this cream as a preventative like A&D, but not to get rid of a diaper rash already there. The ingredients are hypoallergenic and don't bother my son.

4062	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This oil-based cleanser is amazing! It feels and looks like oil when I pump it out of the container. When I rub it into my face, it turns milky and non-oily as soon as I add some water. It really does seem to deep clean without leaving any oily film. My skin just feels clean. And it can handle waterproof and long-wearing makeup easily! Even stubborn mascara! Usually, I have to scrub that off. With this, there is a gentle rub or two, and it is gone! I really like this cleanser! It is like nothing else I have ever used! My skin feels fresh and soft afterwards. It has made a difference in my skin! And it is cost effective, because a few drops go a long way.
895	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff.  It is so cool and refreshing.  Just what I need after working out, baking or just sitting around with hot face.  Best of all, it is lightweight and portable.  I've been carrying it with me and I think it will really help with the windburn I so often end up with in the winter.
2088	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is really cute! Cute coral with shimmer on it. Originally was for me but my mother ended up taking it for herself.
Marine Creams are all the rage, and this gel-to-cream formulation, helps to moisturize my skin.  Antiaging ingredients help improve the look of my skin while helping to reduce lines. I  never miss a day without a moisturizer and this one is light enough to apply under my makeup or to wear just by itself. This is Top of The Line and Top Quality. This is both light and non-greasy. The Pro-Collagen Marine Cream is formulated with marine algae, padina pavonica, porphyridium, and ginkgo biloba.
1356	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!

8959	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Holds heat well, sturdy and economical.
5536	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  Spend 2 - 3 extra minutes in morning getting ready for work and bye bye bald spot.  Love it!!!
8254	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	People just keep giving me compliments, and I'm not going to lie...I love it.
240	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It works as expected.
The only thing that brought relief was periodic sprays of this healing water. Felt SO nice on my hot face.

- Jouer is a high-end product offered by a few select retailers common only to large market areas.  My wife felt this was a problem in that she prefers the experience of discussing potential cosmetic purchases with in-store consultants.
6855	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this product is the best I recommend it!
2555	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this oil as it does leave my skin softened after a shower without being greasy.  I don't mind the scent either; most ladies probably adore plumeria or tropical smells and this oil smells like the tropics during the summer.  It isn't a unisex smell; it is pure female.  Meow.
2877	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used this product line for 5 years. I prefer their pencil as I can get a thin line without using liquid, and the color is softer.


1175	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my naturally reddish-brown hair.
2679	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love how smooth my face is
Overall impressions:


6373	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was dealing with problematic breakouts on my back and chest that weren't responding to my normal tea tree oil body soap.  Decided to try this on the basis of a recommendation from a friend, and this has cleared things right up!  It's also very gentle and smells good.
Overall, my bother loves this set and when I asked about cons, he had none.  Myself, I do think the containers need a bit of sprucing up-- they're so simple.  However, for him, It was a perfect gift set and that isn't heard very often!

This is an EXCELLENT detangler.  I don't know if I've ever used any product that made it easier to get rid of tangles, actually.  I spray it all over wet hair and then use a detangling brush to work this through my hair.  It's SO easy to do.  (I have waist-length hair and I get a LOT of tangles.)
4468	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this product. It is super smooth. I removed my makeup and was surprised that it did not feel tight; it was as if I had already put on my moisturizer lotion. It also is not heavy feeling. I usually develop rashes from lotion as I have sensitive skin but with this product my skin feels great!
Coverage that on close inspection stand up.

Recommended. prisrob 03-02-17
3790	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Mario Badescu!
Here is what i think. No product on the planet really makes wrinkles unwrinkle. There are a lot of products out there and some disappoint me because i find out that they use animal testing in the production of the product. Not necessary. In my particular case, I am sensitive to all sorts of environmental chemicals and drugs, so I like to stay as natural as possible with all of the products that I use in my home and on my person.
8432	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This stuff makes me greasy and I break out when I use it.

Anyway, PCA Skin is an awesome line.  It does not disappoint. It is gentle yet effective. No greasiness or icky perfumes.
3544	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best...hands down
6949	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this conditioner.  It smells great and feels great on my scalp and on my hair.  Product came quickly and was well packaged with no leaking.  Would buy from this seller again.
So--the scent is really nice. I was neither crazy about it nor hated it when I first tried this, but as I've been using it the scent has grown on me to the point I can say I genuinely like it.
3335	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best I've used and the one I reorder.
6680	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good product

9454	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Just didn't care for this cream. It wasn't greasy and did not have much of a smell.  I just didn't notice much difference in the morning in softness of my skin.  I think I have better luck with the Philosophy brand.
6038	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I agree a little goes a very long way, and it smells fantastic!  This is my new favorite face cleanser.
5137	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair has the tendency to get a bit clumpy at times and hard to comb, so I decided to give this Silk Infusion from CHI product a try. I followed the directions and only applied a small amount of the product and continued styling. The results were immediate as combing my hair was a much more enjoyable experience without all of the bunching. My hair felt extremely smooth and soft and had a certain shine to it that I haven't experienced using other hair treatment products. Don't let the price detract you from giving this a try. It doesn't take a lot of this product to make your hair softer and smoother so a bottle will last you for quite a long time.

Highly recommend!
It's expensive, but it only takes a little to make a big difference!
6. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL QUICK-FIX BODY (NO SPF):
This also goes on light; you can build it up if you have to but the first swipe on with a brush is not too heavy and it does go on subtly enough to not have a stripe of orange or brown on your cheek. There are other colors: this is the fair version of bronzer but there is also a medium for darker complexions.
6963	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	JUICE BEAUTY GREEN APPLE AGE DEFY MOISTURIZER is a daily moisturizer that intends to revitalize and protect the face and neck.  The product incorporates a combination natural/organic juices to form a silky, lightweight cream that is recommended to be used twice each day (morning and night).
3735	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have tried all the files. This one smooths the edges perfectly to a soft finish. Live this and am buying this year for all my friends as Christmas gifts with a hand cream and a polish.
* It rubs in quickly and isn't greasy.  It is thick and takes a little bit of rubbing in, but then again, it keeps my skin moisturized for a while.
The ingredients are Aqua (Water,Eau),Glycerin,Propylene Glycol,Dimethicone,Carbomer,Gingko Biloba Leaf Extract,Panax Ginseng Root Extract,Triethanolamine,Dimethiconol,Caprylyl Glycol,Cyclopentasiloxane,Ethylhexyl Cocate,Hexylene Glycol,Sodium Chloride,Phenyl Trimethicone,Glycolipids, Lecithin,Phenoxyethanol,CI 42090 (Blue 1),CI 19140 (Yellow 5).
I got the smaller sizes to see what works with my particular skin and will get the larger sizes when the ones I decide to stick with run out.
483	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best tattoo cover creme out of all Dermablend I've tried. It doesn't cake, covers extremely well. I used 2 layers, and after each one I used setting powder. Once you find the right shade than you golden.
163	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE OPI!
A quick internet search revealed a $50 or thereabouts price point and I decided to treat myself! Now first, bear in mind, this is a large candle - about 16 oz with around 90 hours of burn time, so you are getting a lot of candle for your money! However what sets this apart, and to me justifies the higher price point is the glorious scent this candle gives off! Within mere minutes of lighting this candle, my living room which is rather large and open plan, smelled amazing! The scent of the unlit candle in the box, translated perfectly to the scent of the lit candle (just as strong and a true scent of daffodils).
This sunscreen doesn't cause breakouts, either.  It's a definite must have for my beach bag.
6835	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works like a charm. Put a dab on at night and in the morning pimple is all nice and dried up. Love it
315	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	repeat purchase

6200	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT MOISTURIZER



1711	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Daughter was thrilled I could order this for her.
3311	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice dual lip pencil from Vincent Longo.  The colors are Rosewood and Wine.  I've included photos of my lips with the two colors, the first photo on the left is Rosewood, and the photo on the right is Wine.  The Rosewood color is a pink/brown nude, and the Wine is a dark burgundy color, both are matte.  I love both colors and they are flattering.  I've also included a photo of the colors on paper for a better idea of what they look like.  The pencil can be used as lipstick as I've done in the photos, but I recommend pairing it with a chapstick or gloss as it is drying.  The colors really have some staying power, it lasted through drinking water, and going about my day.  I was able to easily remove them with micellar water, otherwise it might have been tough.
9072	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I normally love this curling iron, this one MUST be defective, it does not clamp shut, so therefore it does not curl properly. waste of money
It goes on smooth. When you open it you see that it is SO dark, but don't worry it doesn't go on that dark, it goes on a lot lighter and looks gorgeous. Also, it doesn't leave blotches, or stripes on your face.
3968	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This powder leaves a silky, flawless, slightly dewy finish to my skin. I don't use Vichy's foundation (the only foundation that looks right on me is MAC Studio Sculpt, unfortunately) but on top of other foundation or primer, the Dermafinish powder creates a beautiful effect. It goes on easily, stays put, and, given that it's translucent, should look good on any skin tone. Even though I have very sensitive skin that makes it impossible to use a lot of powders, I had no negative reaction to Dermafinish.
These products arrive in a brown box, and I mention this for those who might be considering gifting a man in your life. On the one hand the brown box isn't too frou-frou --so no guy-shock. And yet on the other hand it's not exactly 'special' --so they may wonder about how much you like them.
4971	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've been a fan of Baxter of California products in the past. I really like the quality, non-irritating ingredients and the longevity as well. This is a nice system consisting of a cleanser, astringent and moisturizer. They don't all have to be used every day but I'm sure that the benefits are greater if you follow the system as recommended. The cleanser is nice, nothing too harsh and not too drying. The astringent has a mild mint scent but it is really hard to smell. The moisturizer is thick and blends in quickly.
2102	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So I love essie and the color was rich and beautiful, though the picture is not really what it looks like in person. The color is more of a pink, then light coral. It took almost three weeks to be delivered.
8218	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this color but pricey
7656	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I love PCA products and have mild rosacea that worsens at times with redness on my cheeks and red bumps. I wanted this serum to work - but I used the entire bottle and saw no difference - and sometimes the serum stung a bit going on. I believe in giving all products - no matter what they are - 90 days to assess. So, I"m on my second bottle - and will determine if it's worth repurchasing. But I think my best bet is to invest in laser therapy for the redness - and no serum or cream has worked for me. The thing I do like about it - is that it gives some moisturization to my dry skin.
This is not an inexpensive product, but used sparingly can go a long way. Love this cuticle dream.
1707	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	my favourite shade of red!
2626	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Woodsy with a citrus hint.  Ordered for my son and he likes it very much.  Manly but not overpowering.
5719	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Im so glad to find this! It covers my spots of thin hair by shading the scalp. Give it a try.

Bottom line: try these if you're looking for something to help rid you of stubborn adult acne, or if you're simply looking for something to help with anti-aging or to help with wrinkles that have already formed. This product really is great!
526	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If you need a full coverage foundation and you do not have very many facial wrinkles, then this Cover Creme by Dermablend may work well for you. It is definitely a thick makeup which will help to cover any pigmentation problems. However, because it is a very thick cream (almost as heavy as the average concealer), if you have the normal lines and wrinkles on your face that are a result of aging, then this foundation may catch in those lines and not give you a smooth finish. One of the important things is to blot your skin after the makeup is applied. The directions also call for a "setting" powder, however, that may also just increase the "caking" effect in the lines of your skin. Personally, I did achieve a good, matte finish with this makeup and did not feel the need for a setting powder. One thing to note, this color was a bit darker and a bit more orange than I expected. If you normally have fair skin, this color may work for you if you have a facial tan.

4.  This really thickens and fills in my eyelashes as a preparatory step before applying my eyebrow mousse.  And covers grey eyelashes really well--yes!!!!!!!!!!!
I have sensitive skin and get razor burn and until I tried the Billy Jealousy line I dreaded shaving, but this works wonders for me.
1638	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love purple. This is a very pretty shade and blended with a lot of clothing styles. Love love love
Additionally, I'm chemically sensitive, and seem to react to this (but I can't really factor that into the star rating because I have weird allergies, and that's not the fault of the soap).
While this product is intended for men, it works just as well for women with dry hands, too.
3704	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So it's 6 ounces of cleansing complex gel. Only a tiny bit is needed for full facial application. I always use a tad bit more for the neck and ear areas. It's smooth, and glides all over with minimal lathering, you know it's there, but it's not soapy and doesn't foam up. I use it only in my morning routine, so I can see the small bottle will be very generous and is worth the cost. I have sensitive skin, and there has been no irritation. It claims you can use it as a mini mask, which I can see, but have not tried yet. I'm just satisfied that after a week of daily usage I've had no side effects or abnormal breakouts.
I wasn't sure what to think about this product when I first poured some onto my palms---it is an "oily-feeling" treatment, and I feared it would make my baby fine hair look greasy. In fact, I knew I'd put too much onto my hands, and wiped some of it away, so a little will go a long way (this product will last me forever!). I then worked the infusion from about ear-length down to the ends into my just-washed hair--I did not put any at the roots. Then I blow-dried with a round brush. At first, I didn't think it did much, but when I walked out of the bathroom, my guy said, "Wow! Your hair looks beautiful! What did you do differently?" He ran his fingers through it, "it's soft and silky - sexy!"
I love this particular leave-in conditioner not only because it plays well with heat and dryers but also because it is equally effective at smoothing frizz without help.  I have combination Eurasian hair: my mother's Asian dead straight and fine hair plus my dad's curls so I end up with a somewhat frizzy messy-looking crop with its own mind.  My hair's personality varies with humidity and since products meant for curly hair weighs it down due to the straight bits and straight hair products just don;t cut it, I'm always in search of something in between that will work. This product seems to be the perfect solution to my combination hair woes. It leave my hair frizz-free and silky to touch without weighing it down.
8538	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have been using the Davines  MoMo Conditioner in conjunction with the MoMo shampoo for several years now. They choose very pretty colors in their entire line. I have colored hair and the MoMo works the best for me. A little bit of the shampoo goes a long way creating a nice lather and  easy to rinse out. My hair is thick and long and responses well to the Davines line. The MoMo Conditioner is equally as great , put in thru your hair and only a little on your scalp...I personally find my hair weighing to heavy if I have too much conditioner sitting for too long in my scalp area. Orignally found this at the hair salon that I frequent, happy and thrilled to find it on Amazon. Its a great line...recommend it for anyone seeking a really wonderful shampoo and conditioner that delivers perfect results.

9821	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have pretty sensitive skin and wanted a good shave soap so I would not break out while wet shaving. As I am new to this type of shaving, I bought this based on previous reviews and am glad that I did. This soap lathers up real nice and provides a great, close shave. I usually have to do 2 or 3 passes to get my face really smooth, but it is fun to shave now (not like with cartridge razors). The only complaint I have of this soap is the smell. It is not a bad smell, just not one that I really like. The original Proraso shaving soap (in green jar) has an awesome smell and it works fine on my sensitive skin, so I would buy that version next time. Still like this product though.
3355	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	its ok
Once dry feel free to shake your head over the sink to prove nothing is coming lose!
The texture of this does make a nice platform for foundation and makeup.  It does smooth the skin some (dimethicone to thank for that) and acts as a sort of primer as well as moisturizer, making it appropriate for applying makeup over.

6497	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love anything Lafco makes! Great product. Last long time. Burn wonderful and smell great!
6119	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this before and use it every day. I have very dry areas around my eyes and this keeps them nice and moist. Great for people with sensitive eyes like mine. I have glaucoma the cream is odorless. I would suggest this to anyone or older people with dry skin around the eye area.  The price was great. I think I payed 4 bucks more for it at Ulta. I will continue to purchase through Amazon. A bottle lasts a year. All you need is a tiny bit and it makes your eyes feel so good.  Mario Badescu has great products at affordable prices.
I would highly recommend this to anyone with weak nail issues. This can be worn alone or under polish.
4606	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The first thing that hit me when I opened this jar was the cloying smell of rotting fruit (Garnier Fructis has the same smell). The cream itself is light green and very light weight - almost whipped. It sinks in quickly, I only need a little, and my skin loves it! I just wish it smelled better.
Zinc Oxide is a physical sunscreen rather than a chemical one, blocks both UVA (320-400 nm) and UVB (280-320 nm) rays of ultraviolet light. Chemical sunscreens are less effective and carry unnecessary health risks. ZO is insoluble in water, used in many industries, in ointments, creams and lotions. Non-irritating, non-allergenic and non-comedogenic, used by athletes as a bandage to prevent soft tissue damage during workouts. ZO must be NON NANO / UNCOATED UPS -2 ZO which has a mean particle size greater than 30nm, when applied to the skin do not get absorbed into the body, do not enter the bloodstream, and are not a threat to human health.
5851	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Butter London rocks even if they DO NOT have a thinner!  This makes one's BL nail polish last even longer!
2744	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Either I'm working way too much, sleep deprived, or genetics dictate that I am destined to have tired bags and wrinkles around my eyes.  NUXE Anti-Fatigue Eye Cream is absolutely fantastic at moisturizing and smoothing out the skin around my eyes.  The cream comes in a small pump bottle, and you really don't need a lot to get your skin moisturized.  The cream is lightweight, is absorbed quickly, and it really helps with the puffiness and tired look I get around my eyes in the morning.  I don't usually wear much make up (usually eye liner, mascara, and some lip gloss), so having this helped a lot.  I'm not sure what other reviewers are talking about, but I absolutely love the scent of this cream.  It has a soft floral scent that definitely has tones of lily in it.  While I personally enjoy the scent, be warned that some people don't, so if you don't care for flowery scented lotion, I would steer clear as you will smell it.
5505	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this because when I want a looser style but still have lift, this comes in very handy.  Be careful with longer hair, you can get it tangled up in there and if your not careful, you will have to cut your hair to get it out.  :)  Nice hot temp but still cool enough to be used on synthetic wig hair if you want to change the style.
2294	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My dermatologist introduced me to this product and I have been pleased with a healthier alternative for my makeup. I highly recommend this.
8896	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I knew the product was going to be just what I wanted as I have used it at some of the best spas during a facial.  The price was right at this site!
I highly recommend this for someone who is looking for something to act quickly.
Other excellent colors to scope out: Yucantan if You want, Dutch Tulips, Silent Mauvie, 20 Candles on My Cake.
I fear that Billy Jealousy will change this product once they figure out how little you need to use. I hope they do not because this is my new favorite body wash.
398	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My tan-complection Filipina wife LOVES Dermablend.
6545	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	perfect, ty


But then I tried Vichy Aqualia Thermalunder make-up, it really makes my face look great, and I noticed a difference immediately.  I wear cream liquid, followed by a light mineral powder dusting.  The overall effect is a much softer, better absorbed look.  Just as important, my face remains like that all day.  Like Olivella, Aqualia Thermal doesnt clog pores.  The Vichy box says this product is suitable for dry to very dry skin types.  I can attest it works well on middle-aged skin.
7661	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
27	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Supersmile toothpaste is a low-foam toothpaste that has a soft abrasive that gently removes stubborn food stains from coffee, tea, berries and red wine.  There is no chemical burn or bad taste and is excellent for veneers and sensitive gums.
Although this particular product is marketed towards people with dry skin, and my skin is combination (oily T-zone, dry cheeks), this hasn't caused any trouble with oil levels.
276	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color
7241	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product.  It covers red areas better than anything I have used.  I used the loose powder in the same shade for my neck and jawline; but this one is better for red areas around nose and eyes.

590	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great cover for TATOOS and scars , this color is for those skin yellow based skin tones .think tone of Jennifer Aniston and Angelina Jolie,  and  not for pink undertones as in Rene Zellwegger and Nicole Kidman
2018	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color, when I bought it - I thought it was very similar to 'Jamaica Me Crazy' by Essie; but 'The Lace is On' looks very different, it is a pretty purple. 'Jamaica Me Crazy' is a bright pink shimmer (more fuchsia). Great finish and formula.
3758	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent sunscreen.  Feels good on my sensitive face.
The thermal spring water comes out in a very fine mist so it can be used not just before applying moisturizer to help lock it in, but any time throughout the day as a way to wake-up the skin and shed a bit of that grimy feeling that seems to accumulate in the course of the day. A way to feel human again.

5903	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	just beautiful!



8219	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Purple is my favorite color. This rocks :-)
It is not heavily perfumed
7740	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just received my set of 3 products. I opened the box and there was spillage in the box because one of the lids came off.
8374	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I like this brand, but not this particular cream.  It didn't really absorb into my skin, but just sat on top of it feeling greasy ... while at the same time leaving my skin feeling dry.  I had to blend it with some argan oil to keep my skin from feeling dry.
-Much faster hydration than applying cream straight to dry skin.
I am love with this color and. I am here to buy another bottle so I won't be without this new, favorite, "go-to" color.
I look forward to trying their conditioner and would recommend this shampoo for anyone looking for a mild but effective treatment for thinner hair.
883	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is the final step of a cleansing routine.  I used it after cleansing with my regular system.  I found this spritz to be refreshing.  It felt good.  I then followed up with serum and moisturizer.  That is was more steps than I usually use so it will probably end up being a spritz during the day.


2616	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Some have complained this is not the "real" Eternity. I can't speak to that. All I know is it smells nice and comes in a nice bottle. If in fact they changed the formula or it's a different perfume altogether, I can see how that would be upsetting. But for those who have no clue what the "real" one is like, this is just fine. Purchase at your own risk.
August Update

In my experience with it, the opposite held true. If I used too much or applied it only with my fingertips, it's settled into fine lines and made me look about 10 years older.
I will throw it out - not worth returning - but will never purchase again....  I still love their regular polishes though and will continue to use them,

I'd be willing to try another color in this line based on Whitney's performance.
3889	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This does seem to work when I give my nails a break from shellac polish.
3802	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As described!
7447	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is very nice for the face ..I used this with my clarisonic brush and it has a refreshing feel after u rinse your face .. I use the peel to this brand also and I love it
4415	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	really thick, but eventually soaks in so you forget about it
5410	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is one of the best creams for keeping your skin bright and moist without being greasy.  I use it every day.
5453	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My significant other has problems with extra-sensitive skin that always get red and irritated after shaving. In addition, he is sensitive to scented products. According to him, this Vichy after shave balm is the first product he tried (and, believe me, there have been many) that really cuts down on the ugly red welts he gets on his face after shaving. It cools down his skin, thereby helping to prevent razor burn, and it does so without using alcohol or any other ingredients that sting the skin. Because it is unscented, it is also safe for use by those who have scented product sensitivities. I, personally, was really surprised at the reasonable price here on Amazon. Many of the products he has tried have been very expensive, and then they didn't work for him. This is a great product. If you have skin problems after shaving, this Vichy balm is definitely something I would recommend that you try. I hope it works for you as well as it does for him.
The product has a good quality feel to it. It is wet to the touch. When applying with a sponge, I have to press hard in order to get it on the sponge, but it seems to dry instantly on my face. It feels light and looks quite flawless with no visible lines. It also looks natural and smooth. There is no visible build-up. It lasts throughout the most of the day. I generally use it once in the morning.

8677	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very moisturizing, just takes a little bit.
I was impressed by the HUGE lasting power of this EDT. It's the kind of scent when someone snuggles your neck you smell good-it doens't shout in an elevator. The kind that's unique enough that when your ex smells it again you're all they can think of (or the reverse!)
These Dermablend base products are synergistically enhanced with a nice sheen of fresh with a spray application of Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray. Just lightly mist your face with your hair pulled back to enhance your look and seal your make-up applications.  Even with dusted powders it will make a difference.  It is that simple.
5956	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great color.  It mimics the natural raspberry color when on the nails.  I think this is a great color for spring.  It is appropriate for work or play and would even look nice while in a formal evening gown.  I particularly like Butter London nail polishes because they are free of most contaminates.  I feel that they also make my nails healthier.  I would recommend this color to everyone.

6231	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is a bit on the expensive side so I decided to try it. I have used this for 2 months together with the entire set and have seen minimal results on my acne prone skin. I will not be repurchasing.

7804	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used Baxter and L'Or&eacute;al and several other aftershave products.  In comparing Vichy I note a couple of things.  Vichy has almost no smell, which I prefer.  For Vichy, a little goes a long way and this 2 1/2 ounce tube should last a little while.  Some of the other products, like L'Or&eacute;al's, offer SPF protection and Vichy does not in this product.
5089	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome as new! This line of product works well with my oily skin. I can tell this is the real deal. Thank you.
6138	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Mario Badescu skincare for about 10 years now...love it and will never switch to anything else.
3792	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you have combination or problem skin, this wash is fantastic. I use it with my clarisonic and it makes my skin feel really clean and refreshed without over drying. Love all the products from this brand.
7159	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A very nice facial moisturizer but a little on the heavy side. I should have bought the oil free admittedly, but its still a good moisturizer that lasts all day. Cheap moisturizers usually dry out mid day, this doesn't.

9979	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.
2023	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all of the Essie nail polishes. They go on perfectly and last for a lot longer than regular polish.

9303	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So nice for mid day touch up. Doesn't mess with previously applied makeup application.

Coola protects my face without leaving my skin greasy.  It allows my makeup to go on smoothly.
2708	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Crucial Moisture; does a nice job of blending in skin and moisturizing.

That being said, the jury is still out on whether it "firms & smoothes [sic] fine lines" around my eyes. Considering how much I liked the other JB products, I will give them the benefit of the doubt. And will, of course, update if something changes.

It's not gonna stay on overnight. It's not going to stay put on the sides or back under a hat. I've even tried holding spray and it will work but I personally have to gel my hair so hard that it's not favorable all the time. Those are the only downsides. Take it from me and my friends..it works and its amazing :)
2927	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this stuff
7640	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this sunscreen. It's lightweight and not greasy and I can use it alone or on top of a light moisturizer. It's on elf the best 'clean' sunblocks out there. I wish they made a heavy duty sports version that was water proof. Highly recommend.
4735	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Quality product for men!
1682	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I love Essie nail polish, but for some reason this one chips off very easily. Maybe it's the shimmer.
7370	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very refreshing and moisturizing.

9261	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've fallen in love with this brand.  I just started using other oroducts from this brand about a month ago and I am honestly amazed at how beautiful my skin looks.  I'm in my 40's but have a young looking face.  That doesn't mean I don't battle fine lines and age spots though.  And due to a chronic kidney issue, my skin looks dull and dry sometimes.  Nothing seemed to make a difference so I was really skeptical that this would be any different.
If you want a gentle cleanser that leaves your
7122	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I love most of Jack Black's products but I feel like this one is a miss for me.  They call it a lather but it hardly lathers at all.  For the price, I want superior protection which I feel it did not provide so it looks like I'm going back to gels.
9718	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My girlfriend has been a fan of Burberry's Brit for many years now.  She's pretty loyal to the scent, but was curious to try out Burberry Brit Sheer.  We both first thought the scent too sweet, but the sweetness wears off during the day and leaves a refreshing floral scent. It's not overpowering, which is a plus for both of us.  The scent reminds her a little bit of Estee Lauder's Pleasures, with an additional warm woodsy scent.  She still finds Burberry Brit more unique and refreshing, but if you're looking for a more feminine alternative, Burberry Brit Sheer is your answer.
2929	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've got an incredibly annoying beard, very stiff hair and this works wonders.  Gives a smooth clean shave.
4885	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the mineral foundation and the sun protection!
1369	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it.  The coverage is complete and it stays until I wash it out.  The price is good too!
My first impression was that such a pricey foundation product does not even come with an applicator. The packaging looks fairly cheap too.
8019	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair has been thinning for the last 15+ years and I have done everything to make up for it short of a transplant - wigs, weaves, etc. even though my own hair is quite long. I heard about Toppik and got this small travel size because I just had a hard time believing it would actually work, and I didn't want to risk too much money on it. Well, I absolutely LOVE Toppik! I'm a cook and an artist so I have a good hand, which meant I was successful in my first attempt at applying it and it only took a few minutes. just aim over the area, and tap the fibers on. The hair on the top of my head is quite thin, so I did have to apply more than some others might have to, but it does what it says, and I was so thrilled it brought tears to my eyes and I am buying a larger size. Yes, you can run your hands through it, and yes, you can style it. If you have thinning hair, I cannot recommend this product enough. TIPS: I read it before in the reviews and now I know it myself - get a shade lighter than your hair. I got the Dark Brown, and it looks almost Black upon application. I am able to get away with it, but my next order with be the medium brown and I will mix them. Also, if you need to apply a lot of it, which I did, it will result in the Toppik-treated area looking duller than the rest of your hair. I tried a little shine spray with my hair out and some holding gel with my hair up, and both seemed to work in getting the shine back. Some folks have complained of itching, but I haven't had that issue. I tried sleeping with it in just for giggles, and some came out, but not that much. I have not yet gotten it wet, so I cannot comment on that. If you're still skeptical, do what I did and at least try the travel size so your risk is minimal. But I am a happy customer - no more wigs and weaves and I can finally have my own hair out without being self-concious. Thank you, Toppik!!
8966	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works great for tight curls. I prefer my Conair curling irons though. The handle is a little tight and squeaky compared to Conair brand.
4446	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Extremely soft on my sensitve, red-prone skin. I love the way it leaves it so soft and doesn't burn my eyeballs out of my sockets.  Also the SIZE, can we talk about this????  It's huge - will last FOREVER - a good, no FANTASTIC VALUE.
This is a wonderful gift set that you'll be proud to present to the caring Mom.
1021	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Mustela Newboard Arrival Gift Set is a wonderful collection of Mustela items to anyone who has recently had a baby (or has one on the way). The items are all extremely gentle on the skin (not causing my eczema-prone twins any breakouts is good enough for me). The shampoo and wash are probably our favorite products, as both wash effectively and gently. They have a light, pleasant scent and rinse off easily with no residue.
Major recommend!
For an eau de toilette this is still a very intense scent and should be used with restraint or it can easily become overpowering. I prefer a level of cologne where you just get an intriguing whiff and you want to get closer to smell more of it. I would recommend spraying the air in front of you and walking through it for just the right amount. The scent will linger on the skin for hours.
6225	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product in conjunction with the lotion, cleanser, & toner.  The rosacea line by Pevonia is the only product line that gives me relief from the burning, itching, & redness of my skin from my rosacea.  I would definitely recommend these products if you are looking for relief!
I DO use this over my hyaluronic acid serum and am certain that it's helping to bind the moisture of this cream to my skin that much better, and maybe it's the combination of these two products that are giving me such dramatic, rapid results, but honestly, this is one of the very best eye creams I've ever tried and I have tried a LOT.  From the obscenely expensive to the cheap as they come variety, this one has them beat, hands down.  I seriously love this eye cream, and as someone who generally despises them, that's saying a lot!
5604	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fills in those thin spots nicely..Great for men or women.



Water (Aqua)
9927	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.
43	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the great modern classics.  I think every man (or woman apparently) should have a bottle of CK one in their arsenal.  Out of the 20 fragrances I own, CK One is probably top two with Aqua Di Gio Essenza.  Just a pleasing scent and one which some like but most will love.
This polish is my new favorite neutral. It's opaque and matte, with just the usual nail polish shine, but no shimmer or glitter. The color is a nice rosy mauve that's somewhere between pink and brown. It's a good year-round color for my pale, olive-toned skin, and I can imagine it might be flattering on many skin tones. I had hoped it might be slightly more purple, but although there seems to be a lavender undertone the overall color is more pink/mauve.

Made for ALL skin types.  This product is made in the USA.


3536	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like the consistency of this product and results I get from this product! My hair is TAMED by Super Skinny Serum! What I mean by that is that my colored, highlighted, blow-dried hair that is full of static electricity from the forced air heat this winter is smooth and calmed using this serum. It doesn't weigh the hair down or make it oily or greasy, either. I really trust the Paul Mitchell products that I have tried. They are high quality. I recommend this Super Skinny Serum!
618	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this eyeshadow! I have been using it for years. I love Jane Iredale cosmetics because I am sensitive and they do not give me problems AND they go on so nicely!
9361	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I liked this serum, though I think "serum" my be a misnomer.
1656	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Arrived on time, and product is a really pretty mid pink shade.
1804	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The perfect neutral color! Very fresh looking!

8178	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wouldn't be without this product

2482	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This system really gives your teeth the natural white clean and it won't hurt if you have sensitive teeth.  I love this product.  My husband has used it for the past 3 weeks and his teeth were really stained...now they are close to the beautiful white they should be.  This system is well worth the money but buy it from Amazon as it is so much cheaper and you only need the paste, toothbrush, and paste set is all you need.
I myself have drier skin and use Toleriane in a different formulation,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/La-Roche-Posay-Toleriane-Soothing-Protective-Skincare-Normal-to-Combination-Intolerant-Skin-1-35-fl/dp/B002X1UR16/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">La Roche-Posay Toleriane Soothing Protective Skincare, Normal to Combination Intolerant Skin 1.35 fl</a>&nbsp;but had the same positive experience. One time I used a moisturizer sample my skin reacted badly to, and the only cream that stopped the resulting burning was Toleriane.
4081	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have a few oil cleaners and find they don't disturb my sensitive skin (my personal favorite is Ulta's cleansing oil). Heck, I have even used and loved using regular&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Beauty-Aura-100-Pure-Sweet-Almond-Oil-Cold-Pressed-From-Best-Quality-Almond-Kernels-Cold-Pressed-Hexane-Free-No-Synthetic-Preservatives-Colors-or-Fragnances-16-Fl-Oz/dp/B00FIU49UO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Beauty Aura 100 % Pure Sweet Almond Oil. Cold Pressed From Best Quality Almond Kernels. - Cold Pressed & Hexane Free - No Synthetic Preservatives, Colors or Fragnances (16 Fl Oz)</a>&nbsp;(sorry about Amazon's long link). I also have Marcelle micellar water (a Canadian brand). Given all those experiences, I found this Vichy cleansing micellar oil to be like a cross between a light oil and a micellar water, which was really nice. I have super sensitive skin, so I'm very careful what I use. This cleanser was completely non-irritating, took off the most stubborn makeup, and didn't dry my skin out. It also didn't leave any oil residue feeling after I used it. Fabulous stuff.
8883	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like it

5. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL INTENSE POWDERCAMO!! (NO SPF):

1864	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The polish I received looks nothing like the one shown for sale. It looks more similar to Essie's "Play Date." This was also the first time I've purchased nail polish online. Lesson learned: stick to purchasing polish in person.
8737	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This scrub is just okay. It smells great and leaves my skin soft, yet there isn't enough exfoliant (strawberry seeds) in it to thouroughly exfoliate my skin.
9174	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product! I've been using it for 20 years.

8352	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Has a slightly "old lady" smell to it. Other than that, it does a good job.
6107	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Mario Badescu skincare for about 10 years now...love it and will never switch to anything else.
5726	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  It gives me so much confidence when I go out in public.  It covers thinning areas very well.  I would recommend this to anyone who is thinning and can not pay for a hair transplant.
Razor blade : KAI on its third use
According to their website, this is good for both teens and adults.  You can also use it on face or body, making it a great all over cleanser.
8910	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It is good, but as the light moisturizer and refreshing use I want to give it throughout the day, I must say that I still rather the Evian Mineral Water Spray.
1) Dermablend is expensive.
8306	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just love love love Butter London polish... the quality is wonderful and the colors are so vibrant! Goes on with ease!

9194	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I used to use another drying lotion but got out of the habit and started using benzoyl peroxide more. But lately I've been having some issues with breakouts due to what I believe to be hormonal changes. So I was again looking for a quick solution. This is handy for calming and clearing blemishes. It is mostly like calamine lotion that has settled down in some alcohol. You just take a Q-tip and dab some on any spot. Within a day or so you will see changes. This is most useful to use at night although if you use too much it will flake off. So less is really more.
7861	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First of all, I LOVE STILA! This blush is soooo pretty! Highly recommend!
This is a small two ounce bottle, however, it only takes a very small amount if you use it just on your face.

buyers need to trust them  and buy it because i have great positive feel with them.
7975	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	what options do we have when going bald? this a good product it does not attaches to the hair as they promise but it really helps to cover bald spots
I've been using it morning and night. I have a feeling that would be too often for me if I were using this during the summer here in Florida, but it's been cooler and dryer lately, so twice a day has been just right.
- Reasonably priced, especially considering the results.
1991	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was surprised to receive RED nailpolish. This picture is deceiving. I was expecting a pink color. It shipped fast but the color in the picture is not accurate.
This version works exceptionally well as a 'refresher' as well as a cleanser.

5038	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wish I had the rest of the cosmetic line to test this product with, but I used my regular foundation, and it worked great.  The directions say to use a pearl sized amount of the product on your face, after cleansing and moisturizing, just before applying Vincent Longo foundation.

1809	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This review is for "Blair," since there are multiple colors listed on the same page.
5856	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It really does dry your nails quickly, without bubbles or ridges. Combined with the Butter nail polishes, this is perfect. My manicure lasts all week.
1642	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This green is even more fun than I had anticipated!  It's super smooth and creamy looking.  I got many compliments while wearing it.
6463	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this cleanser!

7821	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Don't like that Petrolatum is the 2nd ingredient.  Wish they'd use a better product as part of the base.  There are so many wonderful skin-loving, nourishing oils and butters out there, but I am just not thrilled about the Petrolatum being the main ingredient (other than sugar)

As a little bit of history, my nails haven't been able to grow long nails in the last 4 years - starting when I was pregnant with my son.  My nails prior to that would grow relatively ok - they would still chip a bit.  But in the last 4 years, my nails have been so brittle and pealed so badly that I couldn't grow them past little stubs.  It has been frustrating to say the least. I tried different nail polishes. Different top coats. Shillac nails.  Everything I could think of.
284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous color...I love, love, love it! Only need 1 coat, but using 2 plus OPI's base and top coat
Pretty blue box suggestive of water (aquatic is one of a balanced blend of notes in Laura, along with fruity, floral and woody and others). Lovely glass tear-drop bottle with blue water drop on top.

407	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very different type of foundation, very thick, it comes with a little spatula to remove some of the product for application.  This process did take a little getting used to for me, using the right amount and blending it evenly but once I got the hang of it it really did cover well and didn't use additional concealers with it.  I used a sponge to apply this and blend it for a nice even coverage, you could use your fingers, however if you are prone to breakouts or skin irritations then a sponge seems a better option for less oil and dirt. I used the Dermablend Powder over this foundation and it really set the look and lasted all day.

ISOPROPYL PALMITATE
5774	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good product for making skinny hair fat!
I'm pleasantly surprised by this product.  It takes some practice to familiarize oneself in applying the foundation; however overall, I found it really easy to use.  The 1 ounce jar will also last a long time as a little bit of this cover creme goes a long way.
I've been using this with Gillette Fusion 5 blades and am very happy with the results. I have very sensitive skin and have not had any rashes or irritations with this product. The smell is mild but fresh.
4923	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS STUFF
Great bottle just a shame that what's inside doesn't do it justice.  Not good.  2 stars.

2148	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this cream and I will definitely purchase again!!!

1524	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Helps nail polish stay on longer. Very good product
8494	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My entire family uses this lotion.  My 2 teenage sons almost washes their face with this lotion number of times a day.  It cleans your skin thoroughly without drying it out which means it won't irritate your skin problems like acne, rash, sun burn, etc.  It cleans and disinfect naturally and leaves skin nice and smooth without causing secondary breakouts from other harsh acne products.
176	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color and brand
4451	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife loves the convenience of a 3-in-1 cleanser, toner and make-up remover. The milky lotion is gentle and can be used with or without water and my wife loves that it leave her skin feeling very clean and supple.
Like most Dermablend products, the Cover Crme line is pricey, but it is a very nice cream foundation.  It wears exceptionally well, stays put, and also cleans up pretty easy with water, soap, and wipes.  Even though Dermablend recommends using a setting powder, I find it holds up very well for hours without it.

3050	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have dry and sensitive skin and this cleanser works beautifully!
7514	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It contains 1.5% Salicylic Acid which is known to be effective for pimples. It didn't dry my skin too much. I don't care about the special applicator -- I just use my finger.
5715	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place. Instead of boosting his confidence, Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair.
1433	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	*****
7987	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Sent on time and works as advertised
9563	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Get this for the man in your life--they will really love you for it.  And you will love the way they smell :).  It does have a faintly oriental odor that is not overpowering or feminine.  I am tempted to wear it on me!  The bottle is a nice masculine-looking design that your man will not be afraid of using.  Will definitely buy more as he is using it all the time.  GRRR
After testing on a small area that the product is good for you, you apply to clean skin. Let me tell you, I could feel this 'working' on my face right away, and I don't normally classify my skin as 'sensitive'. Oh yeah, 'tingling' is putting it mildly, but it never crossed over to uncomfortable or burning. Let's just say I'll stick to their 'sensitive' line and not try their regular peel... The product has a scent to it, not sure I'd call it 'fruity' but definitely organic - you can tell they don't dump a bunch of perfume in there to try to mask it, which is nice. It's not a bad scent, it almost seems yeasty. After about ten minutes, I rinsed the stuff off, which came off easily, and my skin felt good, not too tight, no more tingles, and it soaked up the moisturizer.
7037	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This scrub is the best. It's hydrating and non-abrasive, but still gets the job done exfoliating. The product is natural (which is awesome) so you should shake the bottle before every use as it separates. I use it a few times a week. All Mario Badescu products I have tried, I love.
5204	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This hydration cream has a buttery consistency and a floral fragrance that is noticeable after application.
I had never bought PCA on Amazon before, so I was a little worried..but the products are sealed, new, and legitimate. I am very happy and will be buying again when I run out. Thank you.
4874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff works!  SO much better for occasional adult breakouts than anything else I have tried.  Put down the Clearasil! A little goes a lonnnnng way.  Just dip a Q-tip all the way down to the bottom of the bottle to touch the pink part of the seperated liquid (do not shake) - dab on affected area.  It immediately dries.  Note, it ain't pretty, and you will have a pink dot of what appears to be dried calamine lotion on your face, but its totally worth it.  Just do it before bed and wait for the vanishing act to happen!
8797	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this serum and I already use a number of excellent serums.  The serum is thicker than most, which allows the ginseng, ceramides and ginkgo  to penetrate.  On hot nights I even use it by itself as a moisturizer.  My only problem is with the artificial color.  I was hoping the color was from chamazuline from chamomile. but alas it is artificial ,CI 42090 (Blue 1)...
89	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this polish

5631	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks :)
9015	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	At first this was great - heated up nicely and made great curls.  But less than a month later, it doesn't heat up well at all; I thought I accidentally changed the temp setting but it was on the highest setting and doesn't do a thing.  Too late to return it, I wasted 30 bucks.  Don't make the same mistake I did!
5484	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I originally got this for my 23 yr. old son that still lives at home. He has very sensitive skin, and has to be very careful what shaving cream he uses, because most of them make his face break out. This does not have that affect on him. He loves how it feels on his face. It is a little more expensive, but it's worth the price if he can use it without having it irritate his skin. You only need a little, because it foams up very nicely. I've even used it on my legs, and I love how soft it makes my skin feel. I will be buying this from now on.
4414	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	my dermatologist recommended this for my sensitive under eye area. very nourishing!
7022	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This product contains Sulfates and I did not want a product that contained these chemicals.
2397	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was feeling nostalgic when I ordered my bottle of Calvin Klein Obsession.  I used to LOVE the scent and wanted to throw it into my perfume mix again.  I was so excited to open the package, so I sprayed it on my wrists immediately!  I took a huge whiff and was quite surprised.  It still has that incredible dreamy smell of Obsession, but it also had an alcohol and chemical smell.  At first I wondered what I was thinking when I was younger that I would wear this.  Then I read some reviews and discovered that the formula had been sold.  I understand companies try to find cheaper ways to make products so they can make more money.  However, I wonder if they took into account the amount of customers they would lose because of this change?!?!!?  How disappointing!!!!
1598	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Zoya is one of my favorite polishes on the market. I love this color!
9447	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i like thr way it makes my eyes look
CONS
1570	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just love zoya. Always perfect.
9162	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my favorite products for acne ever invented! I often get one or two pimples on my chin once or twice a month if I do not properly take care of my skin and this really helps dry the pimple up quickly. It really pulls the white head to the surface where it can be properly taken care of.
2327	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A hydrating face lotion for men.  Uses plant based hydrating technology.  Shine free!
I am a huge fan of La Roche-Posay products and they are worth the extra expense for such quality.
All told, the quality of the package is four stars, but as a package, it is more expensive than I would want.  As noted, the individual components are more expensive if bought separately, but at the end of the day, only the moisturizer is worthy of that individual price, and competitors make a less expensive, comparable quality product for face soap and astringent.

6456	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been a fan of Mario Badescu products for years, but mostly for preventing acne. Now that I'm older, I need to use moisturizing products. I'm happy to say that the Herbal Hydrating Serum has no scent. It's a gel serum that makes your face feel cool and smooth. This is a 1 oz bottle, but you only need a tiny amount to use. I used it over my moisturizer, but you can use it alone too. I'm impressed with this serum. Recommended.
9875	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow! I ordered a 15c to try out. I was using a 33c and wanted to try an open comb. I instead was shipped this. What a pleasant mistake.


2337	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this moisturizer for my brother to use. The cold, dry weather we've been experiencing has dried his skin out, but as a man, he was very hesitant to use moisturizer! I finally convinced him to use the product. He liked that the moisturizer went on smooth, and it did not leave an oily residue behind. The product being oil free was a benefit, because he has sensitive, acne prone skin, and this moisturizer didn't irritate his face at all. After only a few applications, he noticed a difference in the quality of his skin: it was no longer dry and flaky. Altogether, he really liked this product, but it does have a big negative: the cost. Four ounces of this product will set you back $22 plus shipping. I use a moisturizer from the Simple products line, and I get six ounces of moisturizer for $7, and it works wonderfully. If money isn't an issue, then this really is a great product. Since I have to stick to a budget, I'll be purchasing my brother a less expensive option next time!
The Merkur-Razor, Merkur Safety Razor 39c Chrome is a slant razor. It is slanted to give a slicing motion to your whiskers. Some compare it to the action of a snow plow. The angle allows for the blade to slice The slant bar was a common design in Germany in which the blade is slightly angled and curved along its length to make for a slicing action and a more rigid cutting edge.  Having use a strraight razor for years I find the 39c Slant Head with the right blades give me as close of shave as my straight razors. All this being said there are 2 things to be careful of.
3527	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff! My polish stays put! I would recommend
The textures and colors are different than any skin care items I've tried before. They aren't like a lotion or soap, but especially the wash feels very liquidy. The color was initially a turn-off (think poop brown), but if feels good going on, smells neutral (like a multivitamin actually), and based on my experience, it works.
Every skin can benefit from this serum as most of us has dehydrated dermis and epidermis. If you need stronger anti aging properties or have a pigment issue or acne you can combine 2 serums or use one in the morning and another at night.
I sure wish there was also a closed-comb version of this razor! For the money (around $20) it's a great quality razor! It's not as massive as some of the other razors, but still substantial enough, slightly heavier than all the cheapy asian-made butterflies. Instead of being thicker cast brass, the middle piece (guard) is just a bent plate, with the top fitting over it - very simple, but effective. The only reason this can't be someone's only-razor is because trimming straight lines (i.e. sideburns) is not as easy due to the open comb teeth.
This works well with serums underneath it, or alone.  It's also a good under makeup moisturizer.  I have not found that it reacts with my makeup to cause piling or shorter wear time.  All that is one of the reasons it is my favorite.
6969	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this moisture cream for almost a week. I love it! My skin feels soft, and looks radiant! I give this five stars and a big thumbs up!

With this product and this brand in general, there is no stinky tanner smell. Ive used tanners so long that I remember the days of having to shower to get the horrible smell off. This is absent of that scent plus has added good smelling scent too.
5386	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I think this product is intended as an anti-aging serum. I use for moisture/antioxidant boost when I need it - over EL Advanced Night Repair at night or under my humble lil Aveeno Ultra-Calming Moisturizer for day. Im in my mid-twenties so I focus more on prevention. I definitely think the Celufirm drops help to create/maintain a moisturized, balanced, face that looks healthy/glowy. Oh and I have very sensitive skin that loves any excuse to have an acne extravaganza and this does not break me out
4297	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Since I discovered the benefits and power of glycolic acid, there is NO going back. I have KP or should I say had. This product, in combination with other glycolic acid based products like glytone, have made my skin velvety smooth.
If you have thin hair this is the product to use.

One of the colors of the butters I didn't like that much against my skin, so, I decided because I loved the bottle so much (this is awful don't judge me) I poured out the color (I knew I would never use a color that didn't match my skin, and couldn't find someone else who wanted it either) and poured one of my OPI's into the empty butter bottle.

But as an undercoat, it really did even my nails out and give a flawless base for color.  You can't go wrong with this.
The consistency comes out of the tube very much like a thick lotion or sunscreen. Smooth a small amount on your lips, and it instantly soaks in instead of sitting on top of your lips. There is no shine, so this is a great item to try for men who have chapped lips but fear glossy lips. It actually seems to give almost a "blur" kind of effect while it sinks in, which I think is pretty cool. :) It moisturizes wonderfully, and I've had to reach for balm significantly less since I've started using this. This is scentless and tasteless.
The ingredients are not too good (Talc, Methylparaben, Hydrogenated Lecithin. May contain Cl 77491, Cl 77499, Cl 77492/Iron Oxides) but I don't have any negative reaction.
8582	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Would order again!
9679	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't appear to be any better than other higher-end hand cream and I hate the metal tube.
My hair is shoulder length with a few long layers and my round-barrel brush would never glide through my hair while I'm drying it at home.  Instead, my damp hair would just stick or snag on the brush.  So, for years, I've been doing more of a full blowout each time, separating out each small individual section, wrapping it around the brush, fully drying it, and then moving on to unclip another small section to repeat the whole process.  And, sure, the time-consuming blowout looks nice and full and great--but who has time for that each and every time?
The scent is light, and the bottle will last a while since you only need a small amount.  So it's a solid value for the price.  Color me impressed.  Now I just wish it came in travel size bottles.


7613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been buying this for several years.  I have very fine hair and it give me the body and life i love.
4868	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always happy with this brand. I've used this foundation for years.
The moisturizer comes in a simple squeezable plastic bottle.
274	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Goes on smoothly, and lasts
9032	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good product
4013	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	For micellar water it's a great product. It cleanses and tones without leaving your face feeling dried out and it doesn't feel harsh at all. It also works great as a makeup remover. For those of us who need to work at keeping a youthful appearance, however, this product isn't going to be enough. I can see this as step one in removing makeup and eye makeup. Then you still need to use a product to get deep into pores and open them up, such as the Bright Reveal pads by L'Oreal. Then follow that up by a quality retinol product followed up by a quality anti-aging moisturizer and eye cream. While the product definitely has its place in the skin care routine it's far from being the only thing needed (unless you happen to be quite young with genetics to die for).


- because of the weight of the razor, of new to wet shaving you have to be careful in not adding pressure while chopping your stubble. The weight of the razor will do that job for you.


8279	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite blue nail polish. It's the perfect tint of a light grey blue and the sparkles in it really make the color pop. It's a perfect color for any time of the year also. Very versatile!
1123	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great
1350	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for 4 years now.  I love it so much.  Easy to apply and helps cover up my embarrassing situation.
3392	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described.  Sure wish I could find OPI's "Start To Finish."  Can't find it anywhere.
9086	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Glides through hair without snagging, gets nice and hot and stays that way.  It's also nice to get two replacement springs with the iron - that is always the first thing to go on these things and then they lose all effectiveness because the jaws won't stay closed.
133	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Don't get the hype surrounding this brand of nail polish. I put it on my toes and it didn't last three days before showing signs of wear and chips. I usually use a drugstore brand that is a 3rd of the price (cheaper), and that stuff stays put. This is just overpriced and not very durable.
It's convenient in the shower...being a tube. Takes up less room because it fits behind the shower/hand bar.

396	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These cream is heavy, so much so that it comes with a small spatula for scraping it out of the jar. However, this strong consistency is good, because it does cover imperfections and it helps to match different skin tones, and once is applied, it doesnt look pasty. The cream must be kneaded between our fingers before applying it to our face, and it does go over it smoothly, and once its dry, it lasts all day long. I suggest finishing with a Dermablend powder of a similar shade for a flawless look.
6672	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This product makes my hair stiff and dry and crunchy.  It also made the ends look frizzy.
Honey (Mel)
3421	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color

Vito
6656	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very thick hair and I've tried so many different irons, but this is the best. So glad I made this purchase.

884	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I use this in place of my normal toner. It helps soothe and balance the ph of the skin without using harsh chemicals or ingredients like witch hazel or alcohol.
8336	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I came across "Mario Badescu" at ULTA one day at the checkout area. I picked up the rose water/aloe facial spray and fell in love. I researched the product more and chose this cream (hoping it would help my rapidly aging eye region!) Within the first few days I noticed a drastic change and decline in dryness; also in my fine lines and beginning crows feet around my eyes. Although it does not seem to be helping my dark under eye circles. It is also a little thick, so I recommend applying a thin layer 10-15min before makeup application. I am a makeup artist and WOULD absolutely use and refer this product to my clients
This is a great price for a quality product
Works well for men and women alike. Has no scent.

9780	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm Native American so my dark circles are more prominent than most with lighter skin. This covers really well and never looks "obvious" that I'm wearing concealer. Jane Iredale products are top of the line.
My husband doesn't want to smell like a cologne factory, and neither do I, so please do not waste this precious cologne :=)
This is suitable for use under makeup, including liquid foundation, which I appreciate.  I wouldn't say it controls shine, but it also doesn't generate shine.  Although I've been using this on top of a separate moisturizer, this has moisturizing properties of its own and you could probably skip the separate moisturizer if you wanted to.
1873	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Thought it would be a little darker, but overall still a good color!
8665	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I received a sample of this and I really like it. I find that I cannot use it every night. It is good when my skin is really dry and I need a deep moisturizing treatment. It goes on very thick and when I wake up my skin in very moisturized. I definitely have to wash it off in the AM as it would be to heavy to have under makeup.


2572	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this face cleanser.  What a great find!  The scent, texture, and effectiveness of this product are all great. Highly recommend it.
9664	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product if you get dry chapped skin in the ever dry Colorado air! Does not take much product and readily absorbs..
9871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	04/06/2016 - another update. I've been mostly using my Merkur 37c Slant and decided to try the 15c again. That only confirmed my earlier findings - it shave very well, but really doesn't get you as close as other razors, perhaps it's on the "safe side" and might be good for some people. If I were you, I wouldn't pay more than about $20. Italian Barber website has the RazoRock "Jaws" open comb razor for $20 - that might be a more interesting OC razor to try.

9097	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the Hot Tools brand and this one curling iron is great.  I'll have to put this one away since I had my hair cut short.  I'll save it when my hair is longer.
150	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really simple and pretty with a top coat
I will definitely be using this face wash from now on.
2806	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is super sleek. It is the slimmest nail cutter I have seen that you can practically put it in your wallet. (Well, who would not want to put a nail clipper in his wallet).  It even has a nail file underneath. It is made of stainless steel and comes with a leather pouch.
4987	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	No matter what time of year, I have long had to deal with dry skin around my nose and occasional pimples on my face (from sleeping on my hands at night).  As a result, I've been dealing with a variety of skin care products since high school, from generic store brand creams to expensive products purchased online.  Through all of that, I have never actually tried a three-part skin system and was hopeful that this "1-2-3 Kit" from Baxter of California would work for me.  In a word, yes.  This is one of the best overall skincare products I have ever encountered after years of experimentation.
5835	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I use this under clear coat to still have the appearance of natural nails but with a more polished clean look. It could be worn alone but it would be a mat finish.
1897	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great coverage and lasting color

8297	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was so excited to pick out my very first bottle of Butter 3-free nail polish. There were many gorgeous colors to choose from. I chose this one (Kerfuffle)...and I wish I hadn't. It didn't go on very nicely. It was obvious I couldn't even possibly get by temporarily with one coat. But mostly it reminds me of a colored "White-Out" I used years ago at my job. Every time I look down at my toes, I cringe because it's obvious I won't be happy until I remove it and put something else on.
6169	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This two ounce plastic bottle of Mario Badescu Moisturizer has SPF15 sunscreen.  It is a perfect size for your desktop.  Any time I go outside I squeeze a nickel size drop in my palm and coat my face and arms.  Lately I have been terrified about the effects of the sun.  I saw an article and pictures in the New England Journal of Medicine, you can google "Unilateral Dermatoheliosis" to see the pictures - the side of the man's face that was exposed to the sun during his truck driving looks about 20 years older than the other side of his face that was well shaded in his cab.  OKAY - got it - sunblock, sunblock, sunblock!!!!  And I love the Mario Badescu brand, nothing clears up acne better, so in the Moisture Magnet, I trust.  That and a hat...
6320	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this because of the good reviews. Didn't work for me at all. Left me with blurry vision. Other cleansing oils work far better and can be used for the entire face.

3094	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've only used the Eye Serum a few weeks now but it is quite nice.

9404	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I NEVER wear colors to work other than light pinks in different shades - school rules, but I just couldn't resist this for when I'm not teaching.  It's a beautiful shade of mint green, but still just a bit much for me.  I'm going to lighten it a bit with some OPI Alpine Snow Nail Lacquer and the lighter shade will be perfect.  Again, beautiful color, but not me; I simply need a lighter shade, all a matter of personal preference.
6585	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love this spray but i'm not exactly sure what it's for. It smells AMAZING! I have tried to set my makeup with it as it says you can do on the bottle and not sure how well it actually works as a makeup setter. I think it also makes me break out (but most things do). Overall, it smells amazing and is very refreshing
I own a 1 inch and wanted bigger curls, but my hair is to thin and too short.

6292	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This lotion is a little heavy. I use it when my skin is especially dry but not every day. I like it because it is not full of glycerin. Too much glycerin irritates my skin. The scent is OK, nothing special.
7097	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is really nice shampoo.  It lathers up well and feels good on the hair.  The bottle is fairly large.  It smells really good, with a light, fresh scent.  The scent reminds me of something I'd smell in a spa- sort of citrus and herbs, but not too heavy.  It's a scent that will work equally well for men and women, and isn't particularly masculine or feminine.  This shampoo left my hair clean and bouncy.  I would definitely buy it again.
1352	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product was a life saver for me. My hair has continually got thinner and I really didn't want to buy a wig. A friend told me about this and I can't believe how well it covers thinning areas. You just have to make sure after applying the resisdue isn't on your forehead or back. But it's a great product and worth every penny....
I have used the Dermablend sticks to cover my tattoo, too.  This brand is totally different from the traditional makeup you see--even at Sephora or Ulta.  They are heavier, provide more coverage, and they last all day.
4899	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, Love, Love all Jane Iredale products. Read all my reviews.
8154	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the Korres lip butters and own approximatley 4 different shades. This smells really nice - kind of sugary - and is really moisturizing. It has a slight tint, but looks very natural.


8558	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It has a great although I do prefer the exfoliating cleaners
3625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The ultimate travel package - 4-step routine for your hair.
Inactive Ingredients: Bees Wax, Butylene Glycol, Cetyl Dimethicone, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Disodium EDTA, Hexyl Laurate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate, Isopropyl Palmitate, Octyldodecyl Neopentanoate, Polyglyceryl-4 Isostearate, Purified Water, Sodium Chloride, Tocopheryl Acetate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane.
8800	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This  versatile product works as a light moisturizer on it own or as a product booster. It is a lightly scented gel that applies easily. In the summer I like to go light. This product was adequate but not impressive on its own. I think it would be ideal for those with acne or oily skin but for combination or dry skin it was just okay. Where it excelled was as a product booster. When applied over another moisturizer it did seem to enhance the effect. I appreciated that it is not tested on animals and includes ingredients including ginko, ginseng and ceramides. The bottle is small but a little goes a long way. It is also safe for the eye area. Overall a nice product to have in your beauty arsenal.

Overall, the color is good. I like it better than a comparable polish (I think Recycle) by Essie, has no brown undertones, and is good for all skin tones. However, it made my long nails look short compared to other polishes. Where the moon of the nail meets the cuticle, the layers of color were pretty apparent and again seemed weak, and at the tips the polish wore off pretty quickly, even with a good topcoat. I think this is why the nails look shorter.

1806	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this shade so much.  It's a perfect neutral taupe shade with a bit of metallic sheen. Gorgeous!

6208	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best there is.
7019	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	September Update
3005	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I live in the mountains where dry winter skin can be a real health issue, not just an inconvenience. Cracked skin provides an entry for bacteria which can turn to infection very quickly. So, keeping my skin moisturized is important. I go through a LOT of lotion in the winter months. This is not as emollient as some other lotions I have tried, but it is advertised as being for "normal" skin which, in my particular case, may be a bit too light to fully provide the moisture my skin needs. That said, it is a good lotion, in that it absorbs nicely and leaves skin feeling soft but not greasy. It has no detectable fragrance and dispenses easily from the pump. For my purposes, I feel that this is probably a better daily summer lotion than winter lotion.
4654	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This kit works well for me, but it's worth noting that I think that's partly because salicylic acid in general works well for me. Some people don't do well at all with that and end up always using benzoyle peroxide and that kind of thing. On one hand, that means this is gentler and won't likely cause more acne due to irritation. On the other hand, if you need really strong stuff, this may not do the job very well.
Wow again.  I hadnt understood at first how I can use this, as one of the colors I own is a darker bronze; and while I hadnt yet noticed the medium (my shade).  I mistakenly applied some of the dark under my cheekbones to see a defined look which actually worked for me, yet thick as I applied it - and silly me! I am thinking that since this product says body in the title it is going to be nice for use on varicose veins and other body imperfections like a permanent rash I have. Double win with this product results!
6782	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this topic treatment.  I just take a shower at night, dry myself off and apply before bed.  Boom!
This nail polish is just plain fun. I love looking at my hands when I have this polish on!
6172	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I put this on in the morning and didn't put on any makeup since I planned on staying home.  My skin felt soft all day, but also just a tad greasy.  After washing my face before bedtime, I applied this and wore it to bed.  My skin felt well hydrated in the morning.  I will continue to use this product and post any new results.
This clipper makes a much neater, more precise cut than the cheap drugstore clippers. This is where that Henckels' precision makes a difference. I have thin nails and have had issues when clipping my toe nails because the cheaper models can sometimes crack or split them. This clipper made a perfect, clean cut straight across.

4287	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am not sure exactly how this works, but I like it!  I like the way my skin looks after using this. I have had acne since I was 11 and I am now 34.  This stuff makes my pores look smaller and I have not have as many breakouts.  Between this and my retin-A micro I feel like I hit the jackpot.

I also used less makeup, just a smidge of CC here and there and a bit of concealer. The plumping of the skin made my skin look more radiant than usual. ME, Radiant???
I do not have waterproof makeup but I thought it took off my mascara decently. I would go over my eyes one more time with my eye makeup remover.  I also felt like it made my eye lids stick (I could feel it when I blinked) .  I don't have anything negative about it that I noticed after trying it for a week.  I used it with a round makeup wipe and I defiantly would see lots of makeup on it.  I would use this as an after facewash / after shower type cleanser / toner and not as my face wash alone.
I used it on my face, one hand and wrist. I was not only impressed by the color and coverage, but by how water resistant it was. I wore it on my face and had to wash it off with a little soap or makeup remover after about six hours. (I tried both. They both worked.) On my hand it lasted just a few hours, but I washed my hands several times and was impressed by how long it did.
This is good micellar water for oily skin.  It has a light scent, removes my makeup & does not irritate my skin.  I often use this to clean my skin on days I am not wearing makeup. I don't feel the need to rinse with water after using it but it does leave a light scent behind.  I do use this water on a cotton pad to remove makeup although it does not remove waterproof makeup as easily as the Garnier micellar with the blue cap.

The active ingredients in Coola Cucumber Sunscreen are Avobenzone (2%) and Octinoxate (2.1%).
A great product!
2567	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This masque is for very dry, thick or frizzy hair.  Several month ago, a bad dye job ruined my hair, and I hoped this would tame my hair until it could grow out enough for me to remove the damaged parts.  Upon opening the jar, I immediately noticed a delightful aroma.  This masque is very thick (almost solid), so I didn't need much for my hair.  You can use it for daily conditioning (leave on hair for 5 minutes) or intense conditioning (20 minutes).  I chose the intense conditioning.  The first use didn't make my hair silky or shiny, but it did leave it manageable and frizz free.  Even more amazing, my hair was still manageable and soft after a second shampooing.  Each time I use this, my hair looks better.
3861	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Your nails will grow super fast and strong.  Used this for over 6 years now and I look like I have fake nails.  Before this product they would chip and break easily.  It's a MUST HAVE for sure!
2083	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's a very pretty color, and it has smooth application.  I put 3 very thin coats on and my nails look flawless.  In sunlight, the silver shimmer is very beautiful, but still subtle.  It's a very summery feminine polish. The color looks like a shimmery less pastel version of Coral Reef by Sally Hansen.  I painted my nails with Sunday Funday last night and they haven't chipped 24 hours later.  Usually I chip polishes fast because my nails are in awful condition from school, work, guitar, and piano.  But it's held up so far with a top coat.  Definitely in my top 5 favorite polishes out of the 50-something I have.
7351	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The older one gets, the thinner the hair, especially for light-complected people like me. Also, when aging one tends to pay less attention to fine details like the eyebrows.
1471	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Watery and green is a neon green. Unlike pic.
6350	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Mario Badescu Rose hips Nourishing Oil was tried by my wife so these are her descriptions and reaction upon using the product. She is very particular on what she puts on her skin. She generally swears by Emu oil, coconut oil and sesame seed oil.

9512	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I don't have wrinkles but I do get dry skin, and this is a great prep for eye makeup so I don't get dry/cakey. The texture is smooth and spreads easily. A little goes a long way and this bottle will last a long time. The scent is a light, feminine rose fragrance. I would repurchase.
1066	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This setting powder really surprised me. It gives me a great finished look when I put this on after applying the rest of my makeup. It keeps my makeup looking fresh all day long rather than smudgy or tired looking by the afternoon. It's been a treat to use during the hot summer days for keeping my makeup looking good no matter how hot it gets.
3111	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This would be a five star product, but you get a very small amount considering the price you pay for the bottle. If you do the math this bottle works out to be around $1.80 per ounce whereas something like the Jack Black All Over Wash is about a $1.40 per ounce and is equally as good if not better. I would definitely prefer a bigger bottle that was cheaper per ounce. It does clean your body very well and the smell is amazing so points there. The packaging is also very attractive and feels high quality. Not bad, but for the money I'd recommend getting the All Over Wash from Jack Black.
This balm immediately helped my skin feel hydrated and moisturized. It's a little too expensive for me to buy as a regular beauty item. At almost $80 a bottle I could not afford this regimen just to keep my neck looking younger. So unless you have a pretty thick budget then this really wouldn't be a practical product for you. Four stars for a very luxurious product but minus a star for the exorbitant price and the fact that I didn't really see any results after using the entire bottle except for a smoother and  hydrated neck area.
I really like the consistency of this product. It goes on smoothly and blends extremely well. Honestly, it does take away a bit of the scars redness all on its own. For full coverage, I require a skin-matching concealer over top of it, but the disappearing act is much better with this product acting as a base.
8925	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this facial spray! Great for sensitive skin.
Allow to dry or hit it with the hair dryer!


new life, back youth ;)
5351	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice eye cream, loaded with goodies.  I wake up with refreshed looking eyes.  This has no fragrance which is a bonus.  Do wish it came in a pump, but still love it.  I also use the Sleepwear moisturizer on my face.  Bioelements is a very good line.
5303	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the anti-redness serum. I have rosacea and this serum helps it tremendously. I highly recommend this product and line.
There are adjustable settings for the temperature on here-it's a dial-set it once and then leave it alone. Not like electronic ones where you have to reset it every time you use it. I do wish this had an auto off feature, that's my one thing I want that newer irons have. The barrel on here is the PERFECT size for most hair types. It gives the loose barrel curl type, the "Victoria's Secret Curl" a lot of girls are after. The longer you hold the curl, the better longevity you will get. I have experimented with this thing for years and gotten tons of variety with it.
Overall, I like this, but I don't think it is going to end up being THE shampoo for me.
3591	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a product i apply nightly, it helps elimate most new flare ups by morning. Although it is effecient, it is gentle and painless on sensitive skin. This is my favorite product from Mario.
1097	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	From the female of the family. You can use this setting powder for a number of Dermablend makeup products. I got it to go with the company's liquid leg makeup, as it was transferring to sandal straps, shorts hems, etc.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Dermablend-Leg-and-Body-Makeup-Liquid-Foundation-with-SPF-25-for-Medium-Coverage-All-day-Hydration-45N-Medium-Bronze-3-4-fl-oz/dp/B06XNRS7XV/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Dermablend Leg and Body Makeup Liquid Foundation with SPF 25 for Medium Coverage & All-day Hydration, 45N Medium Bronze, 3.4 fl. oz.</a>.
2167	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is better than Head Slick which is what I used before this.  I did use a brush and bowl and it really makes a difference totally lathering all sides of the whiskers.  I could not be happier with this and my new Merkur 180.
2468	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Used products for 5 yrs. Not one of my favorites.

Its way to strong to be used everydays .
4744	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have always had baby fine hair, so have tried loads of products over the years that promised to give me thicker, fuller hair. I wasn't expecting much when I tried Jack Black True Volume shampoo, but I've been pleasantly surprised.
3670	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really help detangle and leaves my hair shiner without feeling oily.
Over the years I've found this to be true with virtually all tools of trade and recently bought him a pair of $700 Kamisori shears for $265 with free shipping to boot. As for the curling iron it arrived in it's sealed retail packaging and again with a Prime membership you get free two day shipping to boot.

Gentle -- not sure of the actual glycolic acid content as it isn't specified, but I used this daily without any redness or irritation

5773	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product - no doubt about it. I have another review for a different phyto product which I switched to - the growth serum. This is great for hair density and growth which is why I originally purchased it. I know that the product is marketed for diminishing grays but I color my hair often and its difficult to assess the impact its had for that.
Cons:
The reason I knock off one-star is because the bottle seems rather small for a body-wash, whereas others that are marketed toward men have much more product and cost less.

It's not gonna stay on overnight. It's not going to stay put on the sides or back under a hat. I've even tried holding spray and it will work but I personally have to gel my hair so hard that it's not favorable all the time. Those are the only downsides. Take it from me and my friends..it works and its amazing :)

8109	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff! It looks incredibly flattering with just about anything, giving my skin a nice warmth without looking like I ate a sloppy Joe. It lasts quite long if you put a nice coat on, and does not migrate to the edges as other balms and glosses can do. It is not at all sticky, either. It has a nice sheen, not too greasy, more satiny. It has a mild natural fruity flavor.
3529	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I did not purchase this on Amazon, I paid $9 u.s. dollars for this and it's awful on preserving the French manicure, it turned my nails green, even in very thin layer, which I only applied one, then the shiny top coat, not impressed, was excited being it is CND but it's terrible, returned to OPI, my French manicure is brighter and healthier looking
8299	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My first bottle of butter LONDON nail polish is a gorgeous mauve-pink shade with pearlescent/metallic overtones.  The bottle wouldn't open until I saw that it was sealed with a special sticker and you have to pull off the cute rectangular top to get at the real top that unscrews to reveal the brush.  Clever!  Also no leaks.

I know a fragrance is a personal choice, and hard to buy without experiencing the top, mid, and low notes. I would (and do) wear this in the morning, and on a (sometimes) Red Carpet at night. Just perfect!
6629	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really like using it. It heats up fast, has a good maount of heating settings and is easy to use.
4163	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	You get what you pay for.
good for burns too.

6183	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great! This stuff is great. I use it when I'm not quite up to the MB glycolic acid toner (which is also great, but stings my face uncomfortably so I'm sometimes reluctant to use it). Makes my skin feel really clean without drying it at all. Smells amazing, very natural and not like chemicals.
Overall, I can't recommend this razor highly enough. Merkur is like the Mercedes Benz of shaving. Generally sleek, stylish, technically wonderful. My only note would be- throw the included blade in the trash, or use it for projects. Merkur blades are usually garbage. I recommend Derby HD blades for beginners, and Feathers for pros.

6625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice
6653	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The only brand I BUY FOR HAIR TOOLS

I like that the serum is thick and stays where you put it.  I have to say that I was surprised at how moisturizing it was when most blemish creams leave skin dry and peeling.  The description also says that you can use this kind of like a lotion, but I don't know if I would like that since it doesn't really seem to get absorbed by your skin, just kind of sits on top of it.
5674	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have about spot in the middle top of my head and I'm always looking for ways to conceal it sometimes I click in Hair extensions and other times a black permanent marker. this is good for on the go or a night out. If your brush your hair too much it will come out by if you're out at night usually don't do that anyway.
I'd highly recommend!  I love colors that remind me of water and this water is perfect.
Complex? Not to me - just too much going on to make out any structure, theme or notes. It's a muddled, sweet mess on me, probably due to the deadly mix of jasmine, LOV and freesia, which I infrequently wear well. Yah, I catch the amber-vanilla base, but there's too much going on otherwise in this cloying, sweet, white floral.
Pevonia products are so worth the money.
2617	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the smell of this perfume! I love the mix of floral with some woody notes. A fresh scent that  is not overpowering.
7218	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Jane Iredale  products and am never disappointed this was perfect. packaged well I will buy  J.I. again.
You definitely want to go to the DermaBlend site to do color match & see what product works for you.
5362	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Trust me when I say a little amount goes a long way, otherwise you might look like I did the first time - like you had just applied a green facial mask.
Ive tried most of the scents theyve released.  A lot of them tend to be sweet, but stick to Natural Mint or Shea Butter for a neutral scent.  One great thing about the mint is that peppermint on your lips has been found to reduce hunger.  And Ive actually found that to be the case for me.  So that scent might be good if you are on a diet.  Another positive is that you can leave it in your car in hot weather, because it won't melt like a balm stick.
The cleanser lathers lightly and has quite a pleasant smell. I wasn't sure with the lemon, cherry, aloe, sage and other ingredients but they blend well together. The scent doesn't tend to linger for long after use either which is fine by me. A big pro is this skincare product is all-natural. I will continue to use it after such positive results and am eager to see what else if offered in this skincare line.

2340	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have always had oily skin, so I have to be careful about moisturizers - they can so easily make my skin look shiny.  Even with the best products, I generally have to use a matteifying gel like the one by MAC a couple of times throughout the day to dull the shine on my nose and forehead, so shine is something I know a little about.  The first day I used this Baxter moisturizer my skin looked nice and shine-free immediately afterwards, but the best part was when I went in the bathroom at lunch to apply some matteifying gel to my face - I discovered that I wasn't shiny!  That rarely happens, but each day that I used the Baxter, my skin made it all the way to the end of the workday before I had to apply the MAC gel.
1801	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	so pretty
7759	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this and my skin feels like I just got a facial!  I recommend it for sure!  Love PCA Skin

772	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	While I would not call this a classic like Drakkar Noir, Obscession, etc, it still is quite good.  I doubt anyone would hate it but I think very few would be ecstatic about it.
5591	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	makes my hair look full
Warning...spray lightly. You can always spray more if desired. When I first tried this, I sprayed too much.  It was strong & gave me a  mild headache.
6908	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These pads are one of the single best values in mens care you can buy.  You get 60 of them for about $21.  What you don't realize until you get them is that they are HUGE.  The picture makes you think of a Stridex (or similar) package.  These pads are easily 2 times bigger than your normal round facial pads.  In fact, they are so big that what I do is keep scissors in the bathroom and cut them in half.  A half of one of these is as big as a normal pad and will easily do your whole face.  You can essentially double the value by doing this.

5844	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This may be a pricey item, but after purchasing it 12 months ago and using it once a week every week, there is about a half bottle of product left.  In the bottle it looks a little darker nude than it is when applied. This is a fast drying product but wait about 10 minutes for the surface to become really hard, then you have a good base for 2 coats of nail polish (wait 10 min between each) and finally (after 10 min) apply Butter London Top Coat.  The base coat and top coat can be purchased in a set on Amazon--good idea.  I use this with China Glaze, OPI, Orly and Butter London with wonderful results--smooth, long lasting and professional looking results.
3418	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great color.  I love it.
8717	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice.  Just the right amount of coverage and weight for me during the day.  Good price, too.
3803	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Really dried out my skin. It cleaned my face just fine, but I felt dry after instead of refreshed and renewed.

1590	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color is just got it few days ago and it looks amazing
7810	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very nice.

The ingredients are Aqua (Water,Eau),Glycerin,Propylene Glycol,Dimethicone,Carbomer,Gingko Biloba Leaf Extract,Panax Ginseng Root Extract,Triethanolamine,Dimethiconol,Caprylyl Glycol,Cyclopentasiloxane,Ethylhexyl Cocate,Hexylene Glycol,Sodium Chloride,Phenyl Trimethicone,Glycolipids, Lecithin,Phenoxyethanol,CI 42090 (Blue 1),CI 19140 (Yellow 5).
I am very happy with this deoderant. I like that it is fragrance free and that is works all day for me. It is not an antiperspirant so if you are looking for something that will help with perspiring excessively, this will not help you, But for most people with normal perspiration, this is worth a shot, It sure works for me.
3753	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this based on reviews and am really disappointed with it! The edges dull, don't care what you do, they dull and well the filing stops there!
6690	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT! Curls stay and last! I bought this on the recommendation of an eHow webcast. Right price and it works beautifully!!
Consistency isn't too thick or shiny. It won't make a man look like he is wearing lip gloss. I've been buying these for my son and husband for a few years now. They are always happy to receive them. It is a nice "manly" sophisticated looking tube.
1636	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color would go with anything for any season! It's the perfect lilac, not to light not to dark! Very shiny finish, but I always put my favorite Seche Vite, the only dry fast top coat I use! This polish lasted a long time. I needed 2 coats but if you want it to be a little deeper color, I put 3 on. It dries quick. The formula is really good. I love Zoya polishes along with OPI, and ESSIE and China Glaze my 4 top polish brands!!
Packaging suggests you use this product twice a week. I've tried this twice with no adverse reaction. Au contraire! This is a really nice product.
This is a small, 2 oz bottle, but a little goes a long way. A small dot is all I need to apply to my entire face. It is thick, creamy, and has a very light scent. It feels a little greasy when it goes on, but it is quickly absorbed. Without makeup, it leaves my skin with a glowing look. And while I use makeup sparingly, it works well under makeup as a base and lasts all day.

9756	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This moisturizer reminds me a lot of Philosophy's Hope in a Jar, which used to me my holy grail moisturizer.  It has a sweet but subtle lemon scent that I loved, and even though it is thicker than most moisturizers, it blended into my skin easily .  It did leave my skin feeling slightly tacky to the touch for about an hour after applying it. That wasn't a problem under my liquid foundation (L'Oreal True Match LUMI), but I wasn't willing to try it with my Bare Minerals loose foundation since I could tell it would 'stick' in patches, so I'll be sticking with my Bare Minerals Purely Nourishing Moisturizer when I wear mineral foundation.
What I like best are the "natural juices" and oils it is made from, which include: white grape juice, aloe juice, shea butter, etc. I also like the fact that it does not contain parabens, petroleum, silicones, and other un-pronounceable ingredients.
Four stars for being a really good night cream.  Less one because its not an exfoliator, like it claims.  If thats what you want, purchase a product that is made just for exfoliating.
2427	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wouldn't use anything else! Recommended from my dermatologist.
8834	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Petroleum jelly like "ointment" that, if you rub into the cuticle area regularly keeps them from getting out of hand.  Since it's kind of sticky, need to massage it in.  There's quite a bit in here so it lasts a long time.
Skin brightening- this is more obvious. I have a largish freckle on the tip of my nose, and it is noticeably lighter. It's not gone, but I can actually camouflage it with make up now without pulling out the serious concealer.
The directions are simple. Apply your usual nighttime moisturizer before applying the drying lotion. Make sure you allow your moisturizer to dry thoroughly before applying the drying lotion. Then, dip a qutip in the bottle of drying lotion, and apply it to problem areas on your face. Make sure to buy extra long qutips because regular qutips barely reach the bottom of the bottle. Once you have used about half of the product, you are going to want an extra long qutip.

Still, I liked this scent and was interested to see how it developed on my skin.  Unfortunately, it became more subtle rather than more complex.  Although I liked the fragrance, as time wore on, I could barely detect it on my skin.  It was certainly a pleasant, soft fragrance, but quite light.
The two things I dislike are the scent, which smells a bit like old-lady cold cream - not unpleasant, but a bit more perfumey than I like, and the cap, which is fiddly and hard to get back on once you've moisturized your hands.
3269	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good product but not better then burt's bees
6177	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works well
4580	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always loved this formula and the shampoo.  The other products do not smell the same and do not work as well for me.  I wish I could find this formula in the shampoo, conditioner, and leave-treatment at my local stores, but no one seems to carry it anymore.  Definitely the best products are these original ones...
I have dry skin and lips, so I usually steer clear of tinted balms since I like to layer it on several times a day, and other products tend to cake on dry spots, or oversaturate my lips with color so I look like I did when I used Bonnie Bell products excessively in middle school. With this, the color is so sheer and high quality that even if you re-apply for extra moisture, it still stays natural-looking and smooth. You can even wear it on top of lipstick if you want to subtly play with colors.
Final verdict: Great daytime moisturizer unless you wear powder foundation. Maybe not the most hydrating nighttime moisturizer unless you have very oily skin. But give the Juice Beauty Green Apple Age Defy Moisturizer a try if you have drier skin
I am very happy with my purchase, and am excited to continue to use this wash to hopefully see continued results. I would definitely recommend trying out this cleanser to anyone looking for a solution to their acne.

4049	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This makeup remover is fantastic for removing eye makeup.  It works well for foundation as well, but not as well as it does for mascara and eye shadow.  I like to use a foaming facial cleanser for my face, and an oil type remover for my eyes.
9571	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Calvin Klein Euphoria for Men Liquid Gold EDP is a modern version of a spicy and woody oriental fragrance. It was launched in 2014 but initially sold mostly in Middle Eastern/South Asian markets, as it does have notes that are more popular in those markets. If you'd just asked me to sniff the perfume and guess the house, I would have never guessed CK as they're known for more summery, lighter, citrusy fragrances. This is pretty intense - harking back to Obsession days.
9284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my new favorite bronzer. I love matte finish and the product is highly pigmented so a little bit goes a long way. My skin tone is on the light-medium spectrum and I think the colors looks nice on my skin. I was using NARS Laguna before this and prefer this one because it does not have any sparkle in it. I would definitely purchase this again.
8855	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased several of these candles after having received one as a gift.  This scent was new for me and I wasn't disappointed!
Anyway, this makeup lasts all day, and it feels really silky on my face, and the most important part is that it doesn't look sticky, or grassy. Also, it didn't smear my clothes, which is another thing that is a deal breaker with me when it comes to makeup foundations. Because all of this, I think this it's a good foundation, but it won't hide skin's imperfections.

Phytokeratine: A lightweight mask that adds body and shine. This one also comes in a small tin container.
5745	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Hair gel products are hit and miss with me. My hair is very thin with no wave so its anyones guess whether a product will be effective with me. I ordered  this product because I really liked Baxter's facial mask. The bad news is this product just didn't work for me. It is very greasy no matter how little you happen to use. I tried it several different ways and it just came up short. This is not to say the product might not be great on someone else. It just didn't work for me.
3380	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	THE MOST AMAZING COLOR EVER! This is a soft pink with subtle glimmer, just classy and elegant.

7129	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
7598	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Top of the line immediate results


This stuff is not magic, it is science & it has been around for a long time.  The micelle surfactant molecule is suspended in liquid/water and kind of grabs on to the dirt/oils/makeup on your face & doesn't allow it to stick on your face.  (That is my simple, non-scientist explanation.)  There is no irritation - even around eyes.  And the skin actually feels clean without rinsing with tap water.  When you use it, it seems like you are just using regular tap water except it actually dissolves/grabs the goo/makeup off your face.
8775	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love it
3566	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	AMAZING elixir of the gods. This stuff moisturizes at the same time as drying out large, hormonal acne and smaller bumps under the skin. To use it you shake the bottle, mixing the sediment at the bottom into the alcohol solution. I squeeze a few drops on forehead, nose, cheeks, and chin then rub in to normalize the coverage. If you don't apply evenly it will dry and get chalky on the skin, so I don't recommend this before applying makeup. This would be better for night use after washing your face. I apply it before bed and leave it on all night.
When your hairdresser marvels at how good your hair looks, you know you've got a real solution to your problem.
5974	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this color is just fantastic!!!  it is just the right shadw of dark blue to dress up or down.....Love it!!!
1814	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	It was NOT THE COLOR SHOWN NOR WHAT I expected...its a brown/gray

226	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color, natural and elegant. OPI is great nail polish and this is my go-to color.
3312	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is luxurious. It goes on smooth and has a natural feel. I used it under lip gloss. I love the colors.
2613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	ETERNITY is a classic perfume that still holds up well. It is a floral scent with some sensual tones as well. I think it's also a fun gift item now because it's mentioned in the current top 40 Fallout Boy song Uma Thurman. Pleased with the purchase.
5121	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good for blow drying and flat ironing, smell is somewhat overwhelming.
8913	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells amazing and feels great on the skin!
1813	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color!  Love it!

4760	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A must for shavers with sensitive skin.  A little bit goes a long way.  This is all I use for shaving when I use a blade.
6845	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As described!

9850	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Avenue night cream it's so light and fluffy!! It's just the right weight for a light night cream!! Great seller easy & quick to get!!
When used as directed, the bottle should last a bit long than you might expect (it is a pretty small bottle for the price). Moreover, no one ever regrets adding more natural/organic/vegan/cruelty-free products to their regimen.
1330	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product every day and love the way it helps to cover the thin spots in my hair.  I will order it again.
782	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was super worried when I ordered this that the color would be too pinky for my reddish toned skin but this has a really nice tint to it.  I use Vincent Longo Water Base before application.  I tried three ways to use this:  Once with a foundation brush (which was awkward) and then with a dry sponge, finally with a damp sponge ( I used a face cloth to take most of the water out of it).  The best application was with a lightly damp sponge.  This provides a light coverage and if you are looking for something heavier, this probably won't work for you.  I can see that this will be amazing for summer when I have a bit more oil in my very dry skin.  I did really like how this felt (super light) and how it looked once I got the hang of a good application.  I normally use a liquid foundation so this was a bit of a change for me.
4040	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I tried another brand of micellar water and was not impressed. It was quite literally like cleansing my face with plain water, and it took several cotton pads to get my face clean even though I don't wear foundation. I decided to give this one a shot, as I've had a good experience with Vichy's moisturizer.
Since this has a SPF 30, I also put this on the back of my hands after putting on hand lotion. My hands look smoother, and minimalize any brown spots .
If you need a lathering cleanser you may not like this.  But I find this to be perfect for my needs.  I really love this and would absolutely buy it.

8692	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Mario Badescu Rose Hips Nourishing Oil is a very small bottle of facial oil.
3528	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great base coat! Truly protects my nails unlike others.
I have given this one star.  If you have very oily skin and perhaps don't mind it being a strong cleanser, then perhaps you would like it.  For us, it really is rough on our skin and it just leaves us too uncomfortable to rate it higher than that.
I liked that this did not leave my hair feeling crunchy.  I found that it was not as soft but I didn't have to fuss with it as much.


467	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have Asian light skin, and this color blends in well. It's great to even out skin tone and very slight blemishes. However, it won't conceal red blemishes or age spots that well. So as a concealer, it doesn't work too well. It's best as just a light foundation to keep the skin from looking too shiny. The nice thing about this product is that it does have some sun screen capabilities, so that you don't have to forgo the sun screen when using foundation. As for the product itself, it's extremely hard and dry. I don't use any makeup sponges because it's too dry. I just use my fingers to try to blend it in.
569	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Many years ago I learned from a makeup artist that the best way to apply most foundations, and to cover-up one's skin imperfections, it was to apply it in layers. Letting each layers fully air dry before applying the next. I found out that the best way to apply this one is using my fingers, to smooth the cream over my skin. So, following that method I applied three layers of this Dermablend foundation. And while I like the smooth look of my skin, I could still see my freckles. And hiding those it was the main reason I ordered this foundation.
2582	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff, its not harsh on my oily skin so I can use it every night, aroma is great, leaves my skin feeling fresh and tingly.
8561	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Keeps your face feeling soft and clean. I've used it for five years along with R2 cream.
After my shower this morning, I decided to try this out on my face just to see what it smelled like and how well it worked at simply deep cleaning my skin. I saturated a cotton ball and wiped my face, under my eyes, nose and forehead with it. I was quite surprised at how dirty the cotton ball was even though I had moments before washed my face quite thoroughly while taking my shower,


Laura is very fruity at first -- I smell watermelon and peach. On me, these soon dissipate, leaving something a little darker, yet still appealing -- violet and sandalwood. Other scents that are in there, but not detected by me are lychee, freesia, iris, vanilla, vetiver, amber and musk. (Vetiver -- new to me -- is a grass, known as khus in India.)

9790	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't like to spend a lot of time on a skin care management routine. Nia24 is simple: Cleanser and this wonderful Skin Strengthening Complex lotion. The routine happens once in the morning and again at night before bedtime. I've seen outstanding results with this product. It isn't greasy and it evens out skin tone, fades sunspots, and prevents further sun damage if you're someone who spends a lot of time outside. The lotion doesn't get in the way of applying make-up if you like to use foundation or other facial beauty products. I"ve used it for 5 plus years. I admit I've deviated and tried other products over that time, and I've found some good items. However, I keep coming back to this skin creme for my moisturizer, so that says a lot about how much confidence I have in this product. It's excellent.
It pumps out well and has a minty smell, sort of like other products that have Tea Tree Oil but perhaps more minty. If lathers, cleans and rinses out well, but if you leave it on too long, there's a definite tingling sensation on your scalp. To me, I like this part as it gives you a sense that it's working. Indeed, your hair comes out completely clean - though in my case, perhaps a little too clean. I have dry, brittle hair and although the Baxter of California shampoo helped get it thoroughly clean, it did tend to make my hair even more dry and brittle looking than it usually is, even when I use a good conditioner after shampooing.

The lotion is fantastic. As I've gotten older, my t-zone has gotten worse (more oily) and this does a great job of restoring moisture without being heavy or greasy looking. Super bonus: it is totally unscented. Score.
8818	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Some other reviewer said it felt like spreading yogurt on your face.  That's true, and like yogurt it's not going to take your makeup off. Be prepared to wash your face a second time with something else.  Nobody's got time for that, or at least I don't.  No noticeable improvement.
I wasn't sure what to think about this product when I first poured some onto my palms---it is an "oily-feeling" treatment, and I feared it would make my baby fine hair look greasy. In fact, I knew I'd put too much onto my hands, and wiped some of it away, so a little will go a long way (this product will last me forever!). I then worked the infusion from about ear-length down to the ends into my just-washed hair--I did not put any at the roots. Then I blow-dried with a round brush. At first, I didn't think it did much, but when I walked out of the bathroom, my guy said, "Wow! Your hair looks beautiful! What did you do differently?" He ran his fingers through it, "it's soft and silky - sexy!"


8041	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for 4 years now.  I love it so much.  Easy to apply and helps cover up my embarrassing situation.

9423	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you are struggling with acne you have to buy this line-  I never run out! I went to school for esthetics and I recommend to all my friends


I found the product to be non-irritating, and I honestly liked it.  This also works well on the arms and feet.  You don't finish up smelling like after shave, so I have nothing to complain about.  It's great scrub and priced well.  I recommend this product for men or even women.
3240	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Whoa this stuff is awesome! I just received it a few days ago so I can't speak to the whitening effects quite yet, but the minty taste, texture, packaging, etc is great! A perfect gift too- I just ordered three more for family members as stocking stuffers. I've heard great things about the quality of Marvis toothpaste, so I'm really looking forward to seeing how it works!
8333	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This eye cream has helped the bags under my eyes so much! I apply every night before bed. Love this stuff! It is thick thats why I use it at night.

Must admit that I use it in combination with ' it's a 10"  miracle leave-in product. Because my shoulder length hair tangles easily in the shower, I apply a few drops of "it's a 10" after shampooing and rinsing. Then I comb it through, eliminating all the tangles. Out of the shower I dry it slightly, and then apply a teaspoon of Super Skinny Serum, starting with the ends. The result is hair which holds its shape very well and shines brilliantly.
These other reviews are way too kind.
3783	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this stuff! haven't had a blemish in 6 months. can sting the eyes, make sure you wash off well.

9203	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is useful as it described.
1079	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this is a great setting powder for me. Comes with application sponge in the bottom of the compact, and the compact itself has a mirror in it so could be applied if you were traveling with it.  Small does not take up a ton of space. Easy clear directions, sets my foundation nicely and lasts all day. I love it
That said, I'm having to pass this on to my Teen daughter because a) I find it irritates my skin, and b) my daughter wears a lot more eye makeup than I do.
Its definitely on the thick side, but it is a serum. I applied it to my entire face and it seemed like it took awhile to truly absorb. My face certainly felt fresher in the applied areas. Since I haven't had a blemish since Ive owned it and used it, I can only say it does moisturize well and I haven't had a breakout in any way.

3265	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	kinda expensive, not sure if it's worth it. but it did heal my lips
2014	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So bright. It did last. Everyone gave me compliments on the color. I'll be wearing it next spring and summer again!

6439	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this serum, and notice a definate difference in the skin on top of my hands, which was starting to look crepey.  I've tried it on top of moisturizer and on it's own.  For me - it's too much in the hot humid climate I live in to have both a sunscreen moisturizer on and this product during the day.  Although I used the serum sparingly, it still felt sticky and tacky and I had to wash it off after an hour or so.  However, I do use it at night over my moisturizer with no problems. I do notice that the fine lines on neck and mouth are softened.  As I said, I also use it on the thin skin on my hands and have noticed a big difference, much more than using the hand cream alone. There is no odor to this product that I can detect.
2871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love all of the Lanza products but especially love Healing Color Care to help protect my hair from the daily damage of blow dryers and curling irons. A little goes a long way.
5736	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  It does exactly as it says.  It covers your balding spots and makes your hair appear fuller.  If you are losing hair but still have some strands of hair that this product can cling to, then this is for you.  If you attempt to put this product on bald skin, then forget it, you will look ridiculous.  This product needs some hair to cling to and believe me, it will appear fuller and no one will be able to tell. You can comb your hair after putting this on, but don't rub your head too much or else it will come off little by little.  But it beats buying a hair piece or hair transplant.
I beat up my hands (I'm an artist and a cook and I work constructing sets sometimes) So, my hands get BEAT UP. This nail polish really lasts. I will say it does this weird thing where it crackles in a way that doesn't chip the polish which is great even though looks a little funny. That took a long time to happen though.
2193	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to love this hair dryer because I was so impressed with reviews here and on other sites, and also, my hairdresser swears by it.  It is expensive, but the really professional Elchim can run into the hundreds of dollars.  I was also very impressed with the seller and the care they took in preparing the package and the speedy service.  The only problem with the hair dryer packaging is there are no instructions.  I had to go online and try to find out how to use it, and learned that it does give off a lot of heat so I was very careful to use the lowest settings so as not to damage my hair.  This meant it took ages to dry my thin hair.  Many said they found it heavy, but I didn't.  I also had to use the small defuser that came with it because if I didn't it would blow my hair into a wild mess.  What I did find was it left my hair shiny and soft and no frizzies.  However, that was the problem and the reason I ended up returning it--it left my baby fine, thinning hair too soft and flat. I have learned that hair dryers are tested on people with normal hair, and lots of it--if any are specifically made or tried on those of us with baby fine and thin hair, I just haven't been able to find THE one.  I hope I wasn't premature in sending it back because I must admit my hair was in need of highlights and color.  Oh well.
4980	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	All three products work as described.  The cleaner is gentle, the lotion is not greasy or sticky and the toner is refreshing.  The standout is the toner, which makes my skin feel REALLY good.  While the other 2 products work well, they are pricey and perform about as well as similar, less costly products (which is why I deduct a star.)
A bit of powder to set this takes down the slipperiness.  I prefer some of the other products in this line such as the powder foundation.  I have slightly oily skin and large pores and that worked better for me.
9368	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Salicylic Acid has always been an effective treatment for my adult acne and I was pleased to find a product that not only has .75% SA, but also has some natural ingredients that help control acne, like white tea  leaf extract and lemon juice. It also contains aloe juice which is good for calming skin.  This serum won't make existing blemishes disappear overnight, but does aid in preventing blemishes and keeping current ones under control.  It has been fairly gentle on my skin and doesn't over-dry with normal use.  I'm only using it on current blemishes and blemish-prone areas and am happy with the results so far.
4045	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this.i satuate cotton squares and apply it to my face.i let it sit for maybe twenty seconds.makup id gone
The mango smell is moderately strong when you're applying the sunscreen, but quickly dissipates.  I'm only using a bit on my face. I don't know how it would be if I slathered it all over my body.

1822	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the color.
2247	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Edit at 6 months --- I still love this lotion, which I use a little of every night. Too much feels tacky, but I use like a pea or half-pea amount, and it lasts a really long time. It's really resolved some dryness on the backs of my hands, and some cracking on the corners of some fingers.

3555	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very dry skin so I've always purchased hydrating cream cleansers, but once I turned 25 my skin went bananas and I started breaking out like I never had before, so I figured I'd try this product, as I really like a lot of Mario Badescu's products. I will say that the smell is weird, but other than that it's amazing. I use it with my Clarisonic, once a day, in the evening. It really makes my skin feel super clean and I haven't had any major breakouts since I started using it, and that's saying a lot as shark week (or aunt Flo) really makes my skin go crazy, and it doesn't dry my skin out, which is a big deal for me.
6284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Yes its $20 but I spend more on miller lite in 1 happy hour and this bottle lasts a few months. It doesn't have any harsh chemicals so its great for my sensitive skin. Their gentle skin cleanser is ok but I like this exfoliater better because it seems to scrub off more dead skin cells and prevent more ingrown hairs. Sometimes it makes my forehead dry if I scrub too much so be careful. If you're looking to prevent zits- I've found stress and diet (no greasy/oily/sugary foods or dairy products!) have more of an effect than face wash in my case. Just try eating healthy/clean for a week or 2 and you'll notice clearer skin!
8156	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to reorder another color, but it is no longer available, so tried this.  Beautiful Rosy red color.  Almost translucent, so color looks very natural.  Almost like you bit your lips and color came up with a shine. Very moisturizing but wears off easily.  I can't wear many because they dry too much.  Not this one.
2462	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Some masks are difficult to spread because they're too thick or firm. Not this one: this is a white cream that is easily smoothed over your entire face in just a minute. It dries quickly and is easy to remove afterward with a warm damp washcloth. Afterward, my face feels smooth and clean (and I follow with a serum and moisturizer). Note that if you apply nothing after the mask, there's a little bit of a satin-like sheen to your skin that remains after mask removal. The dispenser works well and there is a pleasing scent that is acceptable for both men and women. I have had no irritation or redness following every other day use. Highly recommend.
9670	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	True to its name. this is accurately a very rich body cream.  I have chronically dry skin as a result of two rounds of Accutane and this cream is perfect for me.  What I love about it is that it thoroughly moisturizes, but it also absorbs well and doesn't leave the skin feeling greasy or slippery. This is a real plus because with a lot of creams I find I have to avoid my hands or wait awhile for them to absorb because they make my hands too greasy to use or can make it hard to immediately put on clothes comfortably.  It does seem to be scented and I'm neutral about the fragrance.  It isn't a pungent fragrance though it isn't light either.  But it is definitely more noticeable than the dermatologist recommended lotions and creams which have a very subtle almost medicinal smell from whatever they are made with vs. an intentional perfume/fragrance smell.  I can't quite put my finger on what it smells like exactly but it is pretty neutral.  It does seem to be subtly feminine, but isn't as floral-y as other lotions out there.

960	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really love Hot Tools curling iron, especially this one! I have the 1 3/4" one that gives me lose curls but I just wanted one that gives my hair a straight out of the salon blow dry look so I decided to get this one. My hair has been a little damaged and frizzy from dyeing and this curling iron definitely did the job, giving me that smooth voluminous look! My biggest problem with using curling irons is that sometimes it gives my hair that rough/dry feeling afterwards, but this one definitely doesn't make my hair feel damaged at all! I was a little skeptical when I was deciding whether to buy this because I have a curling iron of every size already. I didn't know if I needed this one, but ever since I got this, I have been using it everyday :D. I am also a little amazed at the price because this definitely feels like top of the line quality for such a reasonable price.

8171	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical about this cream, even though I had read many good reviews.  After 2 weeks of use, my skin was transformed.  Nothing magical, but it evened out my skin tone, my huge pores look slightly smaller, & my skin looks more plump w/a nice glow.  It isn't greasy, which I really like.  Most creams are very greasy.  I have sensitive skin w/slight rosacea on my cheeks & this, I believe, has improved it.  No sensitivity either, like most skin care products.  I was using Kinerase for over 15 years,....but this works just as well, if not better, @ almost 1/2 the price.
The kit that comes with a smaller one of these, the lotion and the peel is a great deal as well.  I like the bigger bottle though, since I've been trying to wash my face every day to clear up the acne I've gotten this year.  Seems to be helping.
6323	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this cleansing cream, smells great.
5164	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So what's interesting about this is that my daughter and I had two very different experiences. I'm 38, she's 13. When I tried it I was very happy with how quickly the treatment helped my acne to go away quicker than it usually does. She tried it on a few of her pimples and she said it just dried them out but didn't make them go away - that her acne, she felt, looked worse.
  The soap is easily washed off.  It does not sting my flesh like some exfoliators have done.  My skin is left feeling moist, not dry and irritated.  According to the packaging, this soap is designed for ALL skin types.  The plastic bottles appearance is neither feminine nor masculine.  It is what I call gender friendly.  However, there wasn't any safety seal beneath the old-fashioned screw on cap.  It is difficult to rub a small amount into the palm of my hand.  It would have been better if the cap had a spout that lies flat with the top of the bottle.  You lift up the spout and squeeze out a small dollop of the cream.
Regarding the Marine Creme, I haven't found it to be of any use. Elemis boasts this as their most popular product but I can't understand why as I see no real benefit. In fact, my complexion was more congested after using this. Considering the massive price-tag, this earns it a very low rating.
6640	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had one of these for nearly 12 yrs and just got another one
1662	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It is a little brighter than I expected it to be. But that is only a personal preference. Wish they had the same color but slightly softer
3737	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect! Makes nails smoooth
1643	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a fun shade of bright pink. I use this in combination with Kissy and wow it makes my nails very pretty and my kids really notice .
No residue, absorbed quickly and left my face feeling clean and fresh.  I am excited to use this product daily.

7057	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I bought this after getting a facial where they used Bioelements products.  I have dry skin and I find this really helps keep my skin moist and soft.  I use it along with the Bioelements Sleepwear for eyes and it's a great combination together.  I would recommend it.
1254	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic cover for thin hair!
- doesn't clog pores.
1788	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color

3477	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat OPI polish and can't beat the price on Amazon!  A winning combination for me.
2942	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best shaving cream ever, its so smooth and leaves your face hydrated and smooth afterwards.
2335	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the standout of the Baxter skin care line. I've tried a number of moisturizers, from drug store to specialty items, and this is one of the best. There is no greasy feel, and it sinks into the skin quickly. My skin feels softer for having used it.
Followed by:
6557	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This facia spray is amazing ! I use it as a toner and for my dry skin it really works !!
7350	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	None better than L'Occitane Foot and Hand Creams!
You do not actually shake this on to your hair, but instead into your  part lines. Part your hair, hold the bottle at 45 degrees or so, and gently tap the fibers into the part while holding your other hand over your forehead to keep fibers off from there. You may have to do a quick wipe of your forehead with a tissue. If you have a lot of fibers on your forehead, you are tapping too much and too hard - or you didn't seal off 50% of the shaker with painter's tape. It does not take a lot to make your hair look fuller, just a tap-tap-tap and them move on to the next area.
7400	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I formerly used the Baby Quasar, Pure Silk with my LED light therapy. I have since replaced it with this product. The Pure Silk product is very good, but has a high percentage of hyaluronic acid. I am using a prescription hyaluronic acid preparation, thus have determined the Pure Silk is redundant.  I've read that a rich copper peptide preparation should be blue or green blue. In any event, this product has been well received by my skin. I will also take an opposing view from other reviewers insofar as I find the preparation to be entirely non-occlusive. I am prone to rapid pore clogging, and this product will not clog pores. I might also add I use this product in conjunction with two or three additional cosmeceuticals. As such, no direct attribution can be made as to efficacy. That said, I would highly recommend this product. It is important for me since I do multiple ablative and non-ablative procedures annually and cannot use preparations such as stabilized vitamin C to promote healing.
213	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice color of pink. True to color on web site. Lasted a long time without chipping after pedicure.
9046	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm so pleased with this hair dryer because it is not too loud and not too heavy and clumsy. Also it is not as expensive as the ones sold at the beauty supply stores. This dryer dries my hair so much faster than my old dryer and I really love the bright clean red color. The only drawback I have is that the grated vent gets blanketed in dust and needs to be cleaned very quickly. But its pretty simple to use a hair brush to brush it clean.
40	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm hard pressed to think of something more subjective to review than cologne. It's just one of those things you won't know if you like until you try it yourself. That said, I personally like this cologne. It has a nice, pleasant aroma that is not overpowering like other fragrances. My wife also likes the way it smells on me. I just use one spray on my neck - two seemed to be a bit too much.

266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i got don't bossa nova me around. more purple than i would like for a nude but still a pretty color


4929	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Didn't do anything for me - didn't change the appearance of my pores at all.

8155	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wasn't sure how opaque this product would be applied, being a former Accutane user it's never the same trying to find quality lip balm ever again. I really like Korres, and this seemed to be the closest to a natural lip color on me (I'm a guy, mostly just wanted the moisture not the color). Definitely does a great job of that, the only comparison I have is the Neutrogena Revitalift for lips. Most of them are also colored, but they have been the best at fixing nasty dry lips without resorting to greasy impractical Aquaphor.
It is a matter of taste, though; I like relaxing scents, and if you like brisk then you will like this better.  Aqua is more mellow.  I love them both, and please only squirt in the air and walk into it, because these are quite effective colognes.  1 spray on the skin can last 2 days.  You get your money's worth.
6223	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using Pevonia products for 20 years. Any time a try something else, for say savings or convenience, I regret it and return to the best match for my skin. Natural ingredients makes a difference.


39	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK.
4101	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for silver/gray hair and it does not tint your shower! Safe to use in a white spoteless bathroom.
8443	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Doesn't smell as orange as I thought it would, but great cleanser either way.
Great idea to have in your makeup bag AND the medicine cabinet.

This would be a 5 star product if the setting powder came with it, or was at least made known you had to have it.
I think it's tad pricey, but it's a great product and certainly cheap enough to try once.  Who knows - it may be your favorite and worth every penny!
Plus, I should add this important note: M + G offers as close and invigorating a shave as the famous Kiehl's White Eagle cream, but M + G has one clear advantage: it rinses much easier and cleaner from the razor.

8701	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My skin really likes this oil. I applied a few drops to my face and within a minute or two it was absorbed. After that I put on my regular night cream and my skin was happy and moisturized. The oil is a little thinner than I expected(messier) but otherwise I will continue to use it and update my review.
5079	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Smells nice but made my skin too oily...  Not sure if it was Pevonia's toner or this cream, or the combination of both, but my skin didn't like the ingredients and reacted adversely.
In its defense i do have oily skin (though this was suggested to me for the protection benefits). It doesn't smell bad and the texture is awesome. But my oily skin refuses to absorb it so it leaves me with a nice sheen - which by the way isn't actually super greasy which is awesome. Not the end of the world in a Boston winter BUT come summer this will have to go.
6295	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Mario Badescu skincare products for years because of their consistently good quality.  This Vitamin E lotion hydrates quickly, is easily absorbed but doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy.  I've used it on my very dry patches and the relief was immediate.  There's a subtle scent.
8025	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for over 10 years and I wouldn't be without it. If you can't afford hair transplants, then this is the way to go. Don't use any spray product!
It's a clear, thick liquid that lathers nicely - a little goes a long way. The smell is fresh - I can identify the tea tree oil  and grapefruit. It's completely appropriate for either gender (and doesn't linger in the hair anyway).
8759	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Makes my skin feel dry and itchy
One thing that helps give a nice touch over the powders and such is the Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray. The powders are probably quite wonderful for an oily skin type, for example; they are nice for a youthful complexion; and I believe they are going to look quite radiant on a woman with less-noticeable pores, and without wrinkle issues along with age and skin texture combined.  In my case I am fine, and safest when I am well-rested.


145	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My very favorite color for summer!!! OPI is the best polish anywhere! It lasts for weeks without chipping and usually covers in just one coat! Great company and product!
1232	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does the trick
9013	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It was bigger than I wanted. But still works wonderfully for other hair styles

1594	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a gorgeous color.  (Zoya colors always draw me in, though.)  It is maybe a touch darker than the product photo (but the photo definitely covers the metallic shimmer).
720	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with purchase!
5428	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cleanser is aimed at people who have acne, but it's a good, all-around facial cleanser for even those who don't have those issues. I appreciate the fact that it doesn't feel harsh (unlike some facial scrubs) and it doesn't dry out my skin. It has a smooth, gel-like consistency and once you add water, it foams up nicely.
TRANSLUCENT REVIEW: (See below for Warm Saffron review)
3292	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have barber-certified thick hair, at short-to-medium length. I only need about a double-pea-sized around of this pomade for a great finish that pays no attention to the windows being rolled down at highway speed. This is clearly real clay, and as some have said out of the jar it smells medicine-strong, sort of a musky green tea powder smell. This is not at all unpleasant, and once on the hair it's barely even noticed. If you have short-to-medium hair, and you either just need a good hold or a matte finish, this product is simply the best.
Even though this is called "Detox Face Mask," it is very hydrating.
929	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The In Touch Cream Blush in color named "Collection" seems to be the closest in color to the Pure Pressed Blush named "Dubonnet".
7396	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have baby fine hair, oily scalp with dry ends.  have used this in the past with his oil treatment.  This shampoo feels very minty and really cleanses the hair without stripping it.  It works well, I just wish it did not cost so much.  I would try the small one first to make sure you like it.

216	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great

Also if you like a razor that sings, this razor is for you. Obviously the higher dial option you go the louder the cutting sound.
As for sunscreen, it also does work, if that is what you are looking for.  I am not a big fan of this type of sunscreen, but I knew that this had it when I got it, so that is not an issue in my rating.
My only problem is that despite being wrapped in bubble wrap, the product leaked out into the mailing envelope. A seal on the top would have avoided this.
In terms of how well it works, I've seen noticeable improvement (with consistent use) in about a week. Seems to help keep my skin clear and I can definitely see the hyperpigmentation fading (some newer spots disappeared entirely already). Just make sure to use a sunscreen or you're basically starting all over again.
3381	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	must have!! works brilliantly and makes my polish lasts longer! this is great for winter pedicures when i need to put on my boots but don't want that gel pedicure! definitely recommend
3627	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First of all, this is a Vines review for PHYTO Mix and Mask Hair Trio. The Vines system is directing me to this product site and I cannot change it. I just want to say that I've used this hair system for a week now. My spouse declined to test it since she is very particular about what she uses on her hair. So, I am a guy and have a full head of gray/silver hair that is starting to thin. My hair is also somewhat dry during the cooler weather months. So I thought I would give it a try. I know these aren't cheap products, but I must say, my hair has never felt or looked better! I use the masks very sparingly after shampooing. I actually towel dry my hair, apply a combination of the 3 masks (you can determine what works best for you based on your specific hair conditions). I wait 5 minutes, then rinse. After a quick blow dry, I can literally feel and see a difference in my hair. It is fuller, shiny (or should I say lustrous?) and very soft. My spouse has remarked how much better it looks. And brushing is all I need to get it into a nice style for the day. I can honestly say that if you have dry, damaged hair, these masks can provide a solution that is gentle, and doesn't contain a lot of chemicals. The performance of my usual hair shampoo/conditioner pales in comparison.
6536	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love to use at night.
3305	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my first time using a hair perfume spray, it's not like putting perfume in your hair, it's a very light scent, not over powering at all!! It gives the smell as if you just washed it!! Or great for people who smoke and don't want to stink due to the smoke getting in your hair, lol.. It's light weight, doesn't weigh your hair down or get it oily.. When your done spraying your hair with hair spray, let the hair spray dry and just spray some in your hair, I just spray a mist on my left and right side and back, or if it's been 3 days since I washed my hair, I spray the same and I will brush it through to get it all in my hair and then my hair smells like I just washed it. I paid $15 it's not a big bottle, but it goes a long way! Cause you only put it on like in the morning or if your going out that night.. I love it!
9085	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Takes a while to heat up, but otherwise I love it.  It is extra long in length compared to my flat iron and curler wand, but I found an xo(eco) cover bag to fit it perfectly.

8265	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like all butter LONDON Nail Lacquer, Fruit Machine is GORGOUS! The color is soft, classy, & goes on in 2 coats.


1795	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect pedicure color.
8061	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was so pleasantly surprised at just how well this product works. I had previously used Great Hair Days powder and the Toppik fibers blows it out of the water! I have severe thinning of my hair in the front, due to weight loss and am very self conscious about it. This product has restored my confidence! It is easy to learn to use and gives a very nice finished look, I Highly recommend it! I WILL be buying it again. Good Luck all :)
1998	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice color my wife likes how easy it went on.  Not too bright not too plain.  A cool natural tone for every day.
2554	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This skin oil is fabulous - like a lightly scent perfume that wafts through the room and yet it is good for your skin.  Made with botanicals - I love it - leave it to the French to make something so wonderful
9389	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a nudey girl. This is beautiful. Has that beautiful shimmer throughout. Great formula.
2374	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Red Door puts Poison & Giorgio to shame. One spray will do or it will announce your arrival before you.
6559	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Elemis for ten years. Good skin care products are a great investment. You can search online to determine the right products for your skin. Buy from Amazon they have the best prices!
5481	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My husband has a spmewhat heavy beard and he likes this shave gel. He found IT gentle and soothing.  It ceratet an  adequate amount of fram and wholesome applied to the Facebook moisturized without leaving a greasy residue.

8500	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, love, love!  First product to be rich enough to compare to Kiehl's heavy cream I normally purchase.  Goes on smooth.
The product looks just like it does in the picture with 2 layers. I had to shake it pretty hard to make it stay combined long enough to pour some on a tissue to apply it. But it worked perfectly, so who am I to complain?
3983	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Vichy 3 in 1 micellar solution is similar to others on the market. It does a good job of cleaning the face of makeup and daily grime. I like the small bottle for travel and the pop top lid for easy dispensing of the fluid. I have sensitive skin and this product does not irritate my face or dry it out. Although you don't need to rinse it off, I often follow up with a wet wash cloth just because it's seems weird to leave a cleaner on your face. It does have a slight scent to it yet it is not overwhelming. I would get this product again.

6382	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this hand cream. It has a fresh scent and goes on smoothly with no lingering stickiness. However, I have very dry hands so I didn't find it to be as moisturizing as I had hoped, but in fairness I have yet to find any product that really does the trick for my extremely dry hands.
I put it on with a jacket, and the scent is still on the jacket days later.
823	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great value
5189	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This moisturizing cream smells very nice and has this rich texture when I lather It on my skin. It's oily without being sticky, and it works well on sensitive skin like mine. Even though it's meant to be a facial moisturizer, it works well on other parts of the skin as well.  The only issue I had was with this size--it's absolutely tiny, so you have to use it very sparingly and selectively.
There's no detectable odor and the product doesn't burn or sting.  The first time I used, it oversaturated a cotton ball and got some of this stuff in one of my eyes.  It produced a slight sting, nothing extreme.  Since then, I've been more moderate in the amount I use and have no irritation.  The skin around my eyes feels soft and clean, not dried out or oily.  There doesn't seem to be any residue left from this makeup remover.

This cream feels a little too thick for me for daytime use and I also prefer a moisturizer with SPF in it (I've been using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Eltamd-UV-Clear-SPF-46-48-Gram-1-7-oz/dp/B002MSN3QQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Eltamd UV Clear SPF 46, 48-Gram 1.7 oz.</a>&nbsp;for about a year and really love it), but I've been applying this Vichy cream over my Retin-A cream and night, and I like how it feels.  It sinks in fairly quickly and doesn't feel greasy, and has a light scent.
4232	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for year round.  Protect facial skin from sun damage!  I mix with SkinMedica Dermal Repair lotion before I apply any makeup.

2081	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	this nail polish, although Essie brand, is horrible quality. I don't know if it's the manufacturer or the distributor, but it went on like paint thinner, no shine, chipped after a day, very flat. I do not recommend.
6712	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought this because my girlfriend recommended it and she always has the most beautiful curls. Gets very hot, so a medium heat is perfect for my hair. Perfect curls in no time! Heats up quickly too!
My mother who's in her 50's  saw little change, but loved it as a before bed leave on product. She swore in the morning it filled in some of the lines. As thick as this product is, and as long as it takes to set in, I can very much believe that it does rejuvenate some of the dry lines in her face, though it was hard for us to notice anything... but she seemed to like it so thats something?
The one thing is the bottle is made of hard plastic so it's no very squeezable, but that by no means is a deal breaker. The product itself is wonderful.
Note: Would probably not work as well on bald heads or severe hair loss.
7794	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like the scent of this cleanser - sort of a mild citrus and fruit. It dispenses as a soft, creamy lotion texture and it doesn't require a lot to clean your face.

1536	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color is just got it few days ago and it looks amazing
8885	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the smell of this facial mist. It's nice to keep in the refrigerator for hot days or you just need a pick-me-up
It is so nice to wear tights, stockings, or nylons during the Winter to have confidence that leg imperfections will not be seen with dresses, and on ankles under pants above boots.  However, during cooler months especially, it is very nice to see perfect body skin peeking out of your clothing.  Not only does this product render a flawless airbrushed look, it is actually very resistant to liquid or rubbing off onto hands or clothing.  I absolutely loved the look when I put it on; and then darn, I was noticing in the light that my shade was a bit peachier than my actual sallow skin.  This might not be problematic for you with full-body applications, as for me on an occasional basis as desired; yet finding your closest match will save you a lot of bother, and will please you I believe.  As I have expressed that this product renders a nice, airbrushed look, and I believe even because of the staying power alone this Dermablend Pro product is worth looking into.
8811	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Serum comes out weird like a gel, but I actually really like it that way. I hate how watery serums are, but this goes on really smooth and leaves my skin soft. Also doesn't irritate my skin, which is a must.

I applied a thick coat and let it work its magic for about five minutes, before rinsing it off.  It "oxygenates" and the thick cream turns into little bubbles on your face as it goes to work.
5540	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I since died my hair and it works well with dark brunettes for medium brunettes. This also worked well in my fianc hair which he is Asian with black hair so color is definitely darker than expected ( got medium brown ). It came on easy like pepper shaker and apply straight on problem area it sticks and stays until you shower or sweat . Covered his thinning hair very well ! If you touch it with a brush it will move it does not stick so style hair then put it on as final touches . Hope this helps
9513	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	While I have been a fan of other Juice Beauty products, this one will not be my favorite.


6609	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	None better than a Hot Tools curling iron
2124	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a repeat buyer !!  Taste like a mellow green lifesaver, The Cinnamon is great too, Marvis makes great toothpaste.
852	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very nice scent that lasts, not overpowering though.  Lightweight lotion sinks in quickly, non-greasy.  Very pleasant overall and a generous 16.9 ounce bottle with pump dispenser.  A nice way to treat yourself or would also make a nice gift.
6587	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This was an add on. Still not really sure what it's for but I use it and love the smell!




Love the packaging, but just...d*mn. YO ADRIAN! LOOK AT MY BLACK EYES! This pencil was incredible, it made the smoothest line, so rich and deep and perfect! And then apparently I breathed, and it made the product go crazy running and sticking. I put this on before work, and I made the mistake of putting it under my eyes, and it wasn't long before I noticed some customers glancing upwards at my eyes in a funny way. As soon as I could get to a mirror, I was horrified to see just how badly this stuff spreads. I looked like Courtney Love on the Comedy Central Pamela Anderson roast! It didn't look any better as I took a kleenex and tried to do damage-control, it may run but it leaves behind a stain. OMG.

947	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like a blush of wine on your cheeks - love this color!!
6372	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Supposed to help with my type of skin. Does the opposite. I got itchy and broke out all over using this. It smells nice though. I wouldn't use it again.
The cream itself has a semi-soft solid consistency and absorbs well in the skin. It leaves the skin feeling supple and gives it a glow. If you gently cleanse and moisturize your skin every night - you're half way there anyway. Creams like this just help the process. When I had more time I would mix up stuff like this in the kitchen, my mom would give me the pure aloe vera from the plants she grew and I would mix in the essential oils and raw shea butter. Now with all the products available it's more convenient to purchase, and this cream seems to have more than the typical amount of natural ingredients.
I never knew that Dermablend products were suitable for my skin. So glad I've discovered them!
Enter the same product for Sensitive Skin.
It also takes of your eye makeup without stinging or drying the eye area.
2060	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This green is even more fun than I had anticipated!  It's super smooth and creamy looking.  I got many compliments while wearing it.
3634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK.
4801	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a shampoo junkie. Philip B's Peppermint & Avocado Shampoo is a tried and true favorite. You won't find me without it. I even have a tiny travel bottle. I wish I could rate this 6 stars!
5548	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product! I have extensive hair loss issues and this product has enabled me to go out with confidence.
This is really good micellar water.  It barely has a scent & does not irritate my skin or around my eyes.  I use this water on a cotton pad to remove eye makeup and foundation.  I even use it to cleanse my skin when I do not wear makeup.  Just squeeze the water on to a disposable cotton pad, hold over your eye for about 15 seconds, then gently wipe away the makeup.  You will probably need more than one pad to clean your face.  I like "Swisspers" brand cotton rounds - you can buy them on Amazon or at Costco, etc.
7011	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	In the past, I have used Juice Beauty's moisturizer and was so pleased with it I thought ordering this acne set for my teenager would be a no-brainer. Boy, was I wrong!
8998	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	easy to use
5006	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best handcream in the world. As a nurse, washing my hands 100 timed a day, it has saved my hands. The scent is soft and lovely, and softens dry, cracked skin.
I've been using this product for about 2 years. After you've stopped using this product for 2 months or so, your nails go back to normal. I've always had long nails, but after my second pregnancy my nails would break very easily. I tried gel overlays over my natural nails for awhile, but that process actually destroyed my natural nails. I cut them off, let them grow out, and have been using Nail Envy ever since.
4046	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is much better than a cleanser and a toner.  I used to use a Clinique toner and still do when I am in a hurry because I know I get a basic, albeit drying, clean.  This cleanser leaves my face feeling fresh and clean, but not tight.  It is also better than the OZ Naturals cleansers because they burn my eyes.  The Vichy does not burn even when I rinse my face,
1673	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just the color I wanted.

6537	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	People in the U.K. have made this the number one moisturizing cream in the country, and I can see why. I purchased a try me trio of products, and am so very pleased with all of them. The scent of all of the products I have tried is fresh and clean. If this scent was made into a day parfume it would sell out.
3673	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for years. Its not heavy or sticky, but silky and smooth. I use it to help with frizz and separate curls. Smells good and lasts a long time. Using only quarter sized amount on long hair.

I use this about once a week and it works great.
9899	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!

6669	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the curling iron that you wanted as a teenager when you bought your first one from Target and spent hours cursing it because it wouldn't hold a curl at all. This iron is the preferred iron of stylists for a reason-it is a workhorse, and it is fabulous.
It's easy to apply, a little goes pretty far once it's warmed up. It can be warmed up by using one's fingers and creating motion either between thumb and finger or with circular motions on facial skin.
2543	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great smell and cooling and soothing.  A little dab goes is all you need.
So, I took a risk and tried this one, not so much because of the name, but I liked that it won a design award, had a cool look, and (my reasoning went) even if it turned out to be no better, at least it looks really good.
7483	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Hair type: below shoulder length, baby fine, hi-lighted
Well, this lip pencil is, and is simply the best true "nude" lip liner I've ever used and just ordered 3 of them to make sure I have one wherever I go. It's not just the texture which is great - it goes on smooth and it sharpens to an exceptional point and really helps prevent that upper lip "bleed" line that you can get when your lips age.
The moisturizer. This is the product that I like the most. I have oily skin. And once I wash my face the oil comes back really quickly. Not with this moisturizer. It doesn't feel thick. And doesn't have an overpowering smell.


I have used this product now for the past 10 days.  My husband, sons, and I see a visible difference.  My face is beginning to look firmer, with  less noticeable lines.  If this is what happens in a short time, then after a month or more, I anticipate even better results.  The manufacturer's scientific research (which I have read) indicates that these are the expected results for continued use.

It is scented - I like the smell (kind of bright and citrusy) and it doesn't seem to irritate my skin, but FYI for those sensitive to fragrance
3060	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I tried of small sample of this item, so I can't really say anything about the bottle size/design, but I was pleased with the sample that I tried. Since it has a higher price point, I have higher expectations of it than I would have for a lower-priced drug store brand. So far, I've been reasonably pleased with it.
3776	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for over a year and love it. I have sensitive skin and this does the trick. Works well all seasons.
9043	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	works amazingly. This is my second one. the first one broke after 5 years of use. it makes my hair so shiny...
6089	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was kind of expecting this product to have some grit to it, but it doesnt.  Its smooth.  It has a very light fragrance, which is not overpowering at all.  Its very creamy and doesnt leave my skin dried-out after cleansing.  Though I can sometimes have problems with cleansers causing skin irritation (even having to seek medical attention), I haven't had any issues with this one.
1035	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use it for my kids that are 4 and 6. My older one has eczema during winter and Mustela products bring him relief. They also like the smell although it bothers me a little bit.
5180	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Winter is here and this is much appreciated. I'm dealing with adult hormonal acne right now so I didn't need anything oil based to clog up my pores. It's also ridiculously dry out there (and inside!) and my face is suffering. This is a great solution.
2324	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is def in the current rotation. I can feel the lift and I love it. Maybe it's the caffeine but this product takes care of the puffiness for sure.
So now his new routine is Olay in the morning and Baxter at night.  And I must say, he doesn't look too bad for an old geezer over 50.
1187	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	like

8631	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For me this is part of my regular shave routine:
4994	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very light eyebrows and have been using eyebrow pencil for decades.  It always wiped off with brief contact.  Even the compact eyebrow treatments have wiped off.
3620	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works GREAT!!  I towel dry my hair, spray this Phyto Volume on my roots after I use my Guts, and blow dry ~ and I'm getting so much more volume than when I used my Guts alone!!  My hair looks shiny, bouncy, and FULL!!  I love it!!  My hair doesn't feel sticky, or gooey, which was a big fear of mine ~ it feels natural and soft and silky, and it's got great volume and bounce!!  The wheat proteins and amino acids wrap around your hair shaft to plump it up when heat activated  ~ and it WORKS!!  This is my new go to going out hair spray!!  I also tried it the same way, towel dried hair with Guts, without blow drying, and I did see a little bit of increased volume, but not anywhere near what I got when I blow dried.
6794	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Stops acne in its tracks. Why didn't I discover this years ago? I have sensitive skin prone to breakouts and have endured adult acne for years. This product is magic. Don't be reluctant of its size, it is powerful and you use only a dab in a single use. Try it!
The label claims that "expansion technology" helps to make your hair thicker and fuller, but no one's commented on my hair looking thicker and fuller . . . and I haven't noticed much of a difference.  However, that being said, my scalp remains healthy and dander free.
3554	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My whole family uses Mario products.
9678	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this hand cream.  The shea butter makes it creamy and it lasts long.
6477	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this eye cream. Mild smell and perfect texture for the eyes.
I also recommend using a cleansing brush with this product (either manual or battery operated like a Clairsonic), this really helps clean pores in the T zone where blackheads can accumulate. Vichy offers several different versions of this product for all different types of skin types; oily, combination, and this one for Normal to Dry. This version is intended for DRY skin, and shouldn't be used by younger/oilier complexions. I plan to continue using the Vichy Micellar Oil from now on, I've been "converted"! I'm looking forward to using this as the weather changes to Winter, and my skin gets extremely parched by indoor heat. Highly recommended!
3114	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good brush cleaner. I use this a lot for my personal makeup, or when I have to do a quick spot clean in between clients. Only thing I will say is that it leaves a bit of an oily residue but I don't mind. Also does have a lemon scent which I love.
1. I have to fight to get it open each time (doesn't get easier with time)
8067	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place. Instead of boosting his confidence, Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair.
Happy to answer any questions in comments.
8482	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic moisturizer for combination skin prone to breakouts. Smells wonderful, light and easily absorbed. Leaves my skin feeling velvety and fresh and also cleans out my pores gently. Love it.
4114	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I am extremely bald on top and use the fibers to give a full look. I  purchasesed with the kit on deal to help w percise spots in front and hairline. This is not percise, and does not shoot out enough fibers, instead its like shooting a gun, you get powder residue behind....shoots out more powder than fibers. Also blows off what fibers you already applied by shaking on. To me this applicator is pointless and doesn't do what it's supposed to do, I'll just stick to the shaking method. Somine else recomended a hair dye bottle applicator, I may try that n re-review.
1141	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this moisturizer it is light yet effective. I have acne prone skin and I can use this w/o suffering breakouts. I highly recommend this entire line for acne and/or pigment challenges. I use this as my evening moisturizer and use the oily skin sunscreen/moisturizer in the mornings. Although if you have a separate sunscreen you can use this during the day since it is light.
4. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SMOOTH LIQUID CAMO MEDIUM COVER FOUNDATION (25 SPF):
8216	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Favorite brand. It is shiny and smooth and rarely chips. I can garden, do dishes and no chips. I also wear the come to bed red color and it doesn't stain my nails. I only use this, no top or bottom coat.

8751	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I rotate this mask, the Whiteneing Mask, and the Super Collagen Mask. This one is really calming (duh) between uses of the other two more harsh ones. It soothes any redness that I have from using exfoliating products and leaves my skin soft and moisturized.
I have fine, thin hair, and have been impressed by the results of this shampoo.  In terms of providing volume, it does as good a job as my current daily shampoo (Aveda Rosemary Mint).
Very nice product.

659	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works.
1341	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product, along with other hair boosters, for several years now.  I swear by it.  The colors are very close and blend very well.
2236	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	These are exactly what they say they are. You can get glycolic acid pads under a much more expensive brand, or you can buy these.  I use them once a week or so as part of a mini facial I give myself. When I'm done with my face, I wipe my upper arms and chest.  I've had bad keratosis pilaris for a while and it's gone down, which I think is thanks to these pads.
3096	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a little concerned that my pro-collagen eye treatment package was not sealed. It also has a orange label with the following number -43028867.
9860	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My facialist uses this on me so i thought i would buy some for my self. It works well, but so does burts beeswax for much cheaper. I used it during the winter (i live in southern texas so it doesnt get that cold) and it kept my lips from getting cracked, and i have so big ol' lips. I think this would be great in the winter, especially in colder climates.
4. Doesn't seem to strip my skin, but leaves it feeling clean
 First, I must address the odor issue. The face wash and acne clearing serum smelled absolutely rancid.  When we first opened the acne clearing serum tube, the content came squirting and losing out. The serum was very liquidy, like water with smelly brown grains.  It looked like  puddle water and smelled like pond scum.  I immediately checked the date on the box, but we weren't near expiration.  I don't think the serum should have had the consistency our tube had.
The `blossom' color is much brighter (and pinker!) than it appears in the product description.  Don't be put off by that though as it goes on very sheer.  Using a decent blush brush you can easily "build" up to the color you want and the product does not look at all chalky or "cakey".  The color has a slight pearlescent quality to it, but nothing too shimmery and definitely no sparkle or glitter - it actually creates a subtle glow that can be more flattering to drier complexions than a matte product would be.  I'm very pleased with the look and I like that it has staying power - no need for frequent touch-ups.
7134	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	highly recommend. moderate scent. great results. does it actually revitalize hair? i'm willing to claim that my hair does -- for a while -- have an improved vital quality.
In summary, this Vichy Homme shaving foam is truly an excellent shaving foam.  Not only does it lead to less irritation while shaving, but it helps obtain a very smooth shave and leaves your skin feeling moisturized without feeling greasy.  I am truly impressed.  It does have a very high cost compared with other shaving soaps you might buy locally, but the quality of shave and lack of irritation from this shaving foam is way beyond comparison.  Men who have sensitive skin or problems with irritation from shaving may find its higher cost worthwhile for a much more pleasant shaving experience.  If I lived in Europe, where this product is manufactured and likely far less expensive, I would definitely be using it every day.
9056	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well, just have to make sure the heat is not too high
The ingredients are:
7299	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	These pads are great and help you clean your face completely and scrub a few rough spots...but cost too much.

4325	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm not a lip balm wearer.  This is my very first tube of it.  I prefer lipstick.
1969	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVED this nail polish! Such a pretty purple/grey color. Not shimmery at all and looks awesome on my nails. Is not too thin and streaky but is not too thick either. I love Essie colors, especially purple and will continue buying them!
While applying with a cotton pad is an adjustment from scrubbing, rinsing, and drying, it's more convenient. I do find that there's a very subtle film after application and drying, but I think it's comparable to other toners in that regard. Overall, I'm completely satisfied.


I used this after my shower for a week.  It is more of a night cream because, I feel, that it is a little heavy for under make-up.  I also has not SPF that a day cream should have.  When I washed my face in the morning, I did not feel like I was washing off a mask like most creams do.  My neck does feel tighter and doesn't have that roughness I get.  The price needs to be more reasonable at $52 bucks for 1.7 fluid ounces.

Price is decent for what you get so what's not to love. Try it if you haven't.
4548	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a good product.  I've purchased it in salons before so I knew what I was getting.  However, the bottle was leaking when it arrived so some of the product was lost.
7960	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very Nice, that I ordered it again for my wife's thinning hair..

1075	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This setting powder doesn't add any color or texture to my regular makeup.  It's easy to apply, and it helps my foundation last all day.  It comes with a puff that fits in the jar.  The instructions recommend using a brush for buffing off after letting it set a couple minutes, but I found the puff that came with it did a good job.
9075	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My 16 yr old niece got this for Christmas. She tried it out the next day and LOVED it. She hasn't made any complaints yet so I assume the product is good. As far as packing, it was done well and arrived ahead of schedule (which is always a plus).
2053	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using delicacy for years and wanted to stock up. I love this color and it suits my tastes.
I will buy this product again for two reasons: the price is fair, and I do not want to pay a dermatologist to prescribe me benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid. The dying lotion is a good product, but it's not a miracle. Set your expectations reasonably, and you should be fine.
5344	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it , fast ship


6217	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this makes skin very soft
* Safety-Sealed
5114	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	We love this lotion - my husband too - I buy it by the jar now for the home and in the small tube for travel. It's expensive, but worth every penny if you've tried others before and were disappointed.
You may find this cream useful if you have a cut or scratch. Your skin will heal much faster than normal. I noticed this before I really looked at the ingredients.
8425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Totally agree with the other posters, this stuff is wonderful.  It works so well, it cleans so thoroughly and yet doesn't dry my skin out or clog my pores.  I tend to be a little on the dry side but I also get whiteheads and blackheads and cystic acne flareups.  This cleanser leaves my skin clean, smooth, but not dry and I never, ever break out.  Best part of all?  It's absolutely inexpensive, compared to the size of products that give you maybe 1/4th the product for three times the price.  For the price, this stuff is amazing, but even if it cost more, I'd still buy it.  It's that good.
3173	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I took a chance on this because I have a sudden weird new scalp issue and thought this would help it. I put it on for a half hour or so before I washed it and I did this every few days for a few weeks and it did nothing but flare it up. On the other hand, the pouch it came in was neat and my puppies LOVE to play with it!!

2. Gentle Cleansing Gel:  Not a fan of gel in general since foam is so much easier to spread, but this worked well.  Has a pleasant clean smell and no residue feeling.
2510	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	People say it a lot but it really is on target-- "Euphoria" is the perfect name for this perfume. It's somewhat light but still very evocative and sensual in its own way. The bottle is very distinctive as well and a good match for the perfume. Very intoxicating scent.


Color payoff: nice intensity with one swipe, two swipes gets you intense color
8069	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now.  It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots.  My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair.  And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)!  The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie.  Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar.  It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets.  I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity  because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product!  Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair.  Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place.  Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair.  Instead of enhancing his look,  Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place.
The only con is that it smells kind of bad, like sulpher.
Made for ALL skin types.  This product is made in the USA.
5233	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It works!

Lasts a long time, doesn't cake, and keeps me looking nice and matte.  No irritation, no dryness (which can be an issue for me.)
Orange Fruit Water
6907	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have become confused on what exactly the point of this product is. I saw some feedback on people who use it as a cleanser on those days where you want to "rush" off or just go to bed without washing your face, but this makes no sense to me. These pads are astringent toner pads, not cleanser pads. They will not provide you with a cleanse, that is why on the directions it says use after cleansing, but before moisturizer. If you wash your face then use these pads it will not make your skin dry, but rather kind of sticky. If you try and put any sort of moisturizer on after the pads it will make your face look disgusting. Like you haven't showered in about 2 days, very greasy. I attempted to use just the pads and no moisturizer, but my face just looked oily and felt very sticky. Now I think girls like a man with a nice smooth face, not one that feels dirty. I shave everyday so I expect that smooth feeling day in and day out, and that is exactly what I had before these pads. I stumbled upon this item when doing a search for a good toner and saw all the fantastic reviews so I purchased them, what a mistake. I stopped using them yesterday and my skin is back to being a little dry and I actually don't mind it. Much better than looking dirty and oily. I will say on the plus that these pads don't burn at all even when used after shaving, for those who care I shave with a DE feather blade which can be very harsh on skin, and it helps with razor burn on the neck by healing it faster. This is when the ingredient witch hazel comes into play (ingredient in the product). That's the only plus I have to mention about these pads. I really have no idea where the target market for this product is, as I can only image what it would do for someone with oily skin or normal skin (my skin is very dry). Pads cover the entire face and neck with no problems, just be sure to flip the pad over half way through so you get the most out of the pads.
5010	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is probably the best  brow pencil that I have ever used. I have very light brows, and this color works very well with light brown hair. The tiny lines look more natural than heavier, thicker pencils. The little sharpener is great as well. This is a well thought out make up product, and I am happy to use it.
518	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	While I am not a fan of some of Dermablend's other products (their foundation in a tube products), the Cover Crme line excels.  It applies easily, and a small application covers very well.  You don't really notice it on your face, and it doesn't get cakey.
I'd also recommend trying out the 20% salicylic acid peel from Perfect Image and the Mario Badescu glycolic acid toner. Acne-hell has basically reduced my skincare routine to slathering my face with various types of acid...but I've finally started to get traction against it.
My advice is to try much less than you think you need.  Rub the drops in your hands and work it through your wet or damp hair.  So far I haven't made the mistake of applying too much and the tiny amount I've been using works very well to lessen the worst traits of my hair and seems to work well for heat styling or allowing it to dry curly on its own.
4357	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very refreshing ...especially on the go
6808	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	it is good treatment for ance
One thing that helps give a nice touch over the powders and such is the Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray. The powders are probably quite wonderful for an oily skin type, for example; they are nice for a youthful complexion; and I believe they are going to look quite radiant on a woman with less-noticeable pores, and without wrinkle issues along with age and skin texture combined.  In my case I am fine, and safest when I am well-rested.
5343	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this shave cream.  It comes in a small package and the price may turn you off but don't worry.  First you only need to apply a small dab and if by mystery it will cover your whole face.  The blade just slides right over your face.  I have never cut myself or received razor burn using The Art of Shaving Shave Cream.  I promise you this is hands down better that what you are currently using.
4352	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Cheaper than Avene and La Roche Posay and in my opinion feels better.
WET: I tried it when my hair was wet, in just the area of my crown, twisting it a bit. I wasn't sure it really made a difference. One day I'd use it, the next not. I felt the crown area was always a bit dry and coarser when I used it. Not thicker or curlier. It didn't seem that much better. Maybe some. Not what I wanted.
1: Do not expect to get a close, BBS (Baby Bottom Smooth) Shave by spreading shaving foam over you face and going to town at it.  You MUST learn to wet shave first. This means to get your beard nice and wet. Either in the shower or using a hot, wet towel, using a preshave oil or lotion or using a good quality shaving soap or cream like Porraso or Arko.  My suggestion is to go to the Wal-Mart and buy the Williams Soap, bowl and brush, take a nice hot shower, wash your face well and take your time shaving.  We in the wet shaving community know what the dark side of shaving is, but if you follow a ritual when you shave and don't rush you will be surprised how much you, not only look forward to, but enjoy shaving. Kind of your little get-away.  Also how you will become a research nut when it comes to all the soaps, creams, lotions and equipment.
8043	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product was a life saver for me. My hair has continually got thinner and I really didn't want to buy a wig. A friend told me about this and I can't believe how well it covers thinning areas. You just have to make sure after applying the resisdue isn't on your forehead or back. But it's a great product and worth every penny....
1960	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this item is great
3441	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love anything OPI and this was definitely up to par!!

2303	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this base coat I can go full week without chips. OPI is super good.

6658	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	There are two major drawbacks to this flat iron. 1) the outside casing gets extremely hot - hot enough to burn your fingers when you clamp it down and 2) it does not have an automatic turn-off. Frankly, I've switched back to my $30 Remington flat iron. This is just not worth the price.


I recommend


5320	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the only scrub my dermatologist will recommend.  I have rosacea and scrubs are usually off limits.  This one doesn't tear the skin so I get that "clean" feeling I've missed without the damage.  Goes a long way, too.
4704	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for a long time so yes I am very satisfied with it

6631	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just received my Hot Tools Professional Curling Iron today (August 7, 2014) and I am very happy with it. Heats up quickly and is easy to handle. Gets the job done. I may decided to order a smaller barrel one later.
Razor : Murkur Futur chrome finish on setting 3
My Tips to use... slide the top of the can open, shake the powder out on your palm, rob your palms together and apply to your scalp one hand at a time make sure to rub it in, especially on back of head.  Shake out on your palm again and now pat on top of your hair. I leave approximately 5 to 10 minutes without touching and then comb through.

122	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is perhaps my favorite OPI polish. It is made up of  halogen dots sprinkled all over a base coat which is mostly clear and like most of OPI sparkly polishes it can be worn over  any other polish (as a topcoat) or several coats all on it's on. I use it all over the place; mix it with other sparkly polishes or over a pearlalized  product but however you use it you will love it and I guarantee that---just don't buy to many 'cause I'm coming back for more!!!!
5163	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've struggled with acne for years, as a teen, as well as an adult. In my experience, salicylic acid treatments work better on oily skin or teen acne, while adult acne (or more troublesome acne) is better treated by benzoyl peroxide. Because of my long history with these products, I didn't expect to be too impressed by this product because it is a salicylic acid treatment.
1715	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Brighter than it looks but can't go wrong with Zoya nail polish.

4178	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I specifically use this product for my lips. It makes them soft, plump and supple.  Gotta love this stuff.  I've bout it three times now.
7544	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This cream is an excellent hydrator.  I need something that works this well during the winter when my hands and elbows dry out like sandpaper.  I tiny dab is all you need and the effectiveness lasts a long time.  I find that using it twice per day is about all that I need.  The jar is very tiny - it almost looks like a sample but since you only use a little this should last at least a month.
8340	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have had good luck with all the products I have bought from the Mario Badescu line. The texture is great and it hydrates the area around the eyes. I would recommend this product.
I don't know if I have a great technique, but it felt almost no different than a regular DE. Mind you, I read the scare stories and was being careful, but about as careful as I am with a regular DE anyway. They do take a touch more attention than cartridge, but that's about it.
7603	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would recommend this is my 2nd jar and it last a long time
7768	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've tried everything and this works best for lift, wrinkles and clarity. Won't try any other products as it far exceeds other products. All Nia24 products r great
There are several things needed to make this look even and natural. First is shower, shave, and exfoliate. Get the most scrubby salt body wash you have and use it. Rough off all the dead skin you can to make sure you can to get the tan to last longer. If you don't buy the foam mitt to apply this, you'll regret it. Some people use latex gloves but it ends up getting applied uneven and streaky because late doesn't absorb the mousse (on purpose) but the mitten they designed to apply it with absorbs just a touch to make it apply perfectly evenly. Also it can be flipped over if you're applying this stuff without a friend to help get that spot in the middle of your back that nobody can EVER REACH.

3) Billy Jealousy Super Slick Shave Cream
8903	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the product and Anazon.
8290	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with Butter and this is a very pretty dark purple.  I've never experienced any trouble with chipping with the Butter polishes and I would definitely recommend them to everyone.  Even though they are pricey, they don't contain the harmful chemicals other polishes do, they go on smoothly and you won't find more unique and pretty colors
3237	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this stuff! Unfortunately does not contain fluoride though

9452	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great product for sensitive skin.
3684	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	While the mint smell of this conditioner is nice because it's not overwhelming, that's about the only good thing I can say about it. I'm just not sure why it's priced at $15 when it's chock full of chemicals that most higher quality companies have been leaving out of their shampoos and conditioners for years. And after using it, it didn't work well enough to make it worth that price tag, either - my hair felt like I'd used any old bottle of drugstore/supermarket conditioner. The only reason I'm not throwing it away is because I can tuck it aside in case I run out of a better conditioner and forget to go to the store to pick up more.
1839	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice fuschia pink color, good for summer

Yes, it's in glass, which is fabulous! You can save it after use (just run it through the dishwasher). I'll use it for some of my homemade creams.
The scent is very light -- almost indistinguishable -- and the texture of the peel is very smooth, with no grit. It didn't leave my skin either sensitive or reddened. Some people might want a stronger product than this, but I like it.
3127	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
Pros:
Make sure your skin is prepped - exfoliate and moisturize before applying to avoid it being cakey.
I've been using it twice a week since I got it and I'm happy with the results.  I haven't had any extra/unusual acne and my skin is nice and smooth.  This scrub does contain a sulfate, which can be drying, but it hasn't dried my skin out.  It also contains parabens, for those who care about that.
302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wife loves OPI Nail Paints.

The clippers are sharp and work wonderful. My kids both have a tendency to get ingrown nails and I have found the design of these clippers help them to keep nails cut correctly.

8479	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best eye cream ever. I got a sample and just loved it and the price is great. I have used so many expensive creams and this is better than all of them. My concealer goes on so smoothly with this product and it really does smooth out the lines.  I can use this product day or night I just use a good shadow base and get no creasing.  And under eyes stays nice and moisturized throughout the day.  I have used all kinds of different eye products that are far more expensive  and the best results I've gotten is combining this eye cream with Peter Thomas Roth laser free eye serum.
4683	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It could feel more like a scrub...i don't know that it removes many dead skin cells because it really lacks a scrubbing feeling but it smells pleasing.
1053	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great translucent setting powder.  I did not have to re apply it during my evening out so it really set my makeup and prevented any shine.
2650	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a pleasant scent. It only takes one spray, so be careful. The scent is soft, not harsh. It stays on my skin all day, but does not take over a room as some scents do. I have allergies but this perfume did not trigger them, after using it I didn't get any tightness in my chest. It has been thirty years since I wore perfume, and now I found one I am able to use! I wish it wasn't a spray though.

2169	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has been using the older formulation of this for about three years, and he has said that it's the best shave cream he's used, beating out other brands like Jack Black.  This new formulation is paraben-free, and it provides just as close of a shave (if not better) than the old formula.
Woot! Woot!!  What's not to love!
This is a great scent for men. It's sophisticated and powerful. All men should have this. The world would be a better place.

5605	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I gave it a 4 star because it seems to have a slightly different formula compared to prior, meaning, it seems a little more sticky.


113	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful shade
This product can't be called nail straightener it should be called nail killer! DON'T BUY IT!
55	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ordered this as a gift for a friend who is in love with this particular fragrance. She practically bathes in perfume so I had to get her the large version.
- your mood razor :depending on my stubble growth, the amount of use on my blade, the type of soap, I am able to adjust the aggressiveness to my liking. I usually start with 3 and make my way up to 5.5. That's as comfortable as I get with a close shave three pass ritual.
1613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is oh so pretty! Love it! Goes on great! Beautiful matte finish. I did pay a steep price of $20.00. The price listed is half of what I paid sadly...


2681	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
When you use the tanning lotion, even with the mitt also be sure to wash your hands thoroughly. It does dry relatively quickly and is not orangey. It has more of an olive tone, which looks more natural.

It covered my dark circles without settling into wrinkles
8753	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is almost the fastest repair cream for Elbows,and Heels I have ever used ,my husband had a bad sore on the back of his heel from his work boots after treating with antibiotic ointment  we began the second phase of heeling the heel ,we put this cream on fyi is a blue gel form and covered with clean socks over night within two nights the dead dry skin was gone .For myself I had dry elbows and after exfoliating  at night I rubbed this in good and to my surprise within three days the whitish  dry skin was gone .I swear by this I just got my second bottle to have for back up it works so good. I also use this on my feet at night just a thin coat and cover with socks over night to prepare for pedicure  season .I highly  recommend this product .

Because of the menthol and the salycilic acid, this is not good for people with dry skin.  It definitely helps reduce breakouts for me.
4591	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am not a fan of cilantro in food but I had a coupon for 30% off (local retailer) so I purchased this with the peppermint shampoo and a few other MG products. This is a very nice, light conditioner that actually seems to disappear into the hair before I rinse it out. I really think this has a nice fragrance but it's not really too representative of cilantro. I notice the smell occasionally during the day, have not seen any product buildup and would definitely recommend this to people who like quality product (product w's/junkies). If you don't normally spend money on (non-drugstore) product, I'd say that there are better products out there to try when splurging.
296	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great! Goes on very easy and smooth. Dries fast. No streaking. No chipping. Highly recommend! Very good value as well.
Thank you
2868	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very quick delivery. Package nice. I have been using this product for about a year and will reorder again.  Thank you for the quick delivery.
5357	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This one is perfect for styling my medium length bob.  I first bought the "medium", which is like a small, and then the "large", but that's more like a medium.  This "extra large" one is perfect, surprisingly so, I thought this size would only work on really long hair but it's just right for straightening out mine.  Very happy with it! (And it's the same brand my hair stylist uses, and they know best!)

8490	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Mario Badescu skincare for about 10 years now...love it and will never switch to anything else.
9528	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Juice Beauty Blemish Clearing Cleanser, 6.75 fl. oz.
9685	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Makes my hands sticky and oily. Doesn't moisturize. Hate the smell - very stinky.
9026	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this mousse sparingly for my fine hair.  It does not leave hair stiff, but give a definite lift to hair.  The results last for a few days.
7701	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My fine lines are vanishing!
748	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've been buying Stila Convertible color products for years. They're versatile and some can be used as blush and lipstick. Illium really just works on my cheeks, it is far too light for my lips (red hair, fair skin). Others, like Poppy need to be applied carefully to cheeks or they'll give that "Baby Jane" look. Poppy is a better color for lips although it is somewhat drying and doesn't last long in lips. I wouldn't call it a stain, but it does last for a while - just not THAT long. For that reason, I always need at least one or two in my makeup bag. I've struggled to find a color that works well on lips and cheeks.
4041	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have dry and sensitive skin and have used several brands of Micellar water but so far this has been the best for cleaning, toning and calming.  I am amazed by how well is removes makeup.  I use a makeup remover wipe to get off most of my makeup and then follow up with this.  Most of these waters are great at cleaning off regular makeup but they can dry and irritate my skin.  It is about the same price as the LaRoche one I have been using but I love the pump on this one.  One pump on a cotton pad is enough to go over my face to remove anything that the wipe didn't get off.
112	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great Spring color
Disodium EDTA
Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891)
I know that some say this is a great set for women too but I think it is designed for men and should, for the most part, be used by men. It seems to be a little stronger and the moisturizer a little too thick for the average daily use for women.
4153	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This curling iron made unpredictable curls, and then they didn't hold. I have thick but fine almost shoulder-length hair. For years, I have been using the Hot Tools gold-plated 1.25" iron. Recently, my hair became EVEN more curl-resistant than it had been in the past. So I thought I'd try a smaller diameter barrel. I stayed with the same brand and style, but changed to this model with the tourmaline finish. So, I'm going to return it and order the Hot Tools 1" with the gold finish, and see if that does the trick.
2661	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	It doesn't smell like cologne. It honestly smells like sandalwood and moth balls. I used it for a couple days to see if it would get better but it didn't


I'm afraid by the time I finally "grow out of" my acne it'll be time for wrinkle cream. Anyway, overall the product seems fine - the only item out of the entire kit I'd repurchase at this point - considering I'm still in the dreaded purge - is the facial peel. I love the peel. I could just about eat it out of the jar. Again, I use it as recommended and it seems to help the acne (when applied at night). The morning after when I awake the acne appears diminished. Then a couple days later I have a whole new crop of white and red beauties to remind me this kit isn't working out very well. Be prepared to be snubbed by JB after they've gotten your money because that's how I feel.
985	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product for skin
The directions suggest using the serum over moisturizer or instead of moisturizer.
I can honestly say that after 3 weeks of use, my skin is brighter, has an even tone, and some redness has been diminished. fine lines in the forehead are FAR LESS NOTICABLE, which is most welcome.
4350	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got these 1.7 oz sprays on purpose because I wanted to be able to take them on the plane with me. These sprays do an awesome job at relieving dry skin from the airplane dry air. The mist is fine and spreads out well. I won't go traveling without having these with me!
There was no pore refinement, nor reduction in the appearance of fine lines


The only thing that i don't like is the price, so I am hoping that my tube lasts a very long time.
53	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This scent is a pleasant flowery-sweet scent that I think is more for a man than a woman.  It is a modern classic in my opinion.  I doubt anyone would hate it.  You either like it or LOVE it.
907	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this in place of toner because my skin tends to be irritable, so the water really soothes my skin and helps with the redness/itchiness I end up with in summer. It's easy to use, and is a good way to clean your face after the gym or a long day at work.
8927	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells amazing and it's really refreshing but after I sprayed it on, my skin kinda feels a bittttttt sticky.

Anyway, my BIG complaint isn't with the cream, or the manufacturer, it's with the doctor! She sold me the cream, but didn't tell me you had to use it in a particular way! I just happened to be on YouTube one day and happened to find a Necktifirm video! They had a method for using the cream, and it was very specific. I was 1/2 way though the cream, and used the remainder the way it was prescribed in the video, but didn't feel I'd really know if I'd have had any better benefit if I'd have used the cream in the specified way the entire time.
8620	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Doesn't make me breakout and works well. I always buy this stuff!
1073	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this very much.  For such a light product, the coverage is excellent.  It covered the shine and minor skin imperfections, was very easy to apply (I used a brush) and lasted all day.  I think it is well worth the price and I'm sure I'll be purchasing it again.
7860	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this at Ulta, even though the Amazon price was much less. I can't recommend it! First of all, it's somewhat underpowered for anyone with thick hair. Second, the curl-release feature worked less than half the time and I wound up having to physically untangle and pull my hair out of the plastic bristle brush. Third, the "cap" that holds the plastic brush on the base, flew off almost right away and I had to search the bathroom for it and screw it back on. It is not an expensive product, but it's not even worth what it cost. It's a "cheap" product in a number of ways.
So I place two coats under any color and add more coats as my top coat throughout the week.  It seems to also protect a bit from the heavy colors I put on.  (No yellow nails)
794	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't normally wear foundation.  I hate the way I can feel it sitting on my skin and don't like how it can look artificial.
The great part is that my face feels so soft for hours afterwards.

3275	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my second time purchasing this item.  It just works. Even though there is not much full fledged winter here in East Texas, this item keeps your lips from cracking and bleeding

This smells light with a hint of floral, and lasts a long time.

8999	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	2 thumbs up.
6618	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Refreshing, lovely scent. I'm not sure this is the intent, but in addition to a moisturizing spray, I use this to "set" my makeup.  I'm not sure it actually sets it, but it does create a nice dewey look so that the rest of my makeup looks less powdery/cakey. Just a light spritz from a foot away and you're good.



And now, the one thing I don't care for: the scent.  This smells acidic and almost vegetable-like.  I can't think of a better way to describe it.  It's an effective product, and it's not like you're using it for a long time, so I can put up with the scent.  But I don't enjoy the scent at all.
1) Billy Jealousy Liquidsand
The other purpose for me is that it has a (30 SPF) sunscreen.  ALL other cosmetics with sunscreen I have tried have (25 SPF) or lower, and not my needed (30 SPF) that my dermatologist recommends.  She has said that even in my home with shades closed I am exposing my skin to potential damage.  I score 1,000 % here for this as well as the other qualities of this line.

Non irritating!

Great price for a night cream (why are women's products so much more expensive??)
1105	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I live in Florida where the humidity is really bad. I have often found that my makeup basically comes off from the heat and humidity and cannot seem to find anything that will stay in place during the day. I have to say that this product was wonderful. It is easy to apply and feels light which is a big plus. I don not like when makeup feels caked on. The only thing I did not like about the product is that it comes with an applicator, which is basically a large powder puff. After you apply the powder you place it back on top of the powder. It is separated by a plastic sieve for the better part of the word. So when you want to reapply again the powder puff will have excess powder left over from your first application. Having to dusk off the excess you would be wasting powder. So my advice to Dermablend would be to have a switch inside to close the sieve when you place the powder back in.
6328	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am BANANAS about this cleanser.  It exfoliates gently and has helped solve a myriad of problems for me:  back and chest breakouts, ingrown hairs, those weird upper arm bumps.  (I know, I'm a lucky girl.)  But this cleanser makes it so you'd never know how awful my skin really is.  I use it with a loofah, and I follow it with an AHA body moisturizer, and it has made a humungo difference.  The smell of it to me is fresh and unisex.  Not too girly, so the Mr. can use it, too.  And it's loads cheaper than other brands I've tried.  I'm a lifer!!!
7512	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow...this great cream! Not at all greasy, didn't irritate my skin and definitely a good moisturizer. I didn't see directions on the jar (i.e., leave on all night or wipe right off?) so using it as night cream and/or everyday moisturizer. Nice product!
2. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL TRANSLUCENT LOOSE SETTING POWDER (NO SPF):
1919	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i went on a mission to specifically find this polish since i had got my nails done 3 months ago with it. Thank bby jesus for amazon because i couldn't find it in any store and i refused to pay 8.50 plus shipping on essie.com. its an awesome color, not really a summertime shade but you can definitely get away with it because its blue!

5076	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have combination skin, plus I have a stressful job and life. I also have very sensitive skin. So finding something that works that didn't dry my skin out or give me a rash or burn my skin has been something of a wild goose chance. I was actually gifted a small version of this in their Detox Kit and fell in love. Not only did it work, but it didn't smell, was easy to use, and I could literally see the difference in a matter of days not weeks. I know that more than likely won't be typical for most people, but I know I'll continue to buy this as long as it works.

3088	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The ingredient I recognize as a wrinkle reducer is Hydrolyzed Hyaluronic Acid.  The serum is basically an oil and the pump helps to dispense a small amount and not end up with a greasy mess. The bottle and presentation is very nice, at this price point I expect this.  The bottle contains .5oz of the serum. I did not have any breakouts or issues from using the serum.

3345	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I would give this zero stars. Formula is very watery. Something is not right with it. I will be returning. Very disappointed for an OPI product.
6133	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	KEEPS my family of acne prone adults and teens acne free-removes all dirt

9613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I never thought I would say this, but this soap is so worth the $12.00; I think I am addicted for life. This is a very large bar of soap, with unbelievable suds. The soap does not have an over powering fragrance, just a gentle clean smell, and it leaves your skin feeling soft and smooth. I should have never tried this soap, because now I can't imagine ever using anything else. I highly recommend this soap.


5071	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	According to the box, this night cream quickly delivers essential moisture to skin all night long. (AHA) gently exfoliates skin, actively removing dead surface cells and smoothing its texture.
8702	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Mario Badescu Rose hips Nourishing Oil was tried by my wife so these are her descriptions and reaction upon using the product. She is very particular on what she puts on her skin. She generally swears by Emu oil, coconut oil and sesame seed oil.
4258	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nobody makes better self-tanner than St. Tropez. For a light skinned guy like me, it really helps to get just a little color on the legs for shorts weather. Wipes on nice. Feels smooth and does not stink like most self-tanners. The skin tone looks natural and one application per week takes care of me for the weekend. I use a foam mitt because if you get it on your hands, you will have to scrub to removed it. A good mitt takes care of that and can be rinsed clean with plain water after each use. I also put down a dark towel to rest my foot on so that I don't get any on the floor or bathroom fixtures. Wipe it one and it dries in less than a minute. You can wear it under your clothes and rinse it off in your next shower. You will love this product even at the high cost.
For those of you looking for a more natural skin care line, this is more on the natural side, but it still has dimethicone, mineral oil, and some extracts of things which I don't consider natural, but for shelf life are more in line with long term performance.  The sunscreen in it is not one that I really like but it does the job if that is your primary concern.
6152	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's a bit greasy so I only use it on the area beneath my eyes were I have some lines, hoping to smooth them out.  My pores clog easily so I don't dare put it on my t-zone but I also use it around my lips.  It has a very light fragrance and I only use it for night use.
5024	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift for my wife, she loves it.

Really fantastic product!!

6279	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For me this is part of my regular shave routine:
7679	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best exfoliater I have ever tried. Use it twice a week.
I had never bought PCA on Amazon before, so I was a little worried..but the product was sealed, new, and legitimate. I am very happy and will be buying again when I run out. Thank you.

5776	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you're familiar with Leslie Baumann's book _The Skin Type Solution_, this is one of the face washes she recommends for oily skin.  Since I also have sensitive skin (my skin type is OPWS), I was worried that it would be too drying for me, but I really do like this!  The foaming action is definitely more subtle than other foaming cleansers I've used, but it suds up nicely and has a light, pleasant scent that is non-irritating.
9341	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is seriously my favorite hair product. It nourishes your hair without making it greasy at all. It protects it from the heat, and makes hair soft and shiny, without weighing it down. It keeps my hair from getting dry or split ends. I recommend this for oily or dry hair! It soaks quickly into the hair without leaving residue. It is honestly the best, I'll keep buying it for years to come. I recommended this to my mom and now she loves it too. I have nothing but good things to say!! It even smells good! I'm really excited, can you tell? :) It is a little pricey, but I think it's worth every penny. I also use this as moisturizer for my skin too, and it soaks in leaving skin so soft, no residue, and supposedly fights fine lines and wrinkles. I love this!


The addition of "allantoin/Comfrey Root Extract" is significant and explains why this heals the skin so fast. Allantoin is said to produce an increase in leukocytes/white blood cells that help to ward off infection.

8630	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff. Use once a week on face. Will dry out skin, so use face moisturizer after.
6465	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was disappointed by this. I have an enzyme cleanser by another brand and it does a great job at exfoliating dry skin. I thought that's what enzymes did -- not the Mario Badescu gel: my skin is still dry and flaky. It doesn't foam, which I could live with, but I also can't see it on my skin so it's hard to tell if I've thoroughly covered my face. It does have a great smell and a cooling sensation, though I don't want cooling in the winter time. I also still got zits while using this, so this product is useless to me. (But I appreciate receiving this as a free promotional gift as I had been intending to buy it.)
3942	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good stuff
4380	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this cleanser for years and it is the only thing that doesn't dry my face out.  Even better than DHC oil.
9890	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff.  It makes my skin look glowing and dewey all day.  It's the first thing I put on my body when I get out of the shower.  I have dry skin and it makes my face feel awesome.
4328	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm not sure why this is marketed to men, but it works great for anyone. The mojito flavor is mildly fruity with a little hint of mint. It goes on smoothly and is very glossy. The applicator makes it handy to use on your lips, no need to use your fingers to apply. Overall, nice lip balm.
9164	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is magic!! Feel a zit coming on, put a dab of this at night, nearly gone the next morning!!! But it's basically calamine lotion and alcohol. Alcohol sits on top. You don't shake.
All of the larger Mason Pearson brushes, including this one, come with a cleaning brush, so that you can easily clean loose hairs out of your brush.
913	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product works very well to thicken my fine hair.  Applying it while towel damp after a fresh washing, I've found it's best to use a minimum amount of the product:  too much makes my hair sticky & difficult to comb through.  It did take a few times of application to find the "right" amount.
7212	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Purchased Suntan from Nordstrom and it's finally my match!
I'm an African American male with thinning hair on the sides as well as top due to over processing my hair as a youth. It makes it difficult to get a nice even haircut and I can't where the low to bald styles since I have acne keloiditis around the rear hairline which causes hair loss and unattractive keloids. It's so embarrassing that I don't even like for people to stand behind me on the elevator. One day I discovered Toppik and although no one in the videos had my type of hair I thought what the hell, it's worth a try.
9484	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Not all candels are created equal.  There are cheap candles that smell nice for 5 minutes and the scent goes away.  There are candles that are supposed to smell nice but end up smelling like garbage.  The Baxter candle is a bit expensive but you get what you pay for.  The smell is strong and filled up the entire room and the smell lingered even after I stopped burning the wick.  In my mind it reminded me of being outside in a forest.  The smell was not girly at all and would be a good scent for a study or a "Man Room".  It burns very slowly and the smoke is clear not thick and black like cheaper candles.  Only wish the scent was not as strong as it over powered my small study.
778	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Rating this foundation has been a bit of a challenge.  I am experienced in using a lot of different makeup foundations, as I am a makeup artist.  One thing that can make all of the difference in the world is to have the correct color.  You can have the nicest texture, but the incorrect color can throw off the way that foundation looks a great deal.
4596	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good .product....feels great on scalp and goes a long way.....I have hair down to mid thigh and a little goes a long way
I washed my face and applied a thin layer of peel on my face and neck. I left it on for ten minutes, as instructed, and washed it off. I had no rash or redness at all. I have not noticed a vibrant look to my face yet, but my skin did feel refreshed and I intend to keep using this peel until I run out of it. I have not tried any other products like peels before, so for a first experience, I was pleased. Recommended!
Lasted me nearly all day even with eating,drinking and even kissing. We thought we should try it out to see if when I kissed my husband, it would rub off on him. Dang it. We tried and tried and the lip pencil just would not wipe off on him. ;)
4) Billy Jealousy Shaved Ice
Ive been feeling a bit like a chemist with the many LOreal Dermablend Pro products listed here. And I realize you may not have this type of a menu, but I am hoping this info will help somehow to see the flexibility here if not anything else.
This is a creamy roll-up stick cover product which does the job, and which I won't feel shy about adding puffs of Dermablend Professional translucent setting powder so it doesnt rub off; and I will use the appropriate color powder as well as described above in 2A.  This is a lovely product.  I love the idea of having a smooth body-skin look as with the generous tube of the wonderful, and long-lasting Dermablend Professional Leg and Body Make-Up; however, Im mentioning this first as Im partial to a more natural, yet youthful, less unsightly look.  It isn't quite going to be looking as flawlessly airbrushed as the full body make-up, yet it is the product I will use first; especially during the day. Love.
7061	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive skin and suffer from rosacea. I cannot get through a day without using this product under my sunscreen and base products. Also all bio elements. Nothing better for sensitive skin and I have tried almost every one of them. It's not cheap but you only need use a tiny bit each day. Lasts quite a while.
930	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent quality. Love this line. Perfect for my mid-forties mild rosacea - gentle and lovely. Recommend going to a store that carries Jane Iredale product to find your color match. You can find those on the website. Then you can order whatever you like with confidence.

I also think this helped my skin heal after a recent breakout, probably faster than it would have otherwise, and I didn't get any new blemishes during the first week of using it (which is how long I've used it so far).  This is with once-daily use (I keep mine in the shower and use it at night -- it definitely seems to help removing stubborn oil-based makeup).
7725	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've got a mild case of rosacea on my cheeks so I was super excited about this.  I use a primer, concealer and foundation to cover it but on bad days, the redness shines through in four hours.
Pros - definitely works to improve skins color and texture
Sodoes it make me look younger?  Hah  Im afraid not, but it does keep the skin around my eyes moist and supple looking and seems to reduce that morning puffiness.  I really like the pump style container, which makes it easy to dispense the right amount of product.  In the $30 price range (for 0.5 ounces) this is at the higher end for drugstore type products but rather modestly priced in comparison to the swankier brands.
My only reason I took off a star is that it is quite expensive for, well, water.  Although I like it, it's really outrageous to be honest. I would look for something similar with a different brand.
4418	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got this mostly as a facial cleanser and not for removal of makeup, so I can't tell you if it's good at removing makeup.  Perhaps their 3-in-1 is overkill for me because of that, but I will say that I like it overall as a facial cleanser.  It's got a great scent to it, and I think that it has a good viscosity (not thick at all, but also not so watery as to run off of your fingers or cotton pad before applying).
2003	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Made a great gift for a friends birthday! The color is beautiful! I would highly reccommend this product to anyone.
Light dusting of mineral based powder

Its not orange at all on me and has given me the most realistic looking fake tan of the many products I've tried.
3705	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	BURNED my skin, acne and overall skin condition got infinitely worse
I recommend it!
I cannot recommend this product.
6707	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this item as it didn't work after one use. I've had this brand before, really liked it so I was very disappointed. Also the design was different. For the money I expected much better.
I like how well it applies, it smooths easily, and when it's dry it's lightweight and nearly unnoticeable.
Light dusting of mineral based powder
2213	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this for my back. Every other day I ask my husband to do my back and it takes less than a minute. It's easy, I just hand him the little pad and he doesn't have to ask how much etc. Easy. I gave it 5 stars for that. I'll buy again. Every other day means this will last 4 months.
7280	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff What a difference! And I got it pretty quickly
EDIT: I had to update this from 4 to 5 stars. I've been using it 3 weeks now and the texture of my skin has SERIOUSLY IMPROVED. I always get whiteheads around my chin and jaw line and have never found anything to get rid of them-until now. I've literally never felt my skin so even and smooth-I am in love.


but this one is great.
I've found the rose hip nourishing oil does redden my face right after use, but it does go away and the moisturizer with the spf stings a bit but it's getting better the more I use it and my skin clears.
2273	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This body wash has a pleasant scent and works well. You really need to use a body wash sponge since it does not lather well enough to use with only a washcloth(I tried it both ways).That is my only negative criticism of this product: it could lather better. For the price, I see no advantage to selecting this over others.
8972	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing product that smells wonderful.  Highly recommend.
Looking back, I wish I had started with this and the Merkur adjustable razor.  This would have given me a good foundation of what is available and saved me a little money in the long-run.  These two razors do everything I need.
4093	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Have not really noticed any difference. Expensive for quantity.
Sodium PCA, Sodium Laureth Sulfate
578	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Dermablend Cover Cr&egrave;me is definitely a concealer foundation makeup. The medium beige color is perfect for my skin color. I have several spots on my face and neck that I like to conceal and the Dermablend cover cr&egrave;me does it best. It comes with a spatula but I like to use the tip of my finger to get a very small amount and rub my fingers together to smooth out the makeup and then apply to my spots. One application covers them perfectly and I don't need to reapply. It is a sun screen as well, but I just use it for a concealer.

8583	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is a bit on the expensive side so I decided to try it. I have used this for 2 months together with the entire set and have seen minimal results on my acne prone skin. I will not be repurchasing.
2) The handle isn't burled so for some the grip may be a problem, for me it hasn't proved to be any less or more of an issue than any other razor.
Okay, my gripe is, I can't read the little tiny print on the box! Not enough to mark it down by any stars...this is a stellar 5-star product!
3881	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this color, and love that OPI finally added color to Nail Envy.  This was a perfect color to start with, too!

8172	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Jan Marini Transformation Cream for about 5 years now, as recommended by my aesthetician. It is truly a product that rejuvenates the skin and makes my skin look younger and gives it a fresher, more "glowing" appearance. I gets lots of compliments on my skin and I feel that Jan Marini is one of the reasons. It's worth every penny. I no longer waste my money on department store cosmetics that do nothing to stimulate the collagen, etc. Jan Marini gives proven results!
6876	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is brilliantly weird. I don't really like the smell but it goes away after it has been applied. It truly works overnight to help diminish acne. I  have been using it for a week with the Mario Badescu enzyme cleaner and I adore both products.
What did companies do before the internet when they wanted to discredit a product so their product would sell better?
9381	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
7728	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is my first time trying a product like this. I have pale skin that is somewhat blotchy and my cheeks are always a bit red. If I have a blemish the redness last weeks even after the blemish is gone.  The concealer is really green and a little goes a long way so definitely blend this in thoroughly.  I found that it worked better for me if I used this under a medium to full coverage foundation.  Most days I use a powder foundation due to it being quick and easy but found that the power I was using was too light and the green tint showed through too much for my likening.  I've been using this when I wear full coverage liquid foundation for special occasions and it doesn't look green but takes the red look out and covers well.  This product does help diminish the redness and give a more even complexion.
I think it is really difficult  to pick a color match online. The golden beige has a yellowish undertone. The sunscreen is a welcome and appreciated addition.
I have used it for a year. I must say it has satisfied me. Will continue using it.
9275	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Feels good on skin having sensitive skin. love all pca products. Will order again. Like to order when sales are on.
I have dry sensitive skin but I do like to use a toner type product once a week to get rid of any residue that stays behind from my normal creme cleanser.  This is much milder than the Clinique brand I am using.  I have tried Simple, Neutrogena and about four other brands before coming across this one.  It removes dead skin cells but doesn't dry your skin out.

3319	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A few folks on a haircare forum recommended this to me when I was asking about moisturizing shampoos.  I've only used this twice so far, but I love how rich it is and how healthy my hair feels after using it. It has a lovely, rose-like scent, and you need just the smallest amount to clean your hair.  It's also sulfate- and silicone-free for those following the Curly Girl routine.
I noticed another reviewer mentioned using this product around his eyes and the he had good results. I haven't done that because I am hesitant to use any glycolic acid on that very thin sensitive skin underneath my eyes.
The one downside is that it's slightly patchy.  There's a tendency for the lipstick to pill as the day went on.  Not hard to fix, but not perfect either.
7028	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this stuff. NEVER go to bed without slathering it on :)
2558	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Smells wonderful. However it irritated my hands , arms, chest, neck . Everywhere I put this thing on gave me pimples . Do not waste your money.
8568	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This doesn't work as well as TNS essential serum or Recovery Complex for getting rid of wrinkles, but pretty close. It smooths wrinkles out a bit and gives your face UV protection at the same time along with adding the same color tone to your whole face. I used to use TNS essential serum, TNS Recovery Complex, TNS Dermal Repai, and TNS Retinol. It was to much time. Now I just use this and almost get very close to the same great result in a fraction of the time. I've repurchased it several times and will continue to.
6453	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the entire Mario Badescu line -- I have used the buffering serum for awhile but find it dries out my sensitive skin. Enter the herbal hydrating serum -- this serum is more of a gel wheras the buffering is liquid. This feels nice when you apply it and appears to sink in quickly. I have always had good success with Mario Badescu products so I feel safe saying it is a well trusted brand!
2198	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty pigment & very smooth.  "Golden tan" in  Dior matches me perfectly and so does this. It is a concealer so it's thick & needs buffing out on the skin. I think it's everything I could want in a concealer for the face. For the under eye area, it's a little too thick for me, but that's just my preference.
4110	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My college son needs to shave often, and has been looking for a while for a set such as The Art of Shaving Full Size Kit. He lives at home so I can attest to the fact that he has been feeling very special and grown-up with the old fashioned brush and the pre-shave oil. The lathering was nice, and Now his older brother is quite envious! He uses a regular grocery-store blade, but I gather a good old-fashioned blade would work well with this set! He really loved the feel of the after-shave balm. He enjoys the fact that it is unscented, as he is very sensitive to scented products.
2156	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite shave cream. Does not have as many chemicals as the canned foam shave creams that are most common. This cream provides a nice click surface for a close shave and leaves your skin feeling nice and fresh. Has a nice tingle to it!
8991	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best curling iron I've ever owned!  Heats quickly, curls smoothly...helps prevent the harsh lines that appear when using drug-store quality tools.  I have longer than shoulder-length hair...this helps create curls that are formed well & loosen gently throughout the day.  HIGHLY recommended!
917	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	gluey
3387	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Opi

7965	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Looks just like real hair! Okay, so let me start by saying that I had alopecia (not sure on the spelling) when I was in college. The hair on the sides of my head, right above my ears just thinned out and has never grown back. I always wear my hair down because it's easy to cover the spots with my curly hair. However, if I ever want to wear my hair up, I'm faced with exposing my 2-Half-Dollar-sized bald spots. I've colored in the spots before, but I go through those eye pencils way too quickly and they aren't exactly real looking. These Fibers are the first thing that has really allowed me to wear my hair up and look normal. Don't get me wrong, I'm still keeping an eye out for a hair growth miracle, but in the mean time, this will do. ;)

8107	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This delivers just the right amount of color....natural. It stays on and makes my lips stay moist. I have several of these, in my bag, in my desk, in my cosmetic bag....  I have tried hundreds is lip balms over the years....and this is the best one I have ever tried. This is a must have.
2. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL TRANSLUCENT LOOSE SETTING POWDER (NO SPF):

2196	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product has a soft felt type tip on it, which is nice, but I did worry about contamination if you applied it to a blemish using the tip it comes with. I squeeze it onto a very fine Jane Iredale brush to apply it. It has a pleasant smell, is not thick or clumpy, hides blemishes well, and gets rid of them very quickly. There isn't much in the tube, but just a little dab covers very well, so it should last a while. I am very happy with this product.
2954	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first Baxter product I've used. It comes in a metal tube, similar to the type toothpaste used to come in. I use this in the shower and the tube caps tightly, preventing leakage. The product is a tan colored cream, with a lot of grit in it. You apply it to the face and gently massage away all the toxins and dead skin cells. It really works well. However, I've used Apricot scrubs, and pumice scrubs that work well too. I would go with Baxter's recommendation of using this product only once a week. That's all it is needed for my skin type. I do worry about getting the grit (corn meal and walnut shells) caught in my eye. The fragrance smells like wild cherries, and I'm not too keen on it; however it doesn't linger. It is expensive, but I may try some of the other Baxter products since my face deserves it!

5058	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As I have aged I have noticed that my skin has become dryer, especially my face so I am always on the look out for moisturizer that I can put on and forget about  but that also does the work of making my skin softer and more subtle.  This cream fills the bill as you put it on at night so it works while you sleep and after a few days application there is a noticeable difference to my skins softness and it is noticeably less dry .  Great product.
7715	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The smooth indulgence redness green concealer is a nice product that reduces redness.  The only issue I had is that it slides around easily until it dries.  I also noticed that it didn't last all day.


This a product that I had underestimated until today when I applied it under Dermablend Pro Translucent Loose Setting Powder, which may not be necessary if you want that chroma look; yet because I preferred the variable built-up applications I achieved with the Dermablend Professional Cr&egrave;me, I missed something with trying this last.  As before I was too quick to judge.  I had applied it very thick and then I went out.  I thought to myself that is was mask-like, yet nice moist cover.
Allow to dry or hit it with the hair dryer!

1860	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fabulous color!!! Cannot wear it enough, perfect for summer pedicures.

3259	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	your lips so soft most of the time.thank you,sofia
I have used Avene, Evian and LaRoche Posay's thermal waters. They all work about the same, but Evian's mineral content does not seem compatible with my skin. I find this one on par with Avene, both reasonably priced.

7574	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my first experience with this hairspray, even though it's been around for many years.  I bought it at Ulta for $7.99 during one of their Christmas deals.  I was looking for something with firm hold that I can use when I put my hair in a ponytail and have to deal with all the baby hairs around my hairline.  I wanted something that would keep these flyaways in check but that would not flake or look too shiny.  This product fits the bill really well.  My hair looked exactly the same at the end of the day as it did when I first styled it.  I didn't really try to brush through it but instead just got in the shower and rinsed it out before shampooing, so I can't speak to that feature of this spray.  However, I do like Zero Gravity when I wear my hair down.  It gives me nice flexible hold that's brushable and if you touch my hair you'd never know there was any hairspray in it at all.  It allows natural movement so that my style looks really relaxed and loose and it looks like hair, not like a wig or a helmet, lol!  These two Sebastian products have proved indispensable for me and I'm really glad I took the chance and purchased them.  I have several other favorite flexible hold hairsprays (Got2b Mind Blowing h/s, Carol's Daughter Monoi h/s and Nexxus Comb Thru) and each of them works in a different way.  I would put Zero Gravity in with Nexxus because they both have medium hold.  Got2b and CD are lighter and are great for days when the humidity here in Florida is low.  All in all, these Sebastian products have worked really well for me and I don't regret my purchases.  I haven't had any problems with the nozzles but if I do, be assured I'll promptly return them to the store.  I now have a nice collection of hairsprays that all do a great job.  My bathroom counter is extremely crowded at the moment, lol!  The only two firm hold hairsprays I recommend are Shaper and TIGI Masterpiece, which does add shine.  I save these for days when I need extra strong hold, usually for an updo.  They work no matter what the weather dishes out.  Shaper and Zero Gravity are certainly worth the $7.99 price tag and I'll even consider paying the regular retail price for them if they continue to perform well.  I definitely recommend them both at this point.  They both work great for me but for totally different looks.
102	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love the color.

2829	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff! I have used it daily for a couple years now and my face always feels clean, with only the rare zit here or there. The smell is great and the lather is average, but enough to feel like its cleaning thoroughly. I do notice my face feeling a bit dried out after use, but not to an extent that I feel like I need a lotion or something. Jack Black products aren't exactly a bargain, but I have tried several competing products and always end up back at this stuff.
6726	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE IT,WARMS PRETTY FAST,AND MAKE NICE CURLS!!
1405	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	best toothpaste on the market!
390	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow. This Dermablend brand is amazing. I am no make up professional, but I have to say this cream cover goes on extremely well, and it covers any spot or blemish you have on your face. It does provide coverage, complete coverage. I found best used with an applicator. The tone matched the color extremely well, and it smoothes in nicely.
1951	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	a cream color very pretty magenta purple pink not super bright just right. Would recommend for others to purchase for nice summer or all seasons color.
3353	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Chick Flick Cherry is a rich blue-red that makes me think of old movies and late nights in the summertime. This is the color of red I like to wear in the summertime with open-toed shoes.  It gives a little mystery, but flirty enough to say hello.  It is a versatile red that is perfect in the winter months as well.  I really like the darker, richer reds in the winter time as there is something comforting and cozy about the color.  If you are not one for blue-reds, this would not be the shade for you.  I put on one coat of polish and it is the perfect shade of red for me.  I don't think I would like it with a second coat.  I do love OPI products but this came with some of the bristles straight out to the side.  While they don't get in the way of polishing my nails, I do worry about product dripping off those stray bristles.
My first attempt with it doesnt count, since I spread it very thin, allowing a bit of dermatitis I had at the time to show some dry skin through.  And I went out that night wondering why this was happening.  I hadnt read the instructions yet.  First of all, I thought I needed to get rid of the rash that was there before reapplying and reviewing this product, and second, I thought I needed to exfoliate since I have dry patches on spots.  Now I get it!  This particular crme has to be built up gradually for me. And building it up judiciously is not problematic at all.  This product is soft and smooth.  It appeared to be a very thin product at first, and it kind of softens and blends as you work with it.  It is lovely.
This product may cause stinging when you first begin to use it, especially if you have never used glycolic acid products before. It wasn't that bad for me, and would only sting for a few seconds, so I didn't have any issues continuing to use the 20% strength. However, if you do have really sensitive skin, I suggest that you start with the 10 or 15% strength glycolic acid pads. Glycolix makes those strengths as well. Good luck!
A bonus is that it's really easy to clean from the sink.  After a night's shave I thought I had cleaned up all of it from the sink, but the next morning I found clumps I didn't see before.  Thinking it was going to give me a hassle to remove as my previous shaving cream had (Barbasol), I grabbed some toilet paper and pressed firmly across it.  I realized I didn't need to push down hard, and it wiped cleanly off with ease.

computer and ordered this here on Amazon. He was happy that within 2 days he had
6106	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this cleanser. My face feels very clean after using it, but doesn't feel dry.
8327	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	love butter polish....this color was just a bit light for me.........has shimmer to it but is light even with 2 coats.
I currently use a twezzerman badger brush its nice but I lose bristles every time it is used.  The art of shaving brush takes a beating and does not lose a hair.  Even tried to pull out a bristle and they are packed in tight.
8541	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has the feel of a lotion that washes off. Not soapy. Leaves your face feeling hydrated, smooth, and clean. Great for combination or dry skin. I previously tried Bioelements Sensitive Skin Cleanser (an oil) and Decongestant Cleaner (more soapy) and this one is my favorite of the three.
You can see the full ingredients list on the product page if you zoom in on the images.  It isn't 100% natural or anything like that, but it does have a somewhat less "chemical" list of ingredients than a lot of shampoos I've tried.  (For me, that's neither here nor there.  I am primarily concerned that it works and doesn't irritate my scalp or make my hair fall out, and this passes all three of those tests.)
2748	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've been using Nuxe products for about five years, ever since I first discovered their&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/NUXE-Huile-Prodigieuse-Multi-Purpose-Dry-Oil-1-6-fl-oz/dp/B000BO52TE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">NUXE Huile Prodigieuse Multi-Purpose Dry Oil, 1.6 fl. oz.</a>, after reading about it in a beauty magazine.  I've given bottles of Huile Prodigieuse as gifts, and everyone loves it.
6747	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Would buy again.  Like the large iron.  Worth the money (a good deal) and came recommended by our stylist.  We ordered it for a Christmas gift thru Amazon.
Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.
At 13.5 oz, this bottle is 1 1/2-2 times larger than other comparable products so the price per ounce is not unreasonable.
9800	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Proraso shave cream with great success.  I purchased this "Soap in the Bowl" to support a recent vacation as I did not want to travel with my ceramic bowl.  This product provided a very comparable lather and since it was the same ingredients as the cream in the tube, I did not experience any break-outs as a result.  This is a must have for travel or for anyone not wanting to mess with the separates.


4401	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband made fun of me when I first received this bottle in the mail. I opened it and smelled it, because our family has allergies to smells and I wanted to make sure it was safe. And then I smelled it again. I shook it up and smelled it again. This beauty product has absolutely no smell. This is really good news for those of you having to guard against allergic reactions. I was concerned because of the lack of smell that it wouldnt work. It works well. I wouldnt say its my absolute favorite makeup remover because I have one (that does smell) that works just a tad better. However, this one is pretty darned good and I didn't feel the sting that some others can give you. Id get this again.

It smells pretty similar on to how it smells in the tube (though your body chemistry may vary).  It lasts about half a day for me and even if I wear a lot, it's not too strong.  Glad I got a chance to try it. (Because the scent is a little different, it may be worth getting a sample from somewhere before committing to an entire bottle.)


2024	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color has a lot of brown and a slightly noticeable burgundy, a rather nice mixture for fall. I would recommend this color in place of red or brown.
6957	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I couldn't be happier with the Age Defy Moisturizer except maybe if it came in a larger container for a cheaper price!  After using this product for over a week I can already see an improvement in my skin.  When I opened the 2 fl. oz. container you get a very light scent that is not cloying or oppressive.  The texture of the lotion is so smooth and spread easily over my face.  It absorbed quickly and I was left with a light glow.  It did not appear oil or greasy at all.  My skin feels firmer and I really liked how soft it made my skin feel.  With items I review from Vine, one of the elements that I judge them off of is would I buy it on my own after I used the sample, with the Juice Beauty Green Apple Age Defy Moisturizer, I would definitely purchase more of the moisturizer.
9413	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best mascara. The brown / espresso color is so natural for a brunette. Looks amazing. Lengthens, thickens and separates. Looks shieny and natural. Use with primer and it lasts all day. Doesnt clump and doesnt run. Ive never used a perfect mascara like this before.
You can use this as a sunscreen or foundation.  For use as a sunscreen, product will need to be reapplied every two hours.  For use as a foundation, it will last all day. This product provides great coverage with the benefit of a Broad Spectrum SPF 30 sunscreen.
157	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another great color from opi, girl friend loves it.

1745	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is soooooi nice! I get always compliments every time i have it on my nails. I keep buying it , this is my 4 bottle!
1879	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This color was everything that I wanted it to be...almost exactly what you see on the picture! I did my nails, then went to work two days later, so unfortunately it did chip. That was my fault though..I was a bit rough on them! Regardless, I would definitely recommend this Essie polish. It is beautiful!
I never used a setting powder before and had my doubts that it would even make a difference in my appearance. I shall doubt no more! This is some good stuff.
433	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this dermablend product. Actually all their products I have tried worked great. I just need to find the "right" one for my skin tone. That's hard though because you see I use this to cover my natural redness. I have plenty of color but my face is "almost" always tinged red. SO I love this stuff because 1.) its a sunscreen, 2.) its in a compact container, 3.) it last me all day. I apply once in the morning to cover my red face, hasn't happened yet but eventually someone is gonna see it and ask me why I "a man" am using make up. I will say hey whoa no hold up. This my friend is tinted sunscreen. Fortunately it says it right there on the container so I'm golden (in more ways than 1 lol). I get tired of people asking me if I have been on vacation - NO, I have not been. It's just my face tans very easy and then there is a tint of red although I am not burned. This stuff cover s the red, doesn't get on my shirt, last all day. I love it.

I picked this out to try because my skin is normally dry, but during big temperature changes like we have in the South during the spring, it gets very, very oily, and that's been a problem lately.  This has some menthol it in that felt slightly cooling on my skin.  I read while it dried and found it pleasant to have on.  It rinsed off easily.  I felt like it took every bit of oil, dirt, sweat- everything, out of my skin.  My skin felt vacuumed out.  My skin looked a bit rosy and felt a bit dry and tight.  I put some moisturizer on and my skin just sucked it up, much more than normal.  24 hours later and my skin still didn't feel oily, only normal.
5087	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I use this about once a week and use acid peels in between. Its mild, but effective. It arrived quickly and I will probably reorder when I run out.
5917	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm Caucasian and pretty white, but for some reason, a lot of red nail polishes have just made my hands look kind of dirty and unappealing. Another problem I've often had with them is that they end up looking brownish instead of properly red. Come to Bed Red is different. To me, its the perfect red, a true red that isn't pink, isn't Brown, and isn't neon. I get a lot of compliments on my long, natural nails and part of how I keep them from getting damaged is to apply many layers of this, which creates a thick finish that is surprisingly durable, often lasting several days with little to no tip wear and zero chipping. One complaint I have is that I've found BL polishes take a very long time to dry, but the fact that the polish is thick and that I apply many layers overall probably worsens that. Also, it's frustrating that it seems to get thicker as you use the bottle up. Even so, I love it and repurchase again and again in this colour.
7509	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	All the skin care products from NIA24 are excellent.  This cream is a touch greasy upon application, so if that is something of concern to the buyer, you may not care for this.  It seems to be rapidly absorbed by the skin, if you use just a dab.  To use generously will most certainly leave an oily feel and look.  I rate it 4 stars, instead of 5, only because of the oily consistency to the cream.
It's color and dye free, non-comedogenic, and doesn't have a scent that I can detect.
3518	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	exactly as expected
The product itself is intensely concentrated color.  A little goes a long way.  This one compact will last beyond my life expectancy.  It goes on smoothly.  There is not staining dust all over the place.  I really like it.
Dry skin sufferers will need to layer something more emollient on top of this
4182	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	PCA is a wonderful skin care line for any skin type. My daughter is 22, and loves this product. I'm 53, and love this!
558	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My skin color more accurately matches the Linen shade of DermaBlend, but I gave this Natural Beige a try, just to see what the coverage was like. Instead of setting powder, which is recommended by DermaBlend, I used Infallible Pro-Glow powder in Nude Beige. I liked the results -- the combination did lessen discolorations of the skin. But it's hard to keep from inadvertently rubbing off the makeup over the course of a day. But for a temporary solution, this cover creme is a good choice. As to ingredients, it's nice to see that I recognize the first three -- mineral oil, talc and beeswax -- and the SPF 30 sunscreen is titanium oxide.


2227	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So, as I was searching the internet one night for a product to help my adult cystic acne, I came across these glycolic acid treatment pads. The reviews were great, and they were also supposed to help with fine lines and wrinkles! I was VERY skeptical for sure, but I was also desperate, so I ordered them.
One thing that I noted was that there are artificial colors in this mask when it is pretty much just white anyway.  It seems like those are just unnecessary to me.  There's also some fragrance components that could cause some people problems, though the scent itself is just very light and not at all strong.  The clay is Kaolin.
I would never have thought that cleansing with "oil" would be so awesome.  Even though there is NO "lather" whatsoever, you can visibly see this cleanser lifting impurities from your skin.  I place a small amount of the cleanser on my index and middle fingers and gently rub into my skin in a circular motion.  I then dampen a cotton round and remove the cleaner and the impurities it has removed from my skin.  The cleanser leaves a slight oily residue which is quickly absorbed into my skin leaving it feeling soft and smooth.  The cleanser is not drying, yet does not feel greasy.  It has a very light fragrance which is extremely pleasant.  I have not had ANY adverse reactions, and the Camellia Oil has not caused any blemishes.  The cleanser is Paraben-free, Soap-free, Alcohol-free, Colorant-free, and pH-balanced.
6875	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!  Amazing
5570	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	awesome a must for thinning hair, just sprinkle on the area and take fingers and jiggle hair a little and style as usual...it is AMAZING...THIS is a very light blond...they also make a med blond that is great on light blond hair that may cover better...don't use too much bec it can make scalp itchy but you really don't need a lot...

7692	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I read a review about Bioelements' mask recently and decided to give it a try. I'm glad I did.  First of all it smells great, goes on easily and only takes a small amount to cover your whole face.  I put it on before my shower and before I'm ready to get out I simple wash it off. My face feels fresh, smooth and clean!
3445	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
7982	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have not been disappointed at all.

Men should definitely use this aftershave cream balm treatment formulated with Vichy Mineralizing Thermal Water and Calcium. It is suitable for sensitive skin with dual action: it immediately soothes and fortifies skin after shaving. This formula is alcohol-free, fragrance-free and paraben-free. It can be applied to face and neck after shaving. I will be bold to say that women could use it on their legs after shaving.  It will make sin soft and provide general moisture.
9828	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	smells great!! works well
4042	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This makes a nice toner and may be a nice makeup remover. I'm a guy and don't wear makeup so I'm using this as a toner after I wash my face with a face soap, and the results are nice. It's quite gentile and refreshing and does seem to help remove any left over dirt on my face that didn't come off with washing my face.
5651	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have VERY thin hair on the top and front of my head. I'm a 41 yr old female with female pattern baldness. I have medium brown  curly hair. Based on previous reviews I chose light brown. I'm happy I did me because it blended perfectly. To apply I found the spray applicator works best for me. I dry and style my hair and then gently lift sections up and holding the sprayer 3-6" above my hair, give shallow "poofs" to the shaft and 2-3" in length from my scalp. Then I lay the hair back in the desired style and generally mist the hair in the thinnest spots-patting the hair to gently push it into the hair itself. Then light spray with hairspray. I have also not used hair spray and it stayed in place as well. It has never come off on my pillow or my clothes. The only issue I have is getting too close to my scalp- it can become polka dots in my bald spots if not careful. If you have a small bald spot this would be fine, but my hair is so thin I would need a lot of product to cover my scalp. Toppik plumps the hair I have and dusts my scalp in color to minimize my scalp showing. My husband thinks it looks really natural- he didn't know what I had done but kept saying how good my hair looked. He was surprised when I told and showed him the product. He had no idea it was fibers! Part of what really makes my hair look thicker is that this product is great to make your hairline part look thinner and thus making your hair appear fuller. To keep a straight part line, lay a pipe cleaner on top of your part or use a piece of paper to cover the part line and then apply to Toppik over the paper/pipe cleaner. You will be amazed how minimizing your part maximizes the look of your hair! It's a good solution with little effort. Depending in your type of thinning/balding will determine if the product is successful for you. The product does attach to the hair you have and does appear thicker and it does not come off until you wash it. It did exactly what it promised to. Good luck!
9343	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love love the smell of this, makes your hair more manageable, as well as adding shine, and protecting your hair. Used daily, this will improve the health of your hair, and look. I becomes soft, manageable and shiny. It smooths the hair strands as well.
5009	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The great thing about this pencil is its thin fine point. As someone who tweezed my eyebrows to the point of non-existence, I have become adept at filling my eyebrows in. Most products out there are either powders that wear off quickly or thicker point pencils that create an artificial brow line.
2249	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This winter, my face was all dry and itchy. The facial cleanser (Kiehl's) and moisturizer (Ren for sensitive skin) that I've been using were just not working anymore. In fact, they were making my problem worse...my skin was getting more irritated, dry and red. I tried Mustela Stelatopia Moisturizing Cream which was advertised as good for eczema-prone skin. I've been using this for more than 2 months now and I no longer have a problem. I use the cream right after I wash my face in the morning (using Mustela cleanser) and reapply at night after cleansing before bedtime. No more dry, irritated skin! I'm so happy with this product and highly recommend it to my friends.
1184	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've recently discovered that my thick hair was starting to fall out around the bangs area.  Through the tears I decided to try different products to see which was the best for me.  I tried tinted dry shampoo, root touch up spray and Toppik.  The root touch up spray was just ok, I felt that I had to spray paint on my head.  It does cover grays roots very well!  Tinted dry shampoo was better and passable,  I did't like the feel of it though plus you have to brush a lot of the dust out. Toppik was my favorite of the 3 by far.  It covered well and blended in nicely with my hair color.  This is what I'll be using!
I look forward to trying their conditioner and would recommend this shampoo for anyone looking for a mild but effective treatment for thinner hair.
8203	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Butter London rocks even if they DO NOT have a thinner!  This makes one's BL nail polish last even longer!
Great  price.
6293	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Im a lotion junkie who also has a mercury allergy. I have no issues with this lotion! It goes on a little heavier than a light lotion, like Jergins for example. It does remain on the hands for a little bit. The scent is like that GOOD unrecognizable scent your grandma wears. I use this before bed and there was a very light but on my skin in the am.
Update: I have been using it 2x a day and am happy with it so far.  It exfoliates and is creamy in texture.  This product does require a fair amount of rinsing after cleansing because the tiny exfoliating beads tend to take longer to wash off.


4656	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My niece has been fighting acne problems for several years. Not severe; just enough to be distressing and annoying. She has been using the Juice Beauty Organics to Clear Skin Kit for a couple of weeks now and it appears to be doing a pretty good job of clearing it up for her. The cleanser seems to be the best part of the kit. The moisturizer, not so much. Too thick and feels clogging and the scent is less than wonderful. Each person's skin is different, of course, so this probably works better on some than others. Definitely worth trying and she will continue to use the cleanser. Still not sure of the final outcome here. I will post updates as I hear more.
2239	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have only used this for 4nights now (I use it only at night) and my goodness!!!!!! My face is BABY BOTTOM SOFT- NO JOKE!!!. It stings though, so you have to be careful. However, the stinging doesn't last. I have been following  DermTv Dr for a while who suggests incorporating an exfoliant into one's regimen. He particularly likes glycolic acid and i can see why. This product from glycolix is one of the best glycolic acid-base products I have used. Worth every penny!!!
Acetone odor very high.
1048	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dermablend wins again!  I have been trying various setting powders, and they all need re-applying through the day.  This one lasted all day (I leave the house for work at 0500 and return at 1930).  Certainly, on a super hot day when I'm outside, I may choose to re-apply in the afternoon, but it's not "necessary".
Not criticizing the product, I did give it 5 stars, just not a save-all. I'd say incorporate it into the routine but vary your treatments and keep an open mind. This one is a little strong for daily. I'd say it's a good 1-2x week routine for the face.
500	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has great coverage. I couldn't use it because the shade was wrong for me and has too much of a warm undertone. I've used other Dermablend foundations and love them, so don't think this one would be any different. But yeah check out the shades online prior to buying so you pick the right one.

There has been more exposure with LOreal in my experience than I can mention here, including most recently, a lovely reddish-brown shade of eyeshadow that stays put, a super-mascara, another lip paint, some face-tone enhancers, and a creamy-to-dry, light-colored eye light, among others.
1068	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Power not as white but ok
If your skin is missing a touch of moisture, dewiness, need a new toner, or a way to refresh your skin with or without makeup, give this a try!
5031	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is good, but it is NOT $44.00 amazing.
I recommend reading the directions on this.  I used the little spatula that came with the packaging, scooped a little foundation out and I made sure to warm the product up on the back of my hand before applying to my face with my fingers.
6253	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Not authentic! Does not work like the real ones! Piece of junk
2524	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My older daughter loves this parfum and I had ordered this for her.  I have to make her promise not to wear it around me as it give me a migraine!  This was the best price anywhere on the Internet when I ordered it.  It was packaged in original wrapped box and was in perfect condition.
  1. DERMABLEND COVER CR&Egrave;ME WITH TITANIUM DIOXIDE SUNSCREEN (30SPF):
8746	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This really does do what they say. It calms the skin , takes out the redness . If I have a breakout and use a pimple medication that then inflames the surrounding area with peeling etc. this works great. My only thing is they used to make a healing cream and I liked that better because you left it on.
3314	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've not used a pencil style lip color before. I've used a lip liner pencil but this is so much more. Good for whole lip color, vibrant and rich hues. I am pale and cool in my skin tones; this rosewood/wood combination looks terrific on me. Very festive. The biggest plus is that this has staying power and lasts throughout the day. Doesn't bleed. No flavor or scent.
8318	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Butter brand polish has added to my collection from this brand. The colours (and monikers) are great. The less toxic ingredients are an added bonus!


4230	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for PMLE on my face!
807	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	easy to apply and works pretty well , baby cheeks are still red but not rough
3151	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you are someone who LOVES a truly feminine fragrance...this is IT! I specially  selected this perfume, and I will be wearing happily on my wedding day in 2 weeks! I want to have the perfect scent that will always remind me of the day I get married! I was reading Tuberose and Vanilla aromas have very relaxing and calming properties which will be perfect for me as a nervous bride. This perfume also carries notes of Creme Brulee which happens to be my fiance's favorite dessert! I was wearing a little bit of the fragrance yesterday and he couldn't stop clinging to me...he just loves it!
7398	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love love love this!
466	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dermablend products are the bomb. They cover up scars, acne and discolorations or flaws on your face, but it doesn't feel heavy. If you want to use it as a sunscreen, you will need to apply every two hours. If you want to use as a foundation, you will need  to apply in layers and when done, use the powder to finish the look and set the look. You can also use lighter shades for highlighting and dark colors for contouring to get that perfect face This product has not caused any irritation to my skin and works extremely well. It also comes with a paddle so that you can apply in small amounts where needed.
3734	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am in my 3rd month, I do know it takes about 6 months to see results.  I do find it is helping my nails--they are stronger and look so much nicer.  I am hoping it will strengthen my fragile hair.  I have never had patience to continue with treatments before--I want to see instant results--but I now realize that in order to see any improvement it will take time so I am committed to giving this treatment a chance.
8416	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Skin feels like new
I find this to have a mild but pleasant scent that does not stick around for long after application.  It does not irritate my eyes at all (of course I don't get toner *in* my eyes, but sometimes if other toners get a bit close, they can sting -- this one does not).
1029	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Your little baby deserves gentle, safe, non-irritating products. This nicely packaged gift set  contains all-natural, plant-based baby skin care & shampoo products that are hypoallergenic and chemical free.

8637	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lotion leaves no sticky residue, has a beautiful, light floral scent that lingers, and seemed to keep working even after I washed a sink full of dishes. In addition, I didn't need to use a lot to get a moisturizing effect.
1828	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color.
5782	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've bought this several times, I'm #1 la Roche buyer because is the best out of all treatments I've used! Buy it with confidence
1678	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great color goes with anything red orange etc

3974	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very oily skin. The good news is Im not that wrinkly for my age. The bad news is by mid-morning I get that slick look on my face that gives me the unwanted attention I don't seek. Thus, I use some high-end face powders that have given me great results.
*Only buy PM from an Ulta store or professional salons paulmitchell(dot)com lists. Otherwise you risk buying fake, old, or tampered product.
7221	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this foundation.  It covers well.
This feels like an oil on my lips but one that stays put and gives a slight sheen.  It has a very faint flavor of lime, peppermint, and coconut.  It's a great sensation.
7202	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like how the brightening gives your complexion just the right amount of glow.

Soap/cream: obviously the product you are hopefully wanting to purchase
5346	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it , fast ship


9878	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a replacement for my thrift store purchase Weimar era Hoffritz slant blade razor which had seen better days and was truly worn out. Merkur took over Hoffritz years ago and this razor is a close version of my original. The indescribable effects of 6 or 7 decades of use aside, the two razors are indeed very similar. Like the original, this razor pivots (cantors?  not sure of how to exactly describe it) the blade maybe 5 or 10 degrees so that the sweeping motion of your hand combines with slicing secondary to the angle. Imagine a capital letter T and now tilt the top bar so that instead of pointing to 3 and 9 o'clock, it's pointing to 3:30 and 9:30. Dig it? The outcome is a super close shave especially good for thicker, rougher stubble. It takes a little practice and inattentiveness often precedes minor nicks, but the outcome is worth the effort. Recommended but maybe not as a first safety razor.
2726	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jane Iredale is the best.  Nothing else need be said.  Be sure to get the perfect color for you at a salon - Prefessional recommendation is needed. It is worth the extra step.
Overall, the $9 set proved to be just as useful as this $120 set.  If you are a shaving snob, I suggest you stop here and give me a negative rating review, because you're just going to get more pissed off farther down.
1110	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best setting powder I've found for my skin. I use it to set my Clinique liquid foundation and it gives me a flawless finish. The powder is super fine compared to other powders I've tried. It's not gritty. I dust it on with a brush very lightly and let it naturally absorb my oils. It lets my foundation set nicely. The only complaint is the price, but the container lasts me a good long time.
9762	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Juice Beauty is known for their organic and more natural products. They have fewer additives than most cosmetics but are also pricier.



4715	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The lipstick was broken when I got it so now I can only apply it with my finger.  Most of it was broken off in the lid.  Bummer.
3456	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color. Natural and fresh
9524	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have combination skin with occasional breakouts, and I think this cleanser is maybe too intense for my skin. It has a lot of natural ingredients and is pretty powerful! So if you have very oily skin, try this!
9708	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As a Vine reviewer I've had the opportunity of using a lot of skin creams, many of them exquisite including one outrageous one with caviar.  The NIA24 is one of the best I've tested over the years. Although my primary use of skin creams is after shaving I still appreciate the texture, smoothness, moisturizing quality and other aspects of what I fine cream is supposed to do.  This has it all.  My wife, who is a skin cream afficionado agrees with me that this cream, though a little pricey, is worth it.  If you've got the bucks give it a shot.

1399	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm an African American male with thinning hair on the sides as well as top due to over processing my hair as a youth. It makes it difficult to get a nice even haircut and I can't where the low to bald styles since I have acne keloiditis around the rear hairline which causes hair loss and unattractive keloids. It's so embarrassing that I don't even like for people to stand behind me on the elevator. One day I discovered Toppik and although no one in the videos had my type of hair I thought what the hell, it's worth a try.
4094	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a really nice, emollient cream, but it's a bit too greasy for my tastes.  I've been using it for about two weeks now, and each time I use it, I have a hard time getting it to stay just on my cuticles and nail beds; it leaves my entire finger tip greasy, which then makes it hard to use my phone or computer.

6997	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I wanted to try this primarily for the skin brightening, but also to combat fine lines. The ingredient list wasn't full of scary things so it was worth trying.
6057	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Leaves my face feeling clean.


I must admit, I didn't see much change in the first week but as time went on and I became much more thorough with my routine I absolutely loved it.  I had pimples around my chin that were big, red and painful.  Now I don't have hardly any coming up at that time of the month and if I do, they disappear very fast
It's also adjustable, allowing you to choose a setting from one to six. There's no click-stop so the settings are virtually infinite. The higher up you go the more the blade is exposed, at setting one I would think it's nearly impossible to cut or nick yourself. At settings 5-6 you're pretty much using a straight razor and unless you have your technique mastered I think you're destined for some battle wounds.
7628	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Broke out.
I have never had any training on how to use make-up properly.  I truly love the Internet because you can search anything and find clear instructions and videos.  Even on the Dermablend Website, you will find some useful tips and clear instructions.  You can even go to a department store that sells this brand for some guidance, proper methods of applying, and what color combination is best for your skin.
3969	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This setting powder is straightforward.  It's used after foundation and blush/bronzer to keep the makeup last long and to keep urban pollutants/smog and dirt/dust from getting absorbed. I've been using it in the winter and expect that it'd work even better during the hot and humid months.  As it is, it's kept my foundation looking good and meant less need for touchups throughout the day.  So far, it hasn't caused any reactions or skin irritation.
When I posted something with JB hoping to get assistance, I got nothing, nana, zip. Seems they were just more happy to have suckered me into a 2nd month and didn't feel the need to help out someone who could potentially be a lifelong customer IF this horrible purge ever passes because I'm pretty determined. Instead, I'm left to assume it'll either get better in the next 30 days or I'll need to go to another product. If it improves I'll keep it - but as it's looking (which is pretty darn nasty at the moment) I'll likely employ their so-called return policy - again I just have to see if this purge is a myth or not. I've had similar breakouts, but nothing like this.
7262	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best foundation for rosacea!  I think it's the zinc.  It doesn't cause a rosacea flare up, and actually seems to calm my face.  Awesome!  So glad I have found this makeup- excellent coverage but still natural looking.
Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.

-The toner has a light fragrance to it, but the moisturizer and face wash are fragrance free.
5074	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is their darkest color and it definitely gives you a tan look. It's not orange but more brown-ish. Prob more appropriate for the summer when your neck etc is tan otherwise you will have that neck line going on. It has a strong smell but you get used to it. I love the fact it's all natural and has spf. Will buy again
8572	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have noticed smoother, clearer skin. Great product.
The foundation stayed on well all day into the night and did not seem to settle into the creases or turn uneven through the day. I did not experience any oxidizing of the foundation (turning orange) either.
3091	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have really sensitive skin, so finding products that are compatible can be challenge.  Along with being sensitive, it's DRY.  So I've developed some dry lines on my forehead that NO amount of moisturizing has been able to fix.  I decided to give this a try.

1934	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with the quality of the polish and the color is simply beautiful on my tanned feet.
7670	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had a facial with the Nia products and I liked the way my skin felt so I decided to purchase some of the products.
5325	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This scrub is by far the best one out there I have ever tried.  My skin is very sensitive and dry, and I truly feel like I have used every scrub in the departments stores out there; even very expensive high end brands.  This particular scrub leaves my skin feeling soft and supple with out it feeling dry at all.  I use it 2-4 times a week.

This went on more smoothly than most polishes I've used lately (over an OPI base coat).  It dried quickly.  I used two coats to get it fully opaque, but depending on your preferences, you might be able to get by with one thick coat.  I got only one tiny bubble that you can hardly even see (I've had much worse bubbling problems with other polishes).  So far, I don't have any shrinking or chips although that might change when I clean house later tonight.  But about 18 hours after application, it still looks nearly perfect.  I'd say this was one of the better-performing Zoya polishes I've used in that regard.  (I have quite a few of them.)
8111	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	WORKS GREAT

2301	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works well
Wow again.  I hadnt understood at first how I can use this, as one of the colors I own is a darker bronze; and while I hadnt yet noticed the medium (my shade).  I mistakenly applied some of the dark under my cheekbones to see a defined look which actually worked for me, yet thick as I applied it - and silly me! I am thinking that since this product says body in the title it is going to be nice for use on varicose veins and other body imperfections like a permanent rash I have. Double win with this product results!
7968	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Have been using Toppik--a very good product for sure--during several years now, but amazon offers other hair fibers at a much better price. Spencer Forrest had best begin competing with its prices!
Sept Update
I will also caution that a little goes a LONG way with this product - even when I was trying to use as little as possible, a tiny dab was always plenty to share between both eyes.
3095	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very good
So it really does work well as a cleanser and also it is a makeup remover. It's also advertised to work as a toner as well. In fact, they recommend leaving it on your face for 5 minutes before you wash it off.


3880	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice Color
2217	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awsome stuff. Be careful how fast you'd introduce it into your regime. I started with 2 x a week. It will peel the surface of your face and gives you a beautiful shine.
1193	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
8829	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this eye cream. Mild smell and perfect texture for the eyes.
9714	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have only been using this a week but have noticed how soft my skin feels. It feels so hydrated throughout the day. My make up goes on smoother too.

6862	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best treatment for pimples and those dreaded ones that are under the skin. With drastically reduce pimple size and redness

If the company took this formula, added some different colors and shades to the line and made them have a variety of scents, they would probably have a very popular new line of women's lip glosses! I like this enough that I will use the rest of the tube for myself. If they had this available in a fragrance that didn't remind me of Vicks medicine, I would even order more.
935	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice color.  Able to build color.
I returned it.

top notes: bergamot, black pepper, and mandarin
day 7- more vitmain E and cover up. no using gel. almost cried looking in the mirror
  I started purchasing from Amazon and found the product more reasonably priced.  Amazon also has a pump that screws onto the Toppik bottle and you can direct the powder better to the areas where you need it most.  I use a little hair spray to help hold it in place.  I found the medium brown covers my scalp better than the light brown and blends better with my hair color and highlights.  I would be lost without this product.  One negative I don't think can be avoided, is the powder can make your hair look a little dull at the roots, but the alternative would be the appearance of  thinning hair.  I order the refills and re-use my container.
233	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty color, translucent and shimmery.  I use it over 2 coats of Essie Mademoiselle for a fresh, clean, almost-French  manicure look.
9232	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Drying Lotion has worked so well for me, my husband and my friends.  I've been using it for 10 years whenever I have a pimple developing.  I feel its effect immediately and after a day or so of use the pimple is immediately reduced, sometimes doesn't even fully develop.  A bottle lasts for a long time since you only need it for spot treatment.


* It works. My skin feels smoother after only a few uses.
5223	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife loves this stuff and won't use anything else - Amazon prices are SO MUCH BETTER than the store prices!!!

After 3 solid weeks of use, I can tell you that this product did poof up my lips noticeably, (but not obnoxiously) and did it without burning or irritation (unlike previous versions I has tried). The lines decreased, too. I used it once in the morning and once at night, and did occasionally use it during the day, too. I used a little lip liner and then rubbed it in to get rid of the harsh lip liner look. It worked great...and now it will be part of my daily regimen.

2944	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my husband and he loves it!  The pump is nice as it does not clog or get crusty.  The product works really well and leaves his face super smooth and soft.
3315	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been trying to find this combination forever. Had it previously, but down to where my sharpener makes no difference. Still have my original one, but can't seem to sharpen it, after using several different sharpeners. Gave up and luckily could still see the colors so I could buy a new one.

The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.

7954	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	What would I do without Toppik Hair Building Fibers?  They save my vanity every time.

2996	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product
OVERALL: While this Baxter line of skin care products doesn't offer anything revolutionary, I really like the facial cleanser because it is fragrance free, very gentle, leaves the skin feeling moist, but does a more thorough clean than the comparable Cetaphil brand. The toner makes my face shiny, so I've avoided using it regularly, but it has a fun minty feel to it that is fine as long as your skin isn't sensitive to it. The moisturizer is good enough, I use small doses of it. The price may seem fairly high, but if you compare it to Cetaphil again, it's about the same price for a cleanser and moisturizer. I give it an above average recommendation!
Amazing product!
5798	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Made lips burn. Yipes! Usually Korres is more gentle!
5419	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. My skin is smooth and soft with no dryness. I use it over a Neocutis serum which seems to work very well

In general, Jack black is considered more of an "anti-aging" line, hence the higher price point.
1. You don't prefer a cleanser used with water. I do, unfortunately.
1104	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This powder is second to none. It really sets your make up and stays on all day.  Perfect to finish off your look!! Great for any skin type.


5043	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this. Has saved my skin that gets so dry from retin a. I mix two pumps with my BB cream and mix and apply with a sponge for such flawless coverage. Life long addicted to this. So refreshing from the peppermint. My skin is insanely sensitive and I break out easily but have had zero issues. Love this.
What I have found with this pencil is that despite it looking very close in color to the other two which I have previously mentioned, it does not wear as well.  I have done one brow with this pencil and a different one on the other.  At the end of the day, the other brand is still good, but the Vincent Longo pencil is smeary, spotty, and seems to have settled into my pores a bit too.
This assortment has individual ratings of 1-4. Unscented products like the diaper rash cream score a 1 (lowest toxicity), the scented products ( like the shampoo) score higher (at least a 4).  Highest (most toxic) on the EWG Scale is about a 10.
6994	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've been using thus for the last 10 days so it's too early to say if this has helped my skin.

For many years, I was hooked on buying my skincare from Home Shopping Channels and I know I've spent MUCH more than $62.00 on any one of the Isomers, Peter Thomas Roth, Dr. Denese products, etc. that I literally threw money away on, and except for the temporary anti-wrinkle serums, NOTHING ever came close to achieving the results that bonafide skincare products provide.
The scent is a mix of mandarin orange, bamboo and bergamot, with sandalwood, cedar and white musk middle notes, and base notes of nutmeg, ginger, amber and fir resin.  No, Im not the owner of a really really good nose; I researched the composition of the scent. And I also learned that the scent was originally marketed in 2005.
I highly recommend this product.  Its really a toss up between the Proraso cream and the soap.  The cream seems to lather a little faster but soap is easier to travel with.  Plus its easier for me to control the amount I load into the brush with the cream.  If you're new to wet shaving you I suggest you start with this product.
day 5-woke up convinced i was scarred for life. the patch was dry and dark and very hard to cover with make-up. i applied it once more at night and only left it on for twenty minutes.
It has an ultra flexible felt tip brush for easy application.  It is fragrance and paraben free and allergy tested (dermatological and ophthalmologist tested).  It would be good for those who wear contacts.
4450	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	perfect  soap, make up remover, and toner - makes face care much easier. Makes the face feel soft and clean.
4304	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm in my 50's, and annoyingly, still get breakouts (so ridiculous). I've started using this as part of my washing routine, and my skin feels better. I have very oily, but also sensitive, skin, so I've been using this with a scaled-down approach: I put a dab on a cotton ball, and "wash" my face that way, rinse, and then wash with my usual soap. (Baby soap; see the "sensitive skin" bit above.) It's too soon to know that this has totally "stopped" my breakouts, but everything's under control right now, and my skin does feel different.... it's smooth and not its usual oily self. It really feels great.

1087	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dermablend's Compact Solid Setting Powder is designed for use with other Dermablend products. After you use one of them, you put this clear powder on to set what you have chosen. It makes for a longer lasting finish.
7009	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I should have known it was a bad sign when the box came completely open and destroyed. Thankfully everything inside was still wrapped so I decided to give it a try anyway. Within a few days I saw my skin get redder and more sensitive than it ever was before. I don't know if there's something in the products I was allergic to, but I had to quit it.
2367	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm in the village candy store on a warm spring day.  The windows have little kitchen curtains, the floors are hardwood and scuffed, the screen door slams every time someone closes it.  The owner is at the back of the store making divinity, and her son is chewing some&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Clove-Gum/dp/B0002268MA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Clove Gum</a>, tending the counter.  I can smell the divinity and I get a whiff of the chewing gum.  I'm trying to decide if I want some licorice sticks or some root beer barrels.  Or maybe some&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sugar-Babies/dp/B000V8W9FA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sugar Babies</a>. . .
2110	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	What a fun and unique bright pink. This color is thinner then the darker Essie colors making it a lot smoother and easier to paint. It's not as neon as I thought it would be, however, it's still a bright and fun color. If you want true neon, I would recommend China Glaze Pink Voltage instead.
Works well for men and women alike. Has no scent.
4653	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Gentle, yet seems to be effective. I wish the scent was more lemony, but, it has a bit of a muted lemon tone. I like the face wash best.
until hair is towel dry to get full benefit of gel).  I did not use any conditioner.

4396	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best eye make-up and mascara remover that I've ever tried. It even removes that thick type mascara that goes on in one or two swipes and looks almost like fake eyelashes. The stuff looks pretty great until you go to remove it. You know how even after you think you have mascara all off, you wake up in the morning with fake dark circles under your eyes from leftover residue you didn't notice the night before? Well, this remover will get all of that off with very little effort. It seems to melt all the blackness away. It has a slight oily feeling, but not enough to leave a lot around after you wipe it off. There's just enough to soften the skin around your eyes and provide a little moisture. And it's fragrance free, a great feature in a make-up remover that you use around the eyes.

I've tried several beauty serums - mostly free samples - and thus far have not found one which works on my skin to produce the purported effects which the marketing departments claim.  On the other hand, this serum is organic and not full of nasty chemicals. It has a pleasant scent which I did not find overpowering.  It is also not oily and did not make me break out, as many of the beauty serums have done in the past, so I consider that a win, as well.

5959	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color and this brand. Wish it was in a lippy form. Arrived very fast from seller and very pleased with Butter London nail products.
7533	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a small jar, which would be good for travel.  Even though there's not a lot in the jar, a little goes a long way.  Slightly fragrant, but didn't bother my sensitive skin.  After use, my face felt refreshed and clean, not greasy.
So, with Noxzema Menthol effectively gone for Americans, M + G is a worthy substitute.
1372	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It really does the job! I am a woman with thinning hair.  I use the medium brown and it stays in until I shampoo my hair.  It doesn't rub off on my pillows and the .87 oz can last a surprisingly long time.  I highly recommend this product, it's so much better than the other things that I tried.  The Joan Rivers product was the worst.  It rubbed off on my pillows and the headrest in my car.
4922	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Jane Iredale for years now.  I simply love it!  I goes on smooth and light.  If you need additional coverage, just apply more powder.  It has the coverage to conceal redness, dark under eye circles and it helps camaflouge pimples.  Because it is powder foundation, a good moisturizer under it is necessary, especially for dry or aging skin.

*Only buy PM from an Ulta store or professional salons paul mitchell's website lists. Otherwise you risk buying fake, old, or tampered product.
8018	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product I like it.  Great product I like it. Great product I like it. Great product I like it. But I do not like having to write extra words on this post!

6027	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Expected more.  Irritated my skin.  Smelled chemically.
If you want to use a sunless tanner, this one is absolutely the best one I've ever used.
6634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best value for rose water spray! I use this to hydrate my face and it gives me a fresh glow when I mist it over my makeup. The scent is not too overpowering and does not cause any problems for my quasi-sensitive skin.
7896	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product has changed my life... I feel so much confidence since I've had it. I was tired of people looking at the back of my balding head and the top. This adds hair fibers to existing hair. It covers everything on.my balding head. Sometimes it takes some time in the morning to do just like you have regular hair. You have to get a hang of the pepper shaker style. I have tried the other tools they offer, but as a primery bald person that just seems to not work as well. The pump just blows powder all over. Most people don't even notice there's a difference, and they think I just dyed my hair. I sleep with it at night and leave it on for almost about a week (5 days) then it starts to get a little itchy. Has to be touched up everyday. I.spray w hair spray n blow it w blower to hold. I have read that you can get it wet and when I go in the shower it doesn't seem to come out right away... but I haven't quite tested that theory out yet. Also cut it when trimming up like real hair. It's Worth the try for any guy n gal, n would be excellent for guys w fullet hair but thinning.
906	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice big bottle of spring water,, I like it for general moisturizing right after washing up.
I applied it using the directions on Dermablend's website.  The suggest starting with a small amount of product, warming it up with your fingertips to make the product more bendable, and then tapping it directly over your imperfections.  They state you can use multiple layers by allowing one layer to dry and applying more, but thankfully one layer has been perfect for me.  Then you finish things off by applying setting powder, allow to set for 2 minutes then brush off excess powder with a brush.  Dermablend makes its own setting powder but I don't own it so I've been setting my makeup with Laura Mercier and Hourglass's powders instead, and have liked the results with both.
2342	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	OK, I have very dry skin. I am always looking for products to help with this problem and have tried a lot of products from brands like Jack Black and Kiehl's. The common complaint is that they can leave your skin moisturized but greasy. When I saw the description as "Oil Free" I decided to take a chance. I did a little experiment - I put the Baxter product on one side of my face and my regular product on the other and went about my day. To my surprise, the Baxter side felt less "tight" and dry than the other side - the one with a product that has been working OK for me for a while. Also, it did this without leaving a greasy or oily residue. Like I said, a surprise.
3476	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat OPI polish and can't beat the price on Amazon!  A winning combination for me.
9183	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	BEST spot treatment, ever!! It does have a strong scent but it fades after a few minutes. My blemishes are normally about 50% smaller by morning.
2513	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I gave this as a gift to my wife. She is very fussy about which perfumes she likes and will wear. Bottom line, and good news for me, she loves it! The bottle is unique and elegant in itself. Presentation in perfume is important! The overall impression of the scent is floral, but not hit-you-in-the-face strong. However, it does have a full bodied range of scent as well, with mid-and low-notes that round it out. The write-up itself sounds delicious and sensual, with "exotic fruits and seductive florals" and then, deeper notes of "black orchid, liquid amber and even mahogany." For a quality perfume, the price is reasonable as well.
8262	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this new color!
I ordered this kit for my own Mr. Darcy.  I was supremely satisfied with the kit.  It arrived in a sturdy decorative box, suitable for gifting.  The brush is well made, with soft but durable bristles.  The lotions have a light, pleasant lavender scent.  It is not over-powering or over-floral. My husband said the shaving lotion had a good lather, but he really liked the shaving oil.  I thought he balm left his face smooth and kissable.
2553	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Nothing special. It dries up my skin. Not for me.

4775	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thank goodness for Jack Black hair products. I apologize for bragging, but my hair looks great and it doesn't smell like icky perfume. I get terrible headaches from most hair products (mostly from the synthetic fragrances that are added) and it's been challenging to find shampoo and conditioner that works well without the stinky additives. I know this product line is marketed toward men, but it works great for men's and women's hair.
This moisturizer really makes my skin feel full and hydrated. It is not greasy, and absorbs any oil for a shine-free finish. The formula gives me a supple feel and a matt finish. I have never had sensitive skin, but as I grow older it has changed in consistency. It tends to dry more quickly, and, of course, more lines appear. Based on mybfriend's remarks and from what I have read, Avene has been well tested, is not greasy at all. You only need a small amount on your face and neck, and I use what us left on my hands. This skin care product is made in France, and there are several other components to the skin care line you can try. I am using only this face moisturizer, but may try the other products. I am completely satisfied with this moisturizer.
I would use this morning and night, but especially at night.
I prefer a light coverage foundation, so I didn't use too much product.  This foundation does go on easily and has a really smooth finish.  I did top the foundation off with my Makeup Forever Ultra HD Microfinishing Loose Powder to set it.  The foundation stayed put all day and didn't cake up on me at all.
5790	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a lovely cleanser that foams up wonderfully. I rarely get any full on ugly nasty pimples because when there is any signs of them, I whip out this trusty cleanser and it significantly reduces the lifespan of the pimple. My pimple sort of shrivels up and die.

5994	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'll be darned .. it really works.  Dark circles (decades old) are diminished, all but gone!  And fast .. it's remarkable.
4612	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The feel is sort of in between a lotion and a serum. Takes a decent amount of massaging to work the moisturizer in to your skin. Skin definitely feels very soft and moisturized after application. Scent is mild, very slightly tart, and pleasant. Not overpowering at all.
8934	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this spray to my face and neck as a little refresher!
5107	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I liked it but its not HG. I like that its glycerin based which is different. I don't really like the feel of it on my lips or skin kind of a waxy silicone feel. But it does moisturize well. Overall consensus is that it's way too expensive in America and therefore even though I put I would repurchase, I would only do so for the original price. Oh yes and the smell disappears quickly as stated.
The scent is clean with the overtone of menthol.
8470	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	it was a gift and there are no complaints
8207	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty goog topcoat~ Haven't really have the time to test how long it lasts but I put it on with a cheap color and old base coat for 3days and it didn't chip~

6533	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the smell of this facial mist. It's nice to keep in the refrigerator for hot days or you just need a pick-me-up

If purchasing this, be sure you also get a setting powder, as this does need to be set.  I would also suggest a brush for application.
I've been applying this product for a week and it has made no change.  The few blemishes I have were as red as always and seem to be going away at the same rate they would without acne medication.
1838	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	it may be an old Essie nail polish because it chips and comes off too easily from nails
I cleansed my face, patted it dry and applied the mask.  I could feel the mask working within 30 seconds after applying it.  The slight tingle (not quite burn) went away within the next 30 seconds.  I left it on for 5 minutes (didn't dry and tighten as most other might) and then followed the package suggestion to massage the exfoliating agent gently on my face.
- Only available in Mojito flavour which may not appeal to everyone.

I
9988	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.
6732	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was so excited to order this curling iron when my old one broke.  I had heard amazing things about the Hot Tools curling iron and they are all true.  It curls better and faster than any other curling iron I've used.  If you've been considering buying this curling iron, just do it!
6493	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This candle smells like your eccentric old aunt's guest room. You know--the one who uses scented sachets in the bureau drawers and feeds you expired biscuits for tea.
3068	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this serum. Im trying the Lift Effect right now. I hope I like it as much as I do this product

2818	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The thing I like best about this product is that it's unscented but still offers great deodorant protection. I always thought that deodorants merely covered up body odors with their powdery or flowery scents, that they were actually still there but masked. This ManScience Androceuticals Advanced Deoderant proves that isn't the case. This ones uses Microzeolites, tea tree extract and witch hazel to destroy odor. It doesn't contain aluminum which is an ingredient that always concerns me. It's supposed to be safe, but then a lot of things were once thought to be safe and aren't any longer.  I like to avoid it when I can. I accepted a sample of this product for review with the intention of having my husband test it, but since it is unscented, I can use it too. My husband agrees that it is a very effective deodorant.
1147	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is great.

7114	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic Shave.
  1. DERMABLEND COVER CRME WITH TITANIUM DIOXIDE SUNSCREEN (30SPF):
It goes on smoothly - although you do need some effort to get it on your finger or the little spatula. Color is even. SPF works well too.
8817	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was disappointed by this. I have an enzyme cleanser by another brand and it does a great job at exfoliating dry skin. I thought that's what enzymes did -- not the Mario Badescu gel: my skin is still dry and flaky. It doesn't foam, which I could live with, but I also can't see it on my skin so it's hard to tell if I've thoroughly covered my face. It does have a great smell and a cooling sensation, though I don't want cooling in the winter time. I also still got zits while using this, so this product is useless to me. (But I appreciate receiving this as a free promotional gift as I had been intending to buy it.)
8391	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only have one question:  Where has this been all of my life?!?  This is a fantastic face wash.  I use it with my Clarisonic Mia 2 since it is non-foaming.  The smell is nice and the formula doesn't irritate my skin (dry and sensitive).  I've even gotten my sister and friends hooked on this.  The only thing is it claims to remove make-up, but it's not so great at that.  Therefore, I use this in the morning when I've taken off my make-up the night before.
I use after removing my makeup and before heading to sleep.  In the morning, my skin doesn't feel oily, just well balanced.  I plan to continue using as part of my routine, especially as the fall/winter season approaches, where my skin tends to get dry/flaky easily.
6363	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells lovely, very moisturizing, non irritating, and wears well under makeup or alone! Good stuff!! And a little goes a long way!

The jewel-like glass jar holds 50 ml or 1.69 oz. and has a convenient mirrored cap.
9701	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	excellent moisturizing hand cream.
5042	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is very cooling, and lightly moisturizing.
1114	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good
3268	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Solid.

5598	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only buy this on Amazon. Great price!
9226	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Must have in your medicine cabinet!



Also, this stuff is ridiculously expensive but it is very popular because it works so well.  I have found that sellers and retailers charge all kinds of crazy prices ripping customers off and a lot of reviewers say they receive fake product.  I just bought a bottle from Ricky's and they charged me $49 before taxes-- which is 10% more than what the Moroccan oil website charges.  So Ricky's is ripping people off on an already expensive product.  (FYI Ricky's is a big beauty store in NYC)
4710	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bioelements is by far the best skin care line I have come across. I use a few of the products. Shipping was pretty quick from this seller.
3672	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've got the nappiest hair in the world.  A little bit of this product and I've got the most beautiful and silky hair around.
6813	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My sister recommended Mario Badescu Drying Lotion, so I decided to give it a try. One very big positive is the price. In my experience, many skin care products are scams that can cost a fortune. 17.00 is a fair price for this product. The lotion (thought it's not really a lotion) contains salicylic acid and chamomile. Most people probably know that salicylic acid is a very common and inexpensive product used to treat acne, which can also reduce redness. Chamomile is also used to reduce redness, so the formula of combining the two seems like a good idea.

2163	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This shaving cream is much better than all the crappy store junk you can name. Even department store shaving creams don't hold a candle to this bad boy.
6336	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the third Mario Badescu product I've used in the past six months and I absolutely love it! Since I have sensitive skin and rosacea it has been difficult to find cleansing and toning products that do not irritate my skin. The Rose Hips Oil has almost made the resistant rosacea on my right cheek go away.  I may even cancel the dermatologist appointment I have. Nothing else has worked but Mario Badescu's products. If I could give it 10 stars I would.
2991	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This conditioner is very light and not greasy.  Nice scent and one bottle goes a long way, since you only need to use a small amount to condition.
4142	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells good, works well, does not irriate skin.
5443	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This facial cleanser is mild and foams up nicely. The scent is different but very pleasant and I haven't experienced any drying. My skin has a nice feel after using it. I cant tell for sure but it might also be making my skin look clearer as well. The price is somewhat prohibitive but a little does go a long way.
Why? This powder feels silky soft, and it won't leave a tell-tale mark on your skin. You simply can not see it after you apply it,  yet any shininess is gone, as well as the look of minor skin irregularities. Because of this, you don't suddenly look like you've aged a decade after you put it on.
Like I said, it took a bit to get the application down just right.  This should not discourage you, you just need a little practice. I wash my hair, blow dry it and apply the Toppik, using a hand mirror to see the back.  I use the Toppik until I get good coverage, brush it and then use a light spray of Tresseme hairspray.  It kind of seals it on the hair and keeps everything in place, but it is not stiff.  Most days this is just a minute or so.  You don't need to blowdry if you just let your hair dry naturally, but don't use the Toppik on wet hair.  I think that it would clump.  Also the blow dryer give the hair a bit of volume which helps.
9020	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has been the best and most economical Curling Iron I have every used. I have medium thick brown hair, that waves past my bra line. In the past I thought it didn't hold curl, but with this iron my curls hold for hours. It also curls fast, you don't need to leave it on the same spot for long. I did a "ten second per curl" emergency fast curl the other day--and they held remarkably well. In that case, they didn't stay in beautiful ringlets obviously. But the waves they fell out into were wonderful and looked beautiful. I always finish with a light mist of hairspray, but the curling iron does its job on its own! :)
It's a good powder and I will continue to use it.  But I won't repurchase because it didn't distinguish itself enough from other products, and though the shade range seems large, there's not an exact match.  And although I don't demand much coverage from a setting powder, it should be noted that the coverage level was a bit less than anticipated given the reputation of this brand.

2926	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This was one of those products I didn't like at first, but then it grew on me. I think I just wasn't using enough. The moisturizer and lubrication are very effective. Only complaint is that this is the first Jack Black product I've received where I really just didn't like the fragrance.


It expensive but one pump can cover face and neck.

A. What I mean is that with the lighter shade of cr&egrave;me I was able to get the same look with the darker powder, as with the opposite of that technique using the darker cr&egrave;me and a lighter powder. Altogether, with these medium shades I was able to get a perfect match, thus prolonging my experience.
8678	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with any of Mario's products.

6187	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am an African American woman with relaxed hair.
My 17 year old son just just finished Claravis, and his acne is clear, but his skin is still extremely reactive, scarred, and a mixture of dry and oily. I wanted to wait as long as possible to put him on Claravis, because I didn't want his growing affected, or any of the side effects. Claravis was a long, painful haul for him, but he got through it. There were two products that helped him keep his self esteem during the worst breakouts: Mario Badescu Drying Cream, and Mario Badescu Special Healing Powder. I have memories of him carefully applying this powder before his first date, before his proms, before his DECA competetions, before concerts and auditions...the yellow-toned powder counteracts redness extremely well, and the powder feels soothing, cooling, and it absorbs oil (and perspiration). The powder made his skin look better and his acne was much less noticeable. My son and I both find that sulfur is one of the best ingredients for our acne for drying the blemishes but not the skin. This powder has sulfur, and it also has Bismuth Subgallate, which is a hemostatic acent. Acne cysts often seep, and the Bismuth Subgallate in this helps control seepage, aids clotting, and corrects open sores. Kaolin Clay is excellent for healing acne scars. Zinc Oxide is a powerful acne fighter and a sunscreen as well. It calms skin and aids in barrier repair.
826	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	best stuff to protect your face with for the price.... its not oily and heavy on the skin.. thats what i like about it

I have aged, and my last purchase was a LOreal Infallible product, one of many in a line which rarely or never need reapplication for my creased lids and bitten lips. I have been so obsessed that I have a whole zipper case full of the eyeshadows alone. I have a lot of products from their Visible Lift line for my skin texture. I especially enjoyed the Blur ones.  Now I am going to move on to have more choices in my zip bag.
It opens like any other flip-top makeup product. One side has the pinkish rose blush and the other has a mirror. It doesn't come with a brush, but most blush products don't since it typically requires a big brush.
6978	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ms. Dent who agreed to test the Serum was extremely pleased with both the feel while using it and the results. In fact,it was love at first use and she already put me on notice that, once the Vine sample is used up, 'we' are going to order some more.




7100	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ok, I'm usually a whatever is cheapest shampoo guy; I wash my hair at least once per day and I just want something that gets it squeaky clean.  If I want a little extra body or hold, I will generally use just a little bit of a very light gel to get the results I want. I've used the Jack Black 4 mornings in a row now and the difference is noticeable.  First of all, it smells great, and works up a nice lather with only about a quarter-sized amount applied to your hair.  The best part, however, is how full, shiny, and easy to manage my hair is after I've shampooed.  It holds really well without any gel or spray and looks great.  I highly recommend this.
5145	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used to use this and for some reason stopped and tried other things. I'm happy and relieved I'm using it again, because it works! It seems to do an excellent job providing heat protection while also keeping my hair soft and manageable. It's slightly pricy for a relatively small bottle, but you only have to use a bit, so it will last forever. I personally like this a bit better than Biosilk, for I think it does a better job without making my hair greasy looking at all.
6308	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this soap. Very gentle for sensitive skin.
79	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping and packaged well! I ordered the color  "Crawfishin for a Compliment"  and I absolutely love it!  My husband even noticed this new color on me  I've attached pictures with and without the flash on.
I don't know how my skin will get any benefit yet - but it's very pleasant to use.
I have sensitive skin and get razor burn and until I tried the Billy Jealousy line I dreaded shaving, but this works wonders for me.
8569	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this makes skin very soft
8893	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. You won't be sorry!
2657	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Even though Burberry Weekend has been on the market for nearly 20 years, this is the first time I've worn it. The bottle is clear glass, with a low center of gravity, minimal printing and an imprinted silver cap. It doesn't grab your eye, but looks attractive sitting on the dresser. There's a lot going on within this fragrance - floral, powdery, woodsy, and citrus. The later is almost overpowering when first dispensed. It goes on strong, so spray lightly.  I did learn the hard way never to spray this in a small, confined area.  It's a likeable fragrance - a bit on the boring side, even for a classic type scent. The best way I can describe it is, a mature scent.
1172	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Product works!
3044	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like many of the other reviews I have oily, acne-prone skin and pores that get congested really easily. Most moisturizers I've tried manage to make my skin oily while still leaving dry patches on my face and cause my skin to break out. I started using the La Roche-Posay brand to help treat my acne (I used&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/La-Roche-Posay-Effaclar-Purifying-Foaming-Gel-6-76-Ounce-Tube/dp/B002P3L99G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">La Roche-Posay Effaclar Purifying Foaming Gel, 6.76-Ounce Tube</a>&nbsp;and the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/La-Roche-Posay-Effaclar-Duo/dp/B002ZHR33I/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">La Roche-Posay Effaclar Duo</a>) and decided to give this product a try since I was having great results from the brand.
8993	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a fan of Hot Tools products.  My dog ate the cord on my last one and I ran up to the local beauty supply store to get another one.  It was really expensive at the store so I looked up this product on Amazon and it was $10 cheaper.  Got it and it works great.  It heats up fast.  I have really long hair and this can make a great curl even w my long hair.
8355	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	On my second jar of this!  It's not too heavy like a lot of night creams are and rubs in smoothly without leaving my skin feeling greasy.
This bottle will last forever. Use it after washing your face, but before your nighttime moisturizer. That will lock in the Vitamin C goodness and give it a real chance to do some good work on yoiur skin. Don't be surprised if after a few weeks people are complimenting you on your glowy, radiant complexion!

5193	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	While I was placing a few orders on Amazon my friend asked if I could order her the trial size Vichy since she doesn't have prime.long story short when I took it out of the padded envelope the top was not only cracked but also it was completely off. This wasn't sealed and most of the product was in the envelope! Threw it away and will not repurchase.
6406	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works fantastic and feels great!
It is gentle on my skin and doesn't leave any residue.
8213	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm not ordinarily a fan of dark polishes, but Chimney Sweep is a lovely color.  In some lights it has a green hue, in others it looks somewhat blue.  I love Butter London!!
The sillage is quite heavy so use with caution.  This lasts 12+ hours on my skin.  At the end I get mostly delicious, dark vanilla notes.  A perfect winter fragrance.
I'm normally a basic Simple or Cetaphil wash user, so not sure I'd spring for this on a regular basis, but it is a good-sized bottle that should last quite a while, and I like the foaming aspect.
3988	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is refreshing!  It is a liquid water-like cleanser with a pleasant scent with a hint of rose.  I used a cotton pad to clean my face and it felt clean and soft after using this cleanser.  And it is so refreshing.  It wakes you up a bit.  You just put a little on a cotton ball and it cleans your make-up or facial oils.
It's best to apply lightly and build up on the cheeks. It's best to use a lip brush to apply on the lips.

This is one of the few polishes that I always get compliments on. It's one of those polishes that catch the eye. Definitely my #1 holy grail red. If anything, I can probably say it's my favorite polish in my collection.
1834	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect crisp white for all seasons!
600	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product!
9073	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As described!
6762	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this to add a little shine to my hair and to help protect against heat damage, and it's been working great. Love that it does both without making my hair look 'oily', unlike some other products, or weighing it down.
As far as moisturizing goes, both sides look about the same: no dry flaky patches around my nose, skin soft, no oily feel or shiny residue.  The Vichy cream doesn't smell as sweet as the Neutrogena cream but it has thick texture that melts right into your  skin.  As for skin texture, wrinkles appear a little less pronounced on the right (luxe brand) side but pores appear smaller on the Vichy side.  I  also noticed that the cheek on the left side was a little less red and blotchy than the cheek on the right.
9050	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This curling iron is fantastic! I love it! I have very straight hair and it's very hard to keep curls in it! If you don't really know how to do your hair well, be careful and don't burn it. It gets a lot hotter than a lot of other curling irons so you don't have to put the temperature very high! It lasts really long! Great to use for any special occasion! Hot Tools is the best hair iron company!
new life, back youth ;)
814	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love these. So easy to apply and the small size makes it great to have multiples in the car/hand bag/ bathroom etc. They last for a long time too!
8534	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like to keep my beautify routine simple just because I don't stick with complicated.  I was concerned that this product would dry out my skin but it is refreshing and feels great.  I used this line of products before the toner and I can say that it does make a difference.  I even like it in the cold midwest winters.
This really is the orange color from the photo, which is sort of unusual for a toner, especially one without artificial dyes.  So I think there are tons of fruit-based antioxidants in this, which is awesome for a little extra measure of protection from free radical damage (e.g., from sun exposure).  Of course you should also use a sunscreen when using this product.
1575	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm not generally a neutral nail polish fan, but Zoya Shay won me over!  Zoya's own website describes it as "dense, fleshy light peach with slight orange-red undertones and a hint of pearly silver shimmer."  To me it's a pale, slightly translucent, warm toned nude with a subtle shimmer.  I love it when I'm looking for something more classic or neutral (i.e. conservative work meeting, wedding, etc.) but still want a little hint of some interest, which is where the shimmer comes in.  My one fear in getting this was whether it would clash with my skin tone since that can be the one challenge with more nude/neutral toned polishes, but that concern was unfounded.  I think this looks great against my neutral toned light/medium skin and strawberry blonde hair.
4465	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	What a delightful cleanser! I am a dedicated Micellar oil devotee by Vichy but I'm in love with this product. It's everything I love in one product and does an excellent job of deep cleansing sensitive skin. Makeup literally melts away, and my skin feels soft and clean without feeling "stripped" after cleansing. I like to use my super soft bamboo washcloth soaked in warm water to remove it after massaging it well into my skin. A complexion brush really works too. The scent of this cleanser is really fresh and clean, I love it! My skin feels really calm and......well, happy, after using this 3 in 1 cleanser. I use Retin A,and the Vichy 3 in 1 is particularly ideal for that (doesn't over stimulate the skin prior to application). This is an absolutely awesome sensitive skin cleanser and now my daily favorite, especially during the winter. Highly recommended!
3298	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Authentic Pink Sugar - light and pleasant fragrance! I have used Pink Sugar for years. Many people catch a sniff and instantly say, "I love that! What are you wearing?"  I am not big on perfume or fragrances, but this is one that I love! The Pink Spray Hair Perfume is meant to just give your hair a quick spritz. It does not change the look or texture of your hair in any way.  Also, as a side note, I purchased my Pink Sugar from Amazon.com as a seller, not a third party seller. I can assure you that my purchase from Amazon is the real deal and the fragrance we all love!  I would love this in a body wash!
I love that I can use one product to take off my whole face if I am wearing makeup. I use this when I don't have makeup on too because it works so well to get the day's sweat and general grime off in one go without drying. I use a flat dollop the size of a dime when I don't have make up on, I use a nickel size for light makeup and a quarter size dollop if I have a full face on. This tube will last an amazingly long time and is worth the cost in my opinion; I will be buying more when this tube runs out!
4902	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My go-to for coverage for rosacea.
I love it! It removes makeup (not eye) and leaves my skin refreshed, and hydrated.
9192	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When Mario Badescu Drying Lotion comes to purchasing products, I will only buy high-quality.
2763	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I bought this product to add shine to my damaged hair. If you have used silk infusion before by CHI the horrendous smell will be familiar. I do like that the product is also a TP for flat ironing purposes but you must use this VERY lightly or your hair will be an oil slick. I have very thick hair so for me to say this you know it is oily! I do get great shine when using this product BUT I do not like that you can only use this before flat ironing or blow drying. It isn't the type of spray you can utilize just to get shine, it is just too greasy. I was hoping for both options. In any case if you want say "shine on the go" you will need something like bumble and bumble or another type of shine mist that is lighter. I do enjoy the results but not as versatile as I would like! ps. CHI please please get a different fragrance for your product line everything smells like old man cologne...bleh
5229	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's okay. Not that impressed- even though it is Dr. recommended.
9555	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this for everyday wear.  It is very light and creamy.  Looks very natural .  It  enhances your skin rather than conceal it.  I still use sunscreen  underneath it  though, as it only has minimum uv protection .
6630	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This curling iron was able to put a curl in my hair and make it stay all day without anything but hairspray. I have straight very silky hair and it will not do anything unless I load it up with hair product. Maybe this curling iron gets really hot, or the plating makes a difference, all I know is it works!

4035	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I started using Vichy products when I lived in Europe and have recommended them to friends and family because they really work. I had heard of the hype surrounding micellar water, but wasn't sure about it myself. Well, I've been convinced by the 3-in-1 calming cleansing water by Vichy.
Like other Baxter products, this scrub smells great.  It has an oatmeal and nutty scent to it, and is completely masculine.  The tube is not large but you only need a pearl-sized amount so it should last you a while.
182	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This is almost white. Not nearly the pink they show in the picture. Won't buy polish on line again..



This is by far my favorite scent. I think it's a little immature to think that only a man or only a woman can wear a certain scent, if you like it, you should wear it! That being said, this cologne makes me think of someone who is refined and neat and secretly a bit of a sexy bad ass.
- this is an aggressive razor : even on option 1 dial there is a good amount of blade exposure, its advisable to balance this with a mild blade, I usually load this razor with a Kai or an Astra. I have recently used a feather on this but only after a one year learning curve and after I felt confident with my technique.
5707	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It does what it says it will do and it makes my hair look a lot thicker and makes it easier to style.  I add it after my hairspray so that my hairspray doesn't get it wet.
6789	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This product is overrated. No major improvements, little to zero...irritates my skin.
4927	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product!  Covers well lasts all day. Always looks fresh from morning to night also easy to travel with!
4931	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Silver Powder Review

This is the best Micellar water I've tried for removing my face makeup (though it's not great for my eyes). I don't wear heavy makeup but do wear mascara, concealer, foundation and powdered bronzer, contour makeup and/or blush. My cotton pad is covered with makeup after wiping my face, and I've used my Clarisonic after and don't see residual makeup on the brush.
5178	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's decent.  No better or worse than any other.  Seems okay.
8907	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would reccomend this product to anyone trying to take care of aging skin.  I have used this for several years now.  Each 50 ml lasts well over six months.  I use it nightly.

Note:  I also tried the Purifying Foaming Cream Cleanser and it felt exactly the same.
The satin finish might add some reassuring texture - but for me chrome is the way to go - there's just nothing that competes with it's platinum like gleam and high polish. Regardless of the sheer weight of the Futur, it rests in your grip beautifully and even with slick, soapy hands I've never felt the razor slip or in any way feel awkward or difficult to hold.
5706	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff!
2515	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I tend to like fragrances in the Calvin Klein line, as I generally find them to be very high quality and long-lasting.  I was excited to have the opportunity to try a full bottle of Euphoria, a scent I had only sampled in the past but had liked very much.
Highly Recommended. prisrob 02-09-17
6466	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Some other reviewer said it felt like spreading yogurt on your face.  That's true, and like yogurt it's not going to take your makeup off. Be prepared to wash your face a second time with something else.  Nobody's got time for that, or at least I don't.  No noticeable improvement.
4436	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I appreciate the simplicity of the product...meaning I put it on a cotton pad and use it on my entire face, eyes included. Wipe on, wipe off. No need to rinse, no need to put on another lotion to moisturize. It get surface dirt, oils, residue, makeup, etc. easily. Does not sting if it gets in my eyes. Only reason not five stars is it could not remove heavier makeup from Halloween. I had to use another cleanser to get the eye makeup off. However, as a daily choice at night, when I am tired and don't want to deal with multiple steps for a clean face, it is just right.
9138	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Definitely a holy grail product for me. It's my go-to product whenever I get pimples.

Also this product contains SLS or Sodium Laureth Sulfate which can cause skin irritation for those who have sensitive skin. I've had no issues with the BAXTER BERGAMOT AND PEAR BODY WASH, but I thought I'd give you a heads up.
3912	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I bought this because I have very weak nails.  I mean they can bend backwards AND forwards with no issue whatsoever.  I had originally seen this item on Pinterest and looked more into it on Amazon.  I read all of the review prior to buying and made the decision to buy this matte version over the original as I don't care for my nails to be too shiny.  I've also never been one to wear nail polish on my fingernails.  I purchased this product a little over a month ago.  It arrived well packaged and in a timely fashion.  I followed the instructions to a T.  First night, 2 coats and then 1 coat every other evening.  I found it dried rather quickly and because it was clear, I didn't feel the need to hold up my hands away from away from everything for fear of smudges.  Within a week, my nails were already looking and feeling better.  They didn't bend forward nearly as easily as prior to using and there was no way I could bend them backwards.  The tips of my fingernails though were weird.  At first, the whiteness started to disappear and then a few days later came back whiter than ever.  Not sure why, but I'm not complaining as my co-worker actually asked me the other day where I got my acrylics done.  So, this product worked quite well for me and I am a lifetime user.


NOTE: You'll need a make-up brush; Jouer blush doesn't come with an applicator.  Make-up pros tell me that it should be all about brushes anyway, and that the little junky applicators that come with products are part of why said products look less than awesome when applied.  And the case/compact/whatever you call it container took reading the directions for me to figure out how to open it.  It's kind of a weird little thing.
5220	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair stylist used this on my fine hair and I had to buy it.  No residue.  Feels great and light on hair.  Best hairspray on the market.
6723	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My 16 yr old niece got this for Christmas. She tried it out the next day and LOVED it. She hasn't made any complaints yet so I assume the product is good. As far as packing, it was done well and arrived ahead of schedule (which is always a plus).
Definitely Recommended.
8242	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice color, perfect coloration.
9832	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This "Clean Eau De Parfum, Warm Cotton", has the scent of freshly washed laundry or pleasantly scented body soaps. My wife says it smells like sun-dried clothes washed with Tide Laundry detergent, but its not a "bad" soapy or laundry smell. The scent is slightly sweet, slightly spicy, and with detectable notes of jasmine. It seems like a casual, springtime fragrance.
6099	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The scent is very clean & appealing, and it very gently cleans my skin without stripping away the natural oils (NMF) on the surface of my skin. The texture is very unique, it''s like a thick, creamy cleanser although it's much lighter (only a small amt is needed) when I use it. In other words, it's a fairly concentrated product. My skin is on the dry side with an oilier T zone and occasional hormonal breakouts (usually around the chin and jawline) and this cleanser is superb for my type of skin. In fact, I feel this cleanser would be ideal for most skin types (or age) since it's so very gentle and is not too "girly" for men. Yes, it has sulfates but realistically you'd be paying more for a sulfate free cleanser if that's what you're looking for. I honestly don't understand people who don't read labels, the blame the product for not meeting their expectations. If you don't mind non lathering cleansers, this one is a good one from the same line that has no sulfates;&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Mario-Badescu-Cream-Soap/dp/B00OP2Q6YI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Mario Badescu Cream Soap</a>.
1974	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Macks is one of the all time classiest red polishes available.
Ultimately I was unable to continue using ANY of the products from JB. Emailed. The company is more interested in taking your $ and refuse to refund any of my purchases - even though I can't use any of them. So not only was I brushed off but I was outright told I could not get a refund even though they push clients to use the products passed the 45 day refund period. This company does not back their product. They will encourage you to use something else on their line OR continue using the acne kit, stating on the website, it can take several weeks (i.e. well over a month) to see if the "purge" will subside. A GOOD company would refund customers who are dissatisfied and having serious reactions to their products. I will warn you now, buy it, but be aware that getting a refund will be nearly impossible if your have problems.
7098	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've enjoyed using Jack Black True Volume Thickening Shampoo.  It smells nice - sorta fruity and sorta minty at the same time.  It's a clear formula, so there's no worries about dyes if that's a concern for you.  It's thick and it lathers really well.  It doesn't leave my hair feeling like straw, neither does it leave my hair feeling greasy.  When dry, my hair does look and feel full.  I can't testify about it keeping the scalp from flaking since I don't have that problem.  I like the fact that the shampoo is made with natural ingredients so I don't have to scrutinize the label for cancer causing "ates" and "ites".  I just don't know that the shampoo is worth the price.  It's definitely worth a try, though.
Overall though, this is my go-to lip balm.
4982	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	In this package you get a facial soap, toner, and lotion.
2111	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The formula is a little thin, but its a beautiful color for summer. I use it over a white polish ( like I do with most ESSIE brights) and it looks beautiful.
I don't like anything about this product.
4390	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like other bi-phase eye makeup removers this comes as two layers that you shake to mix up right before use.  On a cotton pad this easily removes my eye makeup without pulling.  The formula is slightly oily, but it is nothing like a straight-up oil cleanser.  This does not sting the eyes at all, which makes this a winner in my book.  This took off my eyeliner with no problem.  Be advised, if you wear shimmery eye makeup I was left with some shimmery bits behind on my eyelid.  They weren't heavily stuck on, but it did take a once-over with a cloth to make sure everything was gone.  Overall, this is a nice and gentle eye makeup remover that works.  I enjoyed using it.
- I can't really tell if this is doing anything - if I use this instead of my usual toner before moisturizing, does it add any benefit that I wouldn't already get with my toner?
6110	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVED this liquid soap.  It smells great, it is thick and creamy, I used it with my Clarisonic and felt like I was at the spa.  GREAT, great, great soap and a really big bottle of it, too.  This is the type of product that makes you excited to go shower!  lol  So, great smell, great cleaning, great texture and works super well with Clarisonic.  Epic win for this product.
9171	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff works!!  Has a little bit of a potent smell but it works fast. 2 nights of application and your pimple is gone. Shrinks in one over night application.

6739	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I already have this iron, and was happy the new one that I purchased for our daughter came with 2 springs, as my old iron will need a spring replaced soon. This iron heats up quickly, like the variable temperature control and rotating cord. Hair product residue wipes of with damp cloth. Am happy with this product, otherwise I wouldn't have purchased a 2nd one for our daughter.
4495	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is really amazing.. It removes dirt that other cleaners leave behind.
9820	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.

8995	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Did not receive instruction booklet
5382	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	At first, I thought I would not like, this due to the fact that when I put it on, my face felt a tingling-almost burning sensation. It did not last long but I was afraid I would not be able to use it. However, I did try it again and this time I mixed it with my Vit E night cream. My face felt much better this time. I did notice that this product has Hylauronic acid in it and I have read somewhere that this can affect the skin with a tingling type sensation. It has helped make my skin feel more hydrated and my grandson says my face feels soft. What more could I ask for.
1967	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this rich color, that's good to go in one or two coats! It is a cool-toned magenta, but it is hard to see in the picture that there is also a very fine silver glitter.  Very subtle but very beautiful! I find I can really pull this color off any time of year.
I have found recently that I need to put on fine dustings of all powders for myself personally; and not necessarily all over my face and neck.


5606	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great for bald spots for women I use it everyday no one knows.
I do like it very much, but I think I will save it for autumn and winter. My body seems to react better to these type of scents when its cool. Some people can wear these scents in any season and they seem right. If you do buy it and maybe aren't sure if you like it, try it in a different season and see if it changes.
1753	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product arrived quickly and was exactly what I had hoped for! The color is gorgeous, the formula is great, and the polish truly holds up to essie's name. A beautiful cool-toned grey lacquer that works for all seasons and occasions.

1093	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I found this setting powder to be one step too many in my morning makeup routine.  However, it is absolutely perfect.  Lovely coverage, brightner, smooth as silk powder, really wonderful product.
Over all, 5 stars for value, ease of use, and quality of shave.
I've been using it for about 3 years and cannot tell you how much it has done for my self esteem.  If it weren't for Toppik, I would have to be wearing full wigs by now but with a few sprinkles of Toppik after I do my hair and just before I put a final spray on and head out the door.


9519	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the feel of the Juice Beauty Blemish Clearing Cleanser. It makes my face feel good. It also is doing a very good job of cleaning, which seems to make my skin happy, which makes me happy.  The ingredients and the fact that it's organic are a major plus for me.
Bright red acne, acne scars
760	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I recently received this product along with Euphoria, a scent that I prefer but that should take away from the quality of Eternity. It's a different scent and quite elegant. It's lemony, but too lemony.
9003	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this is exactly what i was looking for. i have a curling wand by Hot Tools already so i knew the brand was great. i love this curling iron. it makes bigger curls which i wanted. and it gets HOT so you don't have to leave it in the hair for long. very smooth too. the cord is super long like my other Hot Tools which is really nice
4137	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This spray applicator was a great addition to the use of my fibers. I would much rather spray it on than shake it on. I can manage it either way. I can spray it exactly where I want it.

715	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product


8640	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like how this white lotions absorbs into the skin.  Just let out a little of this (a dime size is enough)from the plastic squirt bottle and rub into the skin. It it will cover the hands and lower arms. It's lightly scented by the peanut oil, wheat germ oil and honey extract.  The oils dry fast on the skin and leave no greasy residue.  This lotion works very well on very dry skin.  My skin does not react badly to this lotion, but this does not mean that others may not, either.
Vincent Longo Water Canvas Base comes in a black tube which looks pretty nice on the product page, but in reality, when you get it, the small size is rather shocking. There is only .88 oz of product in the tube, which if you translate it, you can imagine three tubes of Jack Black lip balm and that is about the size of this product.

base notes: sandalwood, pralines musks, and amber wood
3960	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	All things considered, this was a disappointment.
8828	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Get this it's close to perfect skins goes from dry to normal in two days , eyes so so much better in 2 days love it love it
4387	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first self tanner I've tried where I actually LIKE the scent.  It's light and non chemically and is actually pleasing.  I also really like the moisturizing aspect of this lotion. It leaves my skin soft, but not greasy.  The color is very subtle; and it is not orangey like some self bronzers. Would buy this product again!
9277	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dave's Wife Dave's Wife:
4463	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love this stuff.  It gets my skin very clean and yet my skin stays very soft. I am loving Vichy face products like crazy.  Good good stuff.  My face looks amazing. I am 45 and look 30. I'm both lucky and use the right products.

41	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	One has been around for a while and while I used to wear Calvin Klein, I wore a different scent than this one but I really loved it. I do like the light, citrus scent of One and its versatility. It can be unisex and it isn't heavy or over bearing. This scent can also be wore during any season and night or day. I like the freshness of the smell because I dislike heavy perfumes-they can give me a headache and make me sneeze. One is a classic that never goes out of style. The price is reasonable and the scent will last though out the day or evening.
2936	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am so impressed by this product.  Unlike most shaving creams, this does not cover you in a comical Santa Claus cone of foam or gel.  Instead, it's a lightweight base that remarkably protects your skin - and provides a fantastic shave.  Even for sensitive skin, this does a great job.  I shave in the shower and I have yet to experience a nick.  Just a great, consistent smooth shave with surprisingly little product.



6256	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this oil.  It keeps nails and polish in great shape.

7033	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Haven't used this yet but it smells so amazing!

6512	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	NEED - great setting spray - obsessed.
Note: This is a great product for most sensitive skins but if you're sensitive to fragrance I would definitely try something else.
84	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color. Love the way it looks.
1633	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color is even more pretty in person.
Primrose
Shea butter
9715	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Two years or so ago, NIA24 was a dermatologists boutique office product. The docs were recommending it. The botox masters were talking about it for outbreaking pigment spots. It wasn't an Rx but it was too expensive then to try it.
1056	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had not used setting powder prior to this so it's been a learning experience. I find that it's worth it, however, as it keeps my makeup fresh looking all day until I'm ready to remove it before bed. I apply it with a large, soft brush over my foundation and lip color, and it finishes it nicely, keeping the lip color (especially) in place. I lightly buff it off with a tissue and go. Love it!

8750	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great mask to use the next day after using the aztec clay mask.
2) Billy Jealousy Hot Towel
Toppik has completely changed my life. It's not perfect but look at it like makeup. It covers up just enough so that if you didn't tell people they wouldn't know. I have confided in 2 or 3 close friends that I started using it and asked if they saw any difference. They said "That stuff is F--- AMAZING!" If you have thinning or balding hair, scalp issues to cover up it's worth the money.
I don't know how my skin will get any benefit yet - but it's very pleasant to use.
2031	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like this nail polish.  All Essie colors are amazing.  This one lasted a long time.  However, when I purchased it, I thought it was a dark pink.  It goes on a very dark red.  I love the color, but it was not what I was looking for.  If you are looking for a dark pink, don't choose this one.  If you are looking for a burgandy, I definitely recommend it!
3062	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got a tiny sample of this to try and it is very good stuff. It's like a light oil and it softens and makes my skin feel very smooth. It's a little tacky at first but it also lasts a long time. I don't know if I would pay the expensive price of this as I also use essential oils that can have the same effect. This does feel very nice and I've used it at night and in the morning a few minutes before putting on make-up. I really like how it soothes and makes my skin look and feel very healthy and soft.
If you prefer a smooth, silky and soothing aftershave experience, Vichy is for you.  If you are looking for SPF protection in the same application or you like the brisk menthol experience you will not find it here.  Over all, I really like Vichy Homme
8080	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great product and covers up thinning hair areas very well! Highly recommended but make sure to use some hair spray so that the fibers will stay in place!

7867	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product for thin hair, I have been using it for several years and never want to be without it.
Look when applied: Seemed heavier and line was not as strong and consistent. Getting a thin line was very difficult (again, an issue of consistency and size/shape of product tip)
8477	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Let me start by saying I really hate eye creams.  Hate them passionately.  My eyes are super sensitive, plus I wear contacts so many creams and serums seem to cause issues for me and I end up buying items that I use maybe 3 times before tossing out.  What a waste of money.  Unfortunately, my eye area tends to be very dry and sadly, there are some lines and crepe-y texture trying to happen, so I keep trying to find the holy grail of eye creams...and I think this might actually be it!  I started using this just under a week ago, and upon application, didn't think I was going to like it.  It is very emollient, and didn't immediately absorb into my skin.  Fine for night time (because it's completely absorbed in the morning) but not so great for daytime, I thought.  I forged ahead anyway, lightly blotted the area with tissue and applied my concealer.  It plays very nicely with it, and it makes the area look smooth and fresh, with out causing creasing or smearing.  I was pleasantly surprised!
3308	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the eye pencil, but the price blows me away. It feels good, looks nice, helps keep my lipstick from bleeding into those old-lady wrinkles.
9182	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical trying this.  I originally saw this on a yahoo article where they reposted one of Kylie Jenner's Instagram posts talking about how she uses the drying lotion to keep her skin clear.  For the first time ever....I've found something that actually does what it says it does.  You can put dots of this lotion on pretty much anything you don't want on your face and after several applications it will literally disappear. Example: I have small little wart looking things on my hair line which are basically filled with oil. My dermatologist said to get rid of them they would take a wire looking device and apply it to the spots to essentially burn them off my face.  No thanks!  I used this drying lotion on them and its been about a week and a half now and they're almost completely gone!!  What can I say??? The stuff is GOLD!  Like other reviewers said, don't shake the bottle. Let it settle and leave it.  Take a qtip and stick it all the way into the bottle.  The qtip picks up the pink stuff and the clear medicine in one swoop.  Just use the qtip to "dot" your pimple(s) and within 48 hours they vanish.  Some spots take a longer treatment and keep away from eye area.
4353	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Addicted. This stuff is the bomb! 
I can also see this being included in a nice GIFT basket with other Mario Badescu products.  No one would be disappointed with that nice gift basket.

1478	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	'Shimmer' is a lovely transpatent nude with a light sparkle.  I wear it over Chimica Alemana Nail Hardener for a very professional look.  My yellowing nails are disguised well.  Home manicures last at least one week.
8844	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love love this product !
This sunscreen is effective, but very heavy and ere are other better options, lighter weight and with better formulas. The green tea and vitamin c in it have no effect after using for months.
I would definitely recommend Toppik to anyone.
3829	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Terrible! I have combo skin and have been using this for about 2 weeks. I don't notice ANY positive changes whatsoever. I kept giving it time and a chance, but its doing absolutely nothing for my skin. I have actually been breaking out terribly! Cystic acne on my cheeks, zits and bumps on my forehead and jawline. Also, I have noticed peeling on my forehead, but its not dry there. I can't recommend this to anyone. Just don't waste your time and money.
3545	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	as promised and great transaction
5918	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best nail polish on the market today. Goes on easy and smooth with no streaking. Drys fast. With the medium to dark colors, only one coat of polish is needed. Highly recommend!


It lathers great, better than any I've used.
5616	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Have been using Toppik--a very good product for sure--during several years now, but amazon offers other hair fibers at a much better price. Spencer Forrest had best begin competing with its prices!
783	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best foundation I've found in years!  I have used Sheer Cover mineral products in the past, but found as I grew older (50's) this sort of foundation wasn't for me anymore, I tried then tried various liquid and creme foundations from Mary Kay, Clinique and Revlon.  Never really happy with any of them, I still have the potential for acne, and skin can be oily, but I have dryness and flaking too.  This foundation goes on easily, with no mess, my skin turns out looking very even and I have less problems with dryness, nor does it feel oily.  Perfect coverage, and long-lasting, and I just apply it with a good quality brush, highly recommend this product!
5295	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love them. Own two plan on getting all. Blends into shadow perfectly. I use them all the time. Cute packaging also.

4947	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	These pads are great and help you clean your face completely and scrub a few rough spots...but cost too much.
2883	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all Jane Iredale products. This glides on smoothly, doesn't smudge or wear off, and gives a great color.
I wash my hair every other day, but I rinse it with water on the day I do not use shampoo, as Toppik can come off on your pillow.
8660	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this soap. Very gentle for sensitive skin.

7779	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My t-zone is incredibly oily at 61 and the rest of my skin is dry.  I have a couple of clogged white heads in that same area.  I was hoping this would help but it's not helped so far.  It does help on my chin where I have black sebum inside my pores, diminishing them a little, each time I use the cleanser.  It has a faint aroma which is pleasant.  I am still searching for a product to slough off my skin in hopes of opening that clogged white head, which I got from using a moisturizer.
4361	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hairdresser used this product on my roots and it really made a difference so I bought some.  I apply it not only to roots but overall to my hair to give it texture.  This makes styling so much easier.  It also helps hold my curl when I want to use the curling iron.
8434	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product.


31	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So happy I purchased this! Smells so good! Its the real thing.

3584	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This did not work at all for my acne. Seemed very watery as well, so difficult to get it to stay where you wanted it.
9777	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great under eye concealer! Use daily when first apply in the am. No retouch needed.
8734	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this hand cream. It has a fresh scent and goes on smoothly with no lingering stickiness. However, I have very dry hands so I didn't find it to be as moisturizing as I had hoped, but in fairness I have yet to find any product that really does the trick for my extremely dry hands.
A. What I mean is that with the lighter shade of crme I was able to get the same look with the darker powder, as with the opposite of that technique using the darker crme and a lighter powder. Altogether, with these medium shades I was able to get a perfect match, thus prolonging my experience.
3423	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	like it
And I have to say the quality of this little box that arrived is top notch and totally worth the price. It has it's own sharpener that made for it, a very fancy little box and directions, and a lid for the pencil too.  I am SO glad I took the leap and tried.  Enjoy!
It is also particularly helpful to soothe skin after being out in face chapping cold temperatures as well as in face flushing heat. There is no fragrance and is suitable for any gender. Made in France, this is a product that is pleasant to use -- a small manageable indulgence.

This product can't be called nail straightener it should be called nail killer! DON'T BUY IT!
959	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very large curling iron.  I have long hair and was not familiar with curling iron sizes.  This one is big, heats up fast and seems to work well.  But it is such a large barrel that it just slighly curls the ends.  I would like to try the same brand in a smaller size.
I'd purchase this mainly because I love how she smells.
This cream feels a bit thick but once applied it absorbs quickly and leaves no residue. I don't know about it leaving me with a "glow" but my skin defiantly feels very soft and moisturized after using this. I can tell that using the whole product line together will give you better results. This jar is small...2oz but a little goes a long way!

4830	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
1333	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a life saver - I could not live without it.  I have a full head of hair, but there's one spot on the top of my head that is thinning out and I'm very self concious, so instead of going through a transplant, this does the job.  A friend of mine that had the same problem but she has her hair with highlights, uses it as well, and she has 2 bottles, one in light medium brown and another blonde, and she uses both at the same time.  It looks great

3329	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Pretty good color. I only were OPI bc they have the best colors.  I will purchase more OPI.
1622	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the color.  A universally flattering pinky gold.  I think it would look great on any skin tone. Goes on nice and smooth, too.

5370	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well covering a red scar on my face. Required a few layers, followed by foundation makeup and the redness disappears. Lasts all day!
2605	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Initially, this product appeared not to do anything for my hair; however, with continued use (two-weeks), I have noticed that my hair is softer, smoother, and my ends look a lot better (mended). The only negative is that it does smell like Old Spice Cologne from the 80s.  I use this product on my hair when it's wet, and also daily when it's dry. I use it usually before bed (a dime sized amount), then before styling it in the morning. The product does not cause any build up in my hair, which is a plus, and it is very lightweight. If hair serums are too oily or heavy for your use, this may be a great alternative for you. Also if you have TIGI Bedhead in After Party, I would pass on this product since I get the same results using that product.
This product looks and feels like water. It goes on as water would. Moisture is a "manicure killer". The sole purpose of this product is to dehydrate the nail bed before you apply any polish. "Chip-Skip" was formulated to combat moisture on your nails so that you have the driest possible surface on which to apply your polish - in theory, making your polish last longer.



Also, I believe this polish was intended to be a topper, or an added dimension to an under coat of color, either holgraphic/opaque glimmer, or cream color.  If used on top of a pale pink, and topped with a gloss, the effect is girly to the max,,, also, depends on how many coats one uses.  top a red and you'll get more gold...  If used alone, over a standard base coat, try building up till the color intensity suits your look.  this could be three or four. While matte looks are a statement, the rougness makes using it that way less appealing.  This polish 'looks' like it would be glossy, but it's not, not by itself.  This can happen with almost any of the polishes that have actual glitter in them.

For the price, I don't think that this brow pencil works for me anyway.  Nice color, but very disappointing wear time.  I don't want to have to try that hard with any brow products. I prefer to apply and not have to think about it for the rest of the day.

2341	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've reviewed other Baxter products and so far I find them to be a good line.  The advantage of this moisturizer is that it is subtle, easily absorbable and quite smooth feeling.  Nice hydration.
I wanted a little more length so I decided to try this. I picked mine up at a local store. I absolutely love it!! My nails are soooooooo strong now. And I have the length I want because my nails aren't breaking now!  I noticed a big difference after a couple of weeks.
2769	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always use after I wash my hair. Leaves my hair smelling wonderful and shiny.  Also helps with styling my hair as well.
I definitely will be trying more shades of butter London!

You get what you pay for with PCA Skin.
6067	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i have a very hard time finding night creams that don't give me acne, but this product is great! feels very thick at first, but absorbs well and leaves skin feeling very smooth.
5235	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like it so far- surgical treatment might be better!
2474	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have stopped using crest white strips. This whitens and also leaves teeth feeling like you just left the dentist after getting teeth cleaned. Very clean and smooth.
4602	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love Juice Beauty products.
If you're in the market for a nice facial mist, this is an excellent choice. I would imagine even the most reactive, sensitive skin types would like this :)
3351	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I guess I should have realized this would be yellow by having "chick" in the polish name. It didn't look that yellow on my phone. It's definitely yellow, not the neutral color I was expecting.
8330	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Was hoping this was gonna be great but was let down   this eye cream was really hard for my skin to absorb and then it dried out my eye area so much my skin started to get irritated and flake off  don't bother trying it youall just waste $ and regret it. I have a whole jar left so maybe Ill try using this as a neck cream ...
4921	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This might just be the most perfect makeup option on the market.  It provides even smooth coverage whether you like a light finished look or full coverage makeup.  I do recommend ordering the Jane Iredale Handi brush to apply the foundation.  It looks much smoother when applied with the brush.  I also recommend a heavier moisturizer if your skin tends to be dry since this is a powder foundation. If you've never tried their foundation, visit their website to help pick the perfect color, but I usually buy from Amazon since I can find it cheaper there.
1593	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good basic white. OPI is the best.
Reviewed by Betty Dravis, March 27, 2014.

You'll enjoy this one!

6847	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Definitely dries your acne out but doesn't make them disappear over night.  Continued use on the same pimple will just make your skin really dry.  It does help make the acne go away faster though
8433	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Super product!  Eyes look hydrated and fresh immediately.  Goes on smoothly.  Definitely looking at other products in the line.
5704	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for over a year now, and I recommend it to anyone that has thin hair on the top of the head.  The color blends in well with my own haircolor, and it adds body and texture to my own thin strands. I do try and add a side part using a thin comb or pick in order for a more natural look, otherwise it can sometimes look like a wig without a natural hairpart.
5711	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It really does the job! I am a woman with thinning hair.  I use the medium brown and it stays in until I shampoo my hair.  It doesn't rub off on my pillows and the .87 oz can last a surprisingly long time.  I highly recommend this product, it's so much better than the other things that I tried.  The Joan Rivers product was the worst.  It rubbed off on my pillows and the headrest in my car.



6378	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Did not do anything special for my KP otherwise a nice soap but overpriced for what it doesn't do
7228	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best powder I have every tried (I'm a product junkie and have tried a TON). This is the best because you look flawless without being caked, only need a light layer to make a difference and helps the rest of my makeup last all day. plus SPF!
738	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	An excellent spray, used sparingly, helps to hold the fibers to the scalp.
5525	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is AMAZING. I have thinning spots and this covers and binds to the hair. I used to always have to wear my hair up to cover it but i can wear my hair down now and not have to worry about my patches showing. It stays in place and doesn't wear off throughout the day. No more worries. I've been contemplating buying this stuff for awhile after reading someone's blog about thinning hair. I buy the smallest size of these, use it everyday (a little goes a long way) and it lasts me a month. I just reorder when I get low. So buy size accordingly to how much you need.  Get it you won't be disappointed. Get your confidence back!
- does not cause my allergy and breakout-prone skin any problems
9299	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is the most perfect light and powdery bronzer!  I love its color and the easy way it goes on!
Each element of this kit has been easy on my skin.  I am sensitive to odors and the scent from these products is minimal and quickly dissipates.  A small amount of each one goes a long way and I estimate that the items should definitely last a month, if not more.  My only quibble is that it's difficult to get the precise amount of product I want out of the tubes.  I often end up squeezing out more than I need.  I wish that instead of squeeze tubes they used little glass jars or tubes with little pumps.
8077	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a 50 year old woman who is experiencing hair thinning in some areas on my scalp. I couldn't make a part before I used Toppik, It blends into your scalp and nobody knows that it's on. I highly recommend this. I tried the travel size first and was hooked. Try it you won't be sorry.
8476	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cleansing soap is awesome. It's the first time I've ever used an entire bottle of any facial cleanser. I follow washing with the matching seaweed toner by MB and it's wonderful as well. I have very fair, sensitive skin and this has been a big improvement to my facial health and appearance.
I hated shaving! My skin always got irritated and burned after! Then I tried this stuff after watching hours of videos, I broke down and gave it a whack. Now mind you I'm in a wheel chair so it is harder for me to shave and I get worn out in my chair quickly!!!! After using this I look forward to shaving I can't wait for the stubble at 5pm or 5am to show up cause I'm going to shave... I will spend the extra 10 min to get outta  bed to go through the procedure to shave ! My skin comes out so smooth and irritation free!!!!!! And the girlfriend really noticed a difference! Spend the money, spend the time to learn , spend the time to treat your self to something fun and comforting !!!
7198	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Yes, finally a dry shampoo that works and doesn't leave a residue and is not super-expensive. I would like to thank other amazon reviewers for writing about how to use this product. Do not apply from the bottle directly to your head. Instead pour a bit out and apply with your fingers. It seems too little powder to do anything but it works! Very light scent and does not irritate. Powder is white but I have black hair and no residue. This small size is great for travel. Will repurchase.

The products included are a mix of full size lotions and smaller versions of current products that allow you to sample their full range of baby-related items. It contains body lotion, foaming shampoo, diaper rash lotion, and two gels, one is that must be rinsed off and one that cleans without a need for rinsing. All are formulated to cause the least harm to a baby's delicate skin, and because it's so gentle, it can be used by older children with skin sensitive issues as well. The price is great, considering that each item costs more individually. It makes a great gift for any new parent - in presentation and content, it offers high quality items for a low price, and is packaged handsomely.
Nuxe is the first such product I didn't have that problem with. It's relatively light (for an eye cream) and absorbs quickly, but without the usual swelling I get from heavier versions. The smell is indeed there; if you're sensitive to odors, this isn't the line for you. I'm not, and in fact, I rather like this scent.


What I also like about this is that it is excellent at removing makeup; when I wipe a cotton pad with toner over my face after cleansing with this, no makeup residue is left on the cotton pad.
5264	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good skin care.
Subjective reaction based on my experience -- I like the product but I also do not wear a lot of make-up so my main concern was not in removing water-proof mascara or other tough to remove substances. I was looking for a good cleanser to help moisturize rather than strip my skin of oil. When I do need a make-up remover, I use wipes designed for that job.


452	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The LOreal Dermablend Professional line of cosmetics is new to me.  They earn being in a higher-end category in my opinion. They do not seem to be scented or too chemical. The jars, tubes, compacts are made very sturdy to last along with your make-ups. I have many favorites among them, yet I believe they all stand very well on their own. Some two or more of these creamy products come with an application spatula, and this appears to be an optional extra.  Also, there is a little instruction leaflet included with every product.
Also, not tested on animals.  That's cool.
8353	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	One of my recent samples has been Mario Badescu Skin Care Products. I started off with the Almond and Honey Face Scrub which was a pretty gentle scrub. It smells AWESOME, I am a big fan of the sweet almond scent! I give this scent 5 stars :-) I scrubbed it onto my moistened face and rinsed it off, it left my skin feeling very clean and soft. I then applied some of the Seaweed Cleansing Lotion (toner) it smelled pretty plain and earthy. The Seaweed scent was just ok, but it left my skin feeling clean and tight. Next I applied a small amount of the Ceramide Herbal Eye Cream. It smells like a non-scented lotion. This was just ok. I then massaged the Hyaluronic Moisturizer (SPF 15) into my face and neck which also smells like a non-scented lotion. It went on light, its not really thick, which I liked. Out of all these products I loved the Almond and Honey Scrub & the rest of the products were just ok.
The polish goes on like the name states, like butter.  I used O.P.I. Natural Nail Base Coat, then two coats of the polish, topped off by O.P.I. Rapid Dry Top Coat.  Because the butter LONDON polish self-levels very nicely, a rather quickly-done manicure looks like a much more professional job.  The long, specially shaped brush for the polish worked really well to apply it.
1038	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've switched to dermablend, and I'm not going back! The setting spray and powder is very high quality, and give their Makeup Forever counterparts a fierce run for the money. The Dermabland powder seems a little more coarse than my usual setting powder, but...when used with the setting spray, it stays on much, much longer. I've used Urban Decay spray, and many other brands, and Dermablend wins out by a mile. For the first time, my blush stays all day, instead of vanishing by mid-morning.
5958	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this one! it's really thick for a glitter and I just wore it alone. loosk great with 4 coats.
6828	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this and have recommended this to all my friends. It is so effective! Definitely my can't live without product in my medicine cabinet.
1060	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This setting powder is easy to use  but contains talc.
1116	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great when you contour and highlight to set the look
3863	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this product.  I will keep buying it.
7495	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have medium-length, thick, color-treated hair and love the feel the CHI Silk Infusion gives it. Just use a VERY sparing amount. My hair feels soft and silky after use. This has a very pleasant scent and a little goes a long way. I'm quite pleased with the results.
241	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I came across this color and had to order it for the Holidays. This looks just like the picture but even better in person. You can wear this alone or over another color ,which right now I am. I am wearing this over a  OPI purple color and was so easy to apply. I only needed one coat instead of two like most polishes with glitter. I normally don't wear glitter polishes because they are a pain most I have used were always to thick or runny. This one was not a problem at all. So far it's holding up good ,no chipping. I used a top coat as well. Looks so pretty and really stands out. This definitely exceeded my expectations.
7887	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product a couple of years. they  just bumped the price from $46.00 to $57.00 Increase  23% that bothers me. They use our positive comments and feedback . I know exactly what they are doing.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TOPPIK-Hair-Building-Fibers-Black-0-97-oz/dp/B0002ZW5UQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TOPPIK Hair Building Fibers, Black, 0.97 oz.</a>
7219	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT - takes the redness and flaws AWAY
I use two "coats" of Chip-Skip (just to make sure that I covered each nail well) before I apply a base coat, and it is my experience that, when understood and used correctly,Chip-SKip does its job and helps retain the polish on your nails. It increases the length of time that my polish lasts.
The bottle does say it's designed for oily skin; my skin is more normal/dry right now, and I did notice that it seemed more drying than other micellar waters. Probably that's ideal for oily skin.
2782	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love the Art of Shaving products, the sandalwood is my favorite scent of theirs and it makes shaving less annoying. The balm really helps and makes your skin feel fresh and moisturized. I will say my absolute favs are the soothing mint kinds but this is good and will do. don't mind the price, it is a lot

My one complaint which may be more a lack of make-up skill on my part is that I felt I needed more than a "pearl-sized drop" to get the great results.
8712	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great moisturizer! You do not need a large amount of the product to cover the entire face. Mario got this one right. After application, my face feels smooth and never flakes or gets dry!
3158	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I rarely wear perfume or cologne because I don't like overpowering scents. To me, an ideal cologne should smell almost like the body lotion I wear after showering: subtle, pleasant, and non-cloying.  Eau de Rochas promised that experience and so I decided to try it.
7344	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Serum feels wonderful and tingly on a clean face as if it's waking up your skin. I've used the Somme line for a year, very good.
5242	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm 51 years old. My face does not give away my age but my neck does. I was considering going into debt for some type of laser or plastic surgery procedure when I ran across reviews for this product.
8507	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This iconic brand has been around for over 50 years. It was founded by a Romanian-born skin care specialist.

I also ordered some personna blades with it. I haven't tried them yet. Instead, to see how the razor shaved, I used a derby blade that I used all week (5 face shaves and 3 head shaves on the blade). Towards day 5 the blade usually starts tugging and pulling especially around the chin area. When I put the old blade in the 37c there was no pulling or tugging. It was almost like a brand new blade.
8695	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Badescu products. We swear by the rescue remedy for breakouts. This oil comes in an easy to use package and is just wonderful.
2980	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Overall this is a luxurious shaving kit that's OK but not perfect on sensitive skin. My husband has super-sensitive skin and finds that this is better than most shaving options, but less good than Edge "extra sensitive" shaving gel (though if I'm honest, that has SUCH a slippery feel it almost feels like a petroleum-based lubricant... but apparently it's better for his face).
8128	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you're familiar with Leslie Baumann's book _The Skin Type Solution_, this is one of the face washes she recommends for oily skin.  Since I also have sensitive skin (my skin type is OPWS), I was worried that it would be too drying for me, but I really do like this!  The foaming action is definitely more subtle than other foaming cleansers I've used, but it suds up nicely and has a light, pleasant scent that is non-irritating.
6360	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great moisturizer! You do not need a large amount of the product to cover the entire face. Mario got this one right. After application, my face feels smooth and never flakes or gets dry!

146	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Exactly as described.  Sure wish I could find OPI's "Start To Finish."  Can't find it anywhere.



4796	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	you have to use a lot if you have thick hair and for the price point it's not worth it. the peppermint essential oils in this are too concentrated and will burn your eyes
CAUTION:
3911	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Definitely strengthens nails. Stopped my nails from peeling and breaking as often. I would recommend investing this if you have problem nails and are trying to get them to a better state.
It is worth noting that this isn't a pure rose hip oil, but an extract mixed into a cocktail with other ingredients. If you're looking for a pure oil you'll want to look elsewhere.

5165	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Used this on an unsightly pimple near my hairline. It didn't dry my skin and was easy to use under makeup. I've found that to be true of other salicylic treatments. What I liked about this was the precision of the applicator. I appreciated that it's non-porous aluminum and can be wiped clean with a tissue or cotton ball when I'm done.
I know that fragrance can smell completely different on one person than another.
After several months of use I've found the acne blemish kit - which includes this wash is completely unsuitable for sensitive skin. If you have ss, run far and fast from this particular line. Perhaps JB's other products are good, but this line left a sour taste so to speak. Ultimately it ravaged my face and I had to abandon the use. When I addressed this with JB they refused to refund me. Instead they line to encourage users to keep using it passed the 45 day refund period by saying it can take up to 2 months to see results. So buyer beware. Be prepared to be stuck with it if you hate it. They don't seem to care that it gave me blackheads, which I never had before, and caused the cystic acne to spread and swell. The purge is a marketing plow. There is no such thing. If you find it is irritating after 2 weeks stop using it. It is not the purge, unless you consider inflammation a purge. Company failed to back their product to my satisfaction.
1103	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As a man I was hesitant to use. BUT I am also embarrassed by my cherry red face this time a year. So I had to try something. I'm glad I tried this. I first use their Dermablend Blurring Mousse with SPF 25. That covered the redness and gave me some protection on top of the zinc sunblock I already use. That zinc stuff leaves me looking super shiny with a white coating on top of my red face - not good. The Blurring mousse covers the white sunblock and red face, this setting powder removes the oily shine. Result is - I look like I have a nice natural face free of redness and oil. My redness is natural and the sun just makes it worse, add my oily skin and well, I get self conscious. SO I am loving this stuff. This powder leaves my face looking dry. Truth is it's also lasting all day even with light sweat. When I pat my face I barely see a hint of color, so its not wearing off nor getting on my collar. Would definitely recommend to a woman, wouldn't admit to my friends I'm using it though, but I don't plan to stop. At least not until summer passes. I am totally satisfied with how long it last how well it stays on and the fact that it doesn't "look" like I  have anything on. I love it!

6567	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I order the entire product line!
6781	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	not for me. break me out so bad!!!!
4069	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have really sensitive skin and can say for certain that this helps me remove make-up and other grime off of my face without any irritation or breakouts or redness of any kind.  I'm really happy with this product.
The ingredients listed in the bottle are: Rose Hips (Rosa Canina Fruit) Extract, Propylenr Glycol, Glycerin, Imizadolidinyl Urea.

Bowl/Scuttle: Crown King scuttle ( you can also check the review I did on this product on Amazon!)
6599	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So refreshing YOU NEED THIS IN YOUR LIFE. LOL. I love this stuff. I use it throughout the day to spruce up and give my skin some love.
1545	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All Zoya polishes are great, for most colors you only need a single coat to get full nail coverage without any streaks. This color looks exactly as described, a nice light gray. I actually got it to replace Sally Hensen's "Earl Grey" color which I lost and it is a very good match. The Sally Hensen polish is discontinued so the prices for it were outrageous. Zoya's "Dove" is a perfect replacement.
4691	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	AAA+++

My wife likes it better too.
Although a bit pricy, the shampoo itself is worth every penny.  It doesn't have a very strong pungent smell that is overwhelming like some shampoos.  I usually use Garnier Fructis that can sometimes leave the hair stringy and leave you smelling like a tropical fruit all day.  The jack black shampoo does seem to make your hair fuller and cleaner than most shampoos that I have tried that have promised the same results.  I am 35 years of age and have a full head of hair and according to my family history won't lose it anytime soon,  so I can not explain how the shampoo does on thinning hair, but with the results I got from it just using a quarter sized amount to wash my hair and beard, I would be shocked if it didn't do what it advertises for those with thinning hair.  Even though it is $19 for 12 ounces,  I will be buying this product from now on.

3434	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	very soft, natural color. ideal for at home . long lasting, non-chipping. excellent product.
2953	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have oily skin and wash my face nightly.  However, I've never used a facial scrub before trying this Baxter version.  The first time I tried it, I was surprised by the gritty feel.  It truly feels like sand on your face, but doesn't feel unpleasant.  You can feel it working well.  The instructions do say to apply the product in circular motions.  Also, you are only supposed to use this 1-2 times a week.

4822	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	item exactly as described great quality fast ship
I have found recently that I need to put on fine dustings of all powders for myself personally; and not necessarily all over my face and neck.
I guess I'll just have to buy another tube...
4501	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The 3.8fl oz size is 100ml and OK to go on an airplane with you.
411	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Darker than I expected, goes on smoothly. I used it to cover heart surgery scar but it almost seems to call more attention to it. Pleasant scent
4895	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it

4861	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Used for years and for me the best foundation. Very smooth and nice finish.
9602	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used this one after using my Proraso and its a nice combination. Proraso is a splash. My skin never looked better
8351	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the smell, it leaves my skin feeling fresh and soft!
Make sure to get the right color, too light and it will do nothing, too dark and it will look odd, but better too dark than light.
9104	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Creates big soft waves (not tight curls).  You can definitely tell teh difference in quality of this curling iron from the typical drug store brands.  Great purchase!
7273	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This might just be the most perfect makeup option on the market.  It provides even smooth coverage whether you like a light finished look or full coverage makeup.  I do recommend ordering the Jane Iredale Handi brush to apply the foundation.  It looks much smoother when applied with the brush.  I also recommend a heavier moisturizer if your skin tends to be dry since this is a powder foundation. If you've never tried their foundation, visit their website to help pick the perfect color, but I usually buy from Amazon since I can find it cheaper there.
4078	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a combination cleanser, toner and makeup remover that's soothing and gentle even on my fair, sensitive skin.

5246	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Top of the line immediate results

  I am aging and have some fine lines when I first wake up, and this does not do a thing for them.  IN fact, it maybe makes them look a bit worse.  I think this product would be better on younger women.  It is non-comeodogenic, and hypoallergenic, fragrance free and - I like this one - CRUELTY FREE.


880	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very good!
872	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Yes, this is water.  But it's great water.  It sprays on lightly -- pure mist that doesn't cause runs and feels incredibly refreshing.  This may have as much to do with the spray mechanism as the water, but what works ... works.
1739	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite spring and summer coral!
1502	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Everyone loves this color, and my coworker borrowed it yesterday for a special occasion!
5665	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a black woman with thin edges. I use this product on my edges when I want to pull my hair back it really camouflages my thin edges. I also ordered the pump to help evenly disperse the building fibers.
5931	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Butter London has once again met and exceeded all my expectations. This polish color is just as vibrant as it appears. Butter London's colors are always rich and beautiful in person. All what I really love about their nail polish is the fact that is doesn't have any of the horrible smells that many of the other brands have because they cut out those chemicals. The polish doesn't destroy the nail like many other products and is always easy to remove and applies smoothly and thickly. Two coats is perfect. If you haven't tried their polish before I highly recommend it!
4817	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does a good job to make my hair appear thicker and with volume.  Easy to apply...sprays neatly and feels clean.

6141	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for your skin. Very refreshing and has a great smell to it
1887	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	just gorgeous, richer than Essie's "I'm Addicted" and I can't decide which one I like better!
This one is good..no irritations or pore blockage. Love it!

Another quality product from Crabtree & Evelyn.

I have become a big fan of Juice Beauty products since they are not tested on animals.  It's difficult to find department store brands that are not tested on animals.  Juice Beauty is of the same quality of department store brands, without being tested on animals.
The one problem was that application took longer than with  fluid foundations. Because she isn't used to applying cream foundation. She was happy with the matte finish.
4294	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	thank you so much
9391	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like all OPI, this has a great formula and goes on smoothly in two coats. This is a very bubblegum pink color. I have a giant stash of 200+ OPI colors but I couldn't find one that was an exact dupe.
387	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	No complaints with this product or brand. This Dermablend product is fragrance free, perfect for my sensitive skin, and hides my blemishes perfectly (redness, acne, or sun spots).
267	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have bought a huge amount of OPI Nail polish and Sparklelicious was quite a bit more costly than the norm but it is beautiful.  I mix a lot of sparkly polishes to get the most bling out of them and this item has the bling and the sparkle and I am, though not happy at the price, terrifically happy with the product. I have just purchased my THIRD bottle because I want to have 'back-up' in the event this is discontinued.  This is my favorite of them all (and I've bought a huge amount of polishes from Amazon) and anyone that gives this less than FIVE stars must not like bling; 'cause this is truly gorgeous!
Highly recommended!

Don't be put off by the small size of the tube. It takes the tinyest amount to do the job. A fingertip is far too big for applying this under eyes, for instance. Experiment and see. I use a Q-tip with just a smidge on it, for BOTH eyes!
6802	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Oh my goodness! This stuff is absolutely AMAZING. I've struggled with acne for years and I tried this out last night, woke up today and NO JOKE MY red spots and acne have shrunken 80% my skin looks SO much better after ONLY one use. I'm amazed. FINALLY something that actually works!!!
1)  Leaves hair shiny and soft.
The clipper is sharp and it doesn't fling your clippings everywhere.  Most of them are caught inside so it is easier to cleanup.

9939	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like the smell and like most soaps it does not stick around. Its a larger amount than I expected. Ive been wet shaving for about two years and still find myself experimenting with different soaps. They last a long time so its not like you have a lot of them. This one is very pleasant, very nice shave, lathers easily (I have heard water but on a hardness scale of 1-5 its a 2-1/2) and Im looking forward to keeping it in my rotation. I have a tough beard that grows in many directions and I would definitely recommend this soap.
I barely notice any smell which is good for me since I have soaps that have a perfume like smell that I have stopped using.

4658	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I asked my daughter to try this skin kit out.  She has problem skin.  She told me that she likes the cleanser which made her skin feel tighter and tingling clean, she had nothing good to say about the moisturizer. She didn't like the smell, and also thought the moisturizer was way too thick.  We don't understand why someone concerned with acne would want a moisturizer so thick that it may clog facial pores.  She saw no improvement in her skin with these products.  So no recommendation for this skin care kit.
7708	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The size of the brush I received was somewhere between a small and a medium sized brush - not even close to an XL.
- The cream has a light, supple texture than applies thinly and evenly.

3318	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	A few folks on a haircare forum recommended this to me when I was asking about moisturizing shampoos. I've only used this twice so far, but I love how rich it is and how healthy my hair feels after using it. It has a lovely, rose-like scent, and you need just the smallest amount to clean your hair.
6642	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my new favorite curling irons now.
I would recommend this perfume for older men, it's certainly not a perfume for teens or even twenty somethings unless they can pull it off. Although I like more fresh scents on men, I quite liked this one, and I can't wait to gift it!
9721	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This Burberry Brit Sheer is simply amazing.  It is light but has a woody undertone.  Not too floral but not heavy either.  It has a very "expensive" aroma that works well for party wear a s well as business. The perfume itself is clear so it will not likely stain white clothes. The only downside is that this wonderful scent is rather expensive and the bottle is somewhat plain looking compared to many of the other fragrances on the market.  Other than that this is a great scent.
3877	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
8840	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Finally had the opportunity to try this trendy new beautiful product. I am very happy with my purchase. The dual bottles you receive in this package are a good size AND the product is fantastic. Roses smell good anyways, add in those extra nice ingredients and you have a great product. Not sure about using it under my makeup, but definitely love it as a moisturizer!
I'll probably go back to the Hard Water since my hair is really fine and doesn't hold without a lot of help but I could happily recommend the Soft Water just as easily as the Hard Water.

7230	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	the buffering liquid was a bit hard to use, but I like the drying lotion and finish off with the drying cream. zits dramatically reduced in 2 days.
3040	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty good emulsion! Gentle and smooth. Also, fast shipping.
Fragrance free

7901	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Bought it for my brother and the results were unreal and so natnral looking. I applied it for him. Might be better if you have someone apply it for you so the other person can see any bare spots.
The product is made in France, and like most French beauty products, the price might be high, but the product is worth the purchase. After one light spray, the scent lasts about six hours, slowly fading away hours after application.

8427	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this product! Place it in your fridge for a better "awake" cooling feeling. I will definitely order again!!
6785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works amazing! Dab a little on at night and in the morning your acne is completely gone or very very small!
9672	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the smell and the fact that it moisturizes skin without greasy feeling. A little goes long way and I have my tube for months. Sometimes I use it for a super dry skin under my knees and it does wonders. Simply the best hand cream I've used.
2491	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't look right when I apply it.

First, the box has sunscreen directions for liberal all-over application. The paper insert, however, has instructions specific to spot-coverage for imperfections. This wouldn't be a conflict IF you could indeed spread this crayon-ish clay-like material all over. But you can't really, unless you mix it with some other smoother product.


1853	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my favorite colors.  I definitely recommend this color.
5456	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very dry skin, I have my entire life.  My lips are the worst - always dry and peeling, even cracking in the winter.  It's impossible for me to keep lipstick on my lips - wears off in minutes but I never knew why.  Even the "16 hour long lasting lip stick" didn't work - wore off in an hour or two.
3016	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A little bit expensive but well worth the price because it smells so good. After showering with La Roche Posay Surgras soap, I use this lotion on my arms, legs and back. These two products work so well together to provide those with sensitive skin relief from dryness and/or itching. I will most definitely be using these through winter.
5394	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of the best blower, ever is so light not heavy at all!! It cut times in half! Love It!
7360	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's slim and sharp, easy to hold and use.  I ordered the blonde color, but it really is a little dark.  I just apply it with a lighter hand.  I would buy again.
8790	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Came inside a plastic bag with half the bottle spilled everywhere and the box came wet. My rose water and cucumber water ugh. Next time Im not buying this online anymore the kids weren't even full screwed on.
8533	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My toner of choice.  I use it just about every day.  If my skin is raw from my skin condition (Lichen Planus) I hold off for a day or two because it can burn a little because of the AHA it contains, but when I have more or less "normal" skin, I use it on a cotton ball or two, making sure to get my neck too, and it makes my skin feel so clean and tightens up my pores.  Love this stuff!
9030	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this curling iron ! This size is just perfect, not too big where it doesn't do much and not so small that I look like shirley temple. I love the long cord and its very good quality. It gets hot fast and stay hot, I keep it at a temperature of around 300 maybe to 330 and thats plenty hot for my hair. I also appreciate that the cord moves as you use the iron so it does not get tangled. Overall its very good quality, makes the perfect curl, and I love how I can control the temperature and that its not just a low and high setting.

3180	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Order again and again..best facial cleanser
5330	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the consistency, strong enough to remove dirt but gentle enough not to irritate. And although I've heard some people say they do not like the way NIA 24 products smell, I actually do like the way their products smell. It is a bit strong, and would recommend the company to lay off on the fragrance. This product gets a 2 rating on ewg.org, which is good!
6499	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love these candles! They burn wonderfully and smell delicious
note 2* do not touch your face after application. because it's a gel and after it dries, it will flake and you probably won't even notice it so you'll have flake and gunk all over your face if you wear it during the day. either only use it at night like i do, or follow up with a cream to cover.
9873	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	UPDATE - 06/03/2015. I also just tried a Feather blade with this razor. The first shave was great and very smooth, the second - not so much. I am thinking that the Feathers are a one-shave blade. But if you are afraid that this razor + Feather = suicide - relax, you'll be fine :)
4747	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband really needs to take care of the hair he has left.  And he needs to make the most it as well.  So anything that can give a fuller look, clean with quality ingredients and not give him dandelion head is a real find.  To that end, this Jack Black shampoo is the best shampoo he has ever used.  Not only is the smell is terrific but it really does give his hair a thicker look without the fly away dangers involved with really clean but thinning hair.  He absolutely loves it.
7070	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like the fragrance. My John Friedas product does a similar job for less money, however.
4673	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this product. Its very nice. It has a great smell. Well priced. I use it at night and wake up with soft hands.
1.  There is no clumping.
2502	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this product, will give a try for a few months to see if it helps any with wrinkles.  It is a little thinner then I like, but will give it a try.  color was a good match.  goes on really well.  Looks good.
893	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I quite like this thermal spring water. I tried it after washing my face in the shower. I sprayed it on and then let it sit for a minute and patted off the excess. After, I put on some moisturizer. I thought this helped make the important toner step more likely to happen because I liked how it made my skin feel.
5532	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
My husband and I both like it because its light and not overpowering (as many mens colognes tend to be).  We both like the orange/bergamot notes.  I also like that the scent doesn't announce itself from across the room.  I have to be close to get a whiff and my husband likes that.

Skin will regenerate faster and pain is also relieved. This cream is perfect for skin irritations, chapping, cracking of the epidermis and wounds that are slow to heal.
3135	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	stuff smell great and works well to control perspiration.  Long lasting as well.
3018	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great moisturizer!
5509	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First of all, I LOVE STILA! This blush is soooo pretty! Highly recommend!
9655	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Jane Iredale. Love this lipstick and love the color



832	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I love almost all Jack Black stuff.  Just not this Jack Black stuff.  I am not a fan of sunscreen in moisturizers.  Maybe its me, but the feel and smell makes me think I am putting on full blown sunscreen, not a moisturizer. I have tried other similar moisturizers including sunscreen with the same result (Loreal for Men).  I know the concept behind it is supposed to be good for us, but I have just not found a product that can combine the two without the "ick" factor.
Try it before you buy it.

5727	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This produce may be applied in just moments to achieve a very efficient results, any time of the day.
2077	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I love this color (and many of Essie's colors), but the polish gets so many bubbles as it dries that it's unusable.
5425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only cleanse my face with salicylic acid 2%.  Ive tried other cleansers but they do not work. I see a dermatologist and sleep with medicated lotion that is prescribed but need to have my face clean prior.
3245	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
6278	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff. Use once a week on face. Will dry out skin, so use face moisturizer after.
8286	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All Hail the Queen was my first bottle of polish by Butter London. Tired of thin polishes from Essie and not really excited by OPI at the moment, I finally decided to give this brand a try. I've purchased a bottle of Chanel polish before, but $15 for nail color still seems steep to me. I picked this color because it seemed safe lol and I just wanted to try the product line.
3. Doesn't aggravate my sensitive skin
7494	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Although this small container seems a little pricey, it should last for a very long time.

3014	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have a severe itch problem on my feet and ankles. This product feels non-greasy and feels a little cooling. Unlike other reviewers, mine has no scent. The size of the bottle means this will last for a long time.
4482	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great cleansing water!  It does a very good job, without feeling greasy or leaving a film on my face!  I would buy this again.
7253	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Haven't used it long enough to evaluate this color.  I have had this same product in a different color which I didn't see available, so I hope this will work well too. I loved the product and besides staying on me all day, the product lasts and lasts, as well or better than other similar products, and though expensive is a real bargain, IMO.
2250	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice alcohol-free skin toner that doesn't dry out your skin.  It leaves it feeling clean and tingly, and the minty smell is nice (the smell does not linger, though).  I've been using it as a sort of after-shave, and my skin is feeling much better (it was starting to feel very dry, even with an electric shaver).  And even though this is a product for men, my wife and daughter enjoy using it occasionally, too.
5975	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	love butter polish....this color was just a bit light for me.........has shimmer to it but is light even with 2 coats.
6962	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Skin feel: This moisturizer feels cool and pleasant on the skin. While the label recommends using it in the morning and at night, I find it a little heavy to wear during the daytime, especially after applying a product with an spf on top (an important step of anyone's daytime skincare regimen). If you're looking for something to wear under your day cream, consider&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Juice-Beauty-Stem-Cellular-Repair-Moisturizer/dp/B004I14JCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Juice Beauty Stem Cellular Repair Moisturizer.</a>
7570	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	always a quality product
9943	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.
I'm not a "signature scent" kind of gal - I like variety.  While I will wear this more during cooler weather, it earns a place in my perfume arsenal.
9291	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice
6801	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my holy grail essential item to keep handy.  I don't break out too often but when I do, they are usually enormous and in the worst spot. This drying lotion has tamed even my worst breakouts OVERNIGHT. If it doesn't completely disappear in a day, it is SIGNIFICANTLY reduced in size and redness, making it much much easier to conceal. And it does all of this without over drying the skin.  It does have a strong odor to it, but once dried it becomes unnoticeable.  I use a Q-tip to apply it by just inserting the Q-Tip straight into the bottle without mixing it around, then apply it straight to the blemish and go to sleep.  I can't tell you what a life saver this has been especially when you have any big events coming up that require a clear face ASAP.

6502	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good to set up makeup and not seem chalky when you leave the house.

IS IT NATURAL?
5485	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This has a unique feel when you push the foam out of the can, it has a feeling almost of mousse so it is lighter than most shaving cremes. A little bit goes a long way.

8710	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for dry skin, hydrates VERY good
2697	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i wear pink side on a lower waterline and white one on the lower lid and inner corner. it makes a subtle difference, not "in your face" makeup
3217	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use a Norelco wet/dry in the shower. I've tried most off the options- Billy Jealousy, Proraso, etc.. Even the Jack Black Beard Lube. But this is the best! You only need a tiny amount to get a lather- I just use my hands- and the shave is smoother and so much closer, it's ridiculous. Yes, it's pricey, but as I said, a little goes a long way, so overall shouldn't be bad.


2938	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has a thick beard and shaves every other day.  This conditioning cream helps him so much by making it easier to shave.
3452	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Really pretty color, but not good for a yellower skin-tone. Gave it to my mom who is more of a pink skin tone. Very blue undertones

242	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous color!

My only beef is they don't fill the containers all the way up.

3741	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I hate to be one of the few that hate this product. I can't think of one thing I liked about it. Some of the cons I experienced are: leaves a chalky white ghost face (I am already pretty fair), broke me out terribly after first use (maybe it's hard to wash off?), didn't settle into my skin/remained greasy throughout the day, had a greasy thick silicone feel upon application, did not look good under my makeup and caused it to flake and look weird  (maybelline fit me matte). For reference my skin is oily/combination and acne prone, reactive/sensitive, fair to fair medium, and normally I use olay complete sensitive spf 15 with no real problem I was just looking for a higher spf and a less greasy formula.
9909	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is really good for travel because it doesn't count as a liquid and you can pack it in the regular part of the suitcase, thus freeing up the small bag with liquids for carry on luggage.  The tinted foundation goes on easily and has good coverage.


8629	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	great product and easy for daily use
I have extremely PALE, pink, Swedish skin. My skin is dry, I have had a handful of hormonal pimples over my entire life. My biggest struggle is exfoliating and moisturizing my dry skin, especially in my dry state of Colorado. I wasn't sure this "cream to powder" foundation would be right for me, but after reading the reviews I was eager to give it a try.
The moisturizer comes in a simple squeezable plastic bottle.

3. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SET + REFRESH LONG-LASTING MAKE-UP SETTING SPRAY (NO SPF):
6348	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My gf liked it a lot. It absorbs right into the skin without irritating it. There is no scent to it which is great if you have sensitive skin. Bottle is a lot smaller than I had imagined.
5976	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So I had finally bought some butter londons. I avoided it because I just couldn't get over the price. However, I liked one of the colors very much and decided to give them a shot because their shape is a bit easier to store. So, I bought a set/kit thing and a 3 different colors.
Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.

7092	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jack Black True Volume Thickening Shampoo lathers very well and you only need about a quarter size amount to shampoo your hair unless you have really long hair then you'll need to use a little more.  It is a smooth shampoo much like what the salons use.  It leaves your hair and scalp so clean.  I have used it several times now and the flakiness is getting less and less.  This True Volume  Thickening shampoo with Expansion Technology puts Creatine and Wheat Protein in your hair shaft to thicken each strand of hair.  It also has Basil and Lupine in it to keep your hair healthy.  It is organic and has no fragrance.  It is for all hair types and even for color treated hair.  I really like this shampoo because it has helped to keep my head from itching so much as well as cut down on the flakiness. My husband really likes this shampoo too. I am ordering the conditioner to go with it.  I highly recommend the Jack Black Shampoo!
I'm guessing it depends on your skin - my skin tends to be drier anyway, while hers is much more soft and elastic. Maybe it works best on adult skin? I don't know - I just know that I'M happy with it, so it'll definitely be staying in the house!
9479	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very rich and moisturizing.  I'm hooked on Mario Badescu!
5728	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great product and covers up thinning hair areas very well! Highly recommended but make sure to use some hair spray so that the fibers will stay in place!
7239	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Would not use anything else!!! The best foundation!!!



6977	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I tried this moisturizer on my face. It feels very light and it goes on pretty smoothly leaving my skin feeling soft without feeling greasy. Having said that, I personally am not too fond of the green apple scent especially on my face. I do like the idea that it's organic and and according to the package, it has an antioxidant rich juice base. I would consider this moisturizer either unscented or with a different or more subtle scent. Regardless, I think it's a good product.
3612	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for trips where my face needs extra care, would buy again!
211	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color. Sheer stylish, love!
*Also, this happens to be an authentic product.
7474	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product! It makes my hair so soft and shiny without making it look greasy!
THE WORST PART- ITCHING
if you like the texture of Nivea, but want an everyday cream that's even richer and more moisturizing - this is your product!
1986	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this color. Wore through recent holidays and it was just great. Many compliments. Thank you so very much.
2. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL TRANSLUCENT LOOSE SETTING POWDER (NO SPF):
1657	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Found this at Ulta after considering an online purchase of Zoya (after reading reviews).  Gemma is an army green color, and in the bottle, you can see the contrast dichroic-type effect of pale purple shimmer.  However, once it's on the nails, that dichro effect is lost.  It simply looks like a shiny army green.  I think that the difference between regular ambient light in a room (or outdoors) and the pale purple shimmer is simply not great enough to show a difference.  If you're looking for army green, go for it.  If you're looking for dichroic effect, keep looking.

6854	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It sucks others haven't gotten this to work for them. I hope they are using it correctly and letting the product settle completely before using. As for me, this product is hg and I have bought it three times so far. It is best for whiteheads although I definitely use this on popped pimples to keep them from coming back. I have also used this successfully on forming cystic pimples and they flattened. No it doesn't work every time on every single pimple. And some pimples just get really horrible no matter what you use on them. But this stuff is my most reliable spot treatment for overnight, and I will keep buying forever. Only con is that in the winter when my face isn't as oily it's harder to wash off in the morning and can leave a pink cast if my cleanser is too gentle.
Very light full coverage. When applied to set the covering foundation will hold foundation for over 16 to 24 hours,  Have found from my personal use.

1033	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of those perfect baby shower gifts.  Most new mothers don't have a strong sense of what products they are really going to love.  They are taking advice from other people, baby books, doctors, and of course their own mothers.  With the most popular brands getting the worst ratings from mothers who are wanting to stick with products that are completely non-toxic and natural, it's hard to find gift sets that allow for trials of products to find the one that they may want.  Other than the fact that the fragrance is pretty strong, these are suitable for those mothers who are wanting the most "free from everything" products.  It is also relatively inexpensive compared to other brands that are similar.  On top of that, these small sizes allow for a new mother to test everything out and find out if they want the larger sizes.  The only one that I wasn't thrilled about was the diaper rash cream.  All others have better seals and can be used multiple times.
5985	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lightweight and goes on smooth. Makes my dark under eyes look refreshed and the skin appears smoother. Love it!
This razor takes a touch and you will develop it with time. Read other reviews and watch you-tube.  Go to the Badger and Blade forum and read all about wet shaving, Double Edge and Straight Shaves.
2267	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA'S HERBAL MINT TONER for men. The solution is a great astringent toner that contains no drying alcohol, so it's great for dry or sensitive skin, and it works well with combination and oily skin types, too.
2768	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT FOR YOUR HAIR  DOES NOT WEIGH IT DOWN AND SMELLS GREAT
125	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Got it for My Wife. Nevertheless she said her nails chip within a day of applying it. She will just stick with gel nail polish instead.
9680	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for my mother for a holiday gift an she loves the stuff!
SODIUM CHLORIDE
7583	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I originally wrote a good review for this product as it seemed to diminish wrinkles, however be aware:  I went to my dermatologist showed her attached pic and she also had recent pics of my neck.  She said there's a chemical that decreases fatty tissues which is why it's not recommended for face.  She suggested I use remaining product for my elbows, knew, and buttocks.  I have a Long, thin neck with little fatty tissues.  I'm now paying for Fraxell to go back to where I was before Nectifirm.
Toppik has completely changed my life. It's not perfect but look at it like makeup. It covers up just enough so that if you didn't tell people they wouldn't know. I have confided in 2 or 3 close friends that I started using it and asked if they saw any difference. They said "That stuff is F--- AMAZING!" If you have thinning or balding hair, scalp issues to cover up it's worth the money.
255	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of the best top coats out there! Dries fast and protects your manicure from chipping.

Our pre teen was prepared to see his skin turn red.  He said it was more like a 'light' red.
This is a creamy roll-up stick cover product which does the job without rubbing off too much. I love the idea of having a smooth body-skin look as with the generous tube of the wonderful, and long-lasting Dermablend Professional Leg and Body Make-Up; however, Im mentioning this Quick Fix product first as Im partial to a more natural, yet youthful, look, only working with the blemishes and letting the natural skins still show through.  This is my personal preference.  It isn't quite going to be looking as flawlessly airbrushed overall as with the full body make-up, yet it is the product I will use first; especially during the day. I love it.
689	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I was not all that impressed with this shampoo for the price I paid for it. I like Crew better for the quality and price.
4726	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fits the Original Super Solano I purchased. Diffuses the heat nicely and my curls look great. What else is there to say?
4972	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Baxter truly delivered with this trio. An excellent face wash that is gentle on the skin. The lotion has a minty scent is also very gentle. The packaging is perfect and the price is right. Highly recommended.

8460	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	my best cream for dry skin
7440	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product on my elbow and knees and I am very happy that this works.  I'm a little bit scared to use this on my face as I have a very sensitive skin and .... I can't take the chances.  That's just me but I'm sure this works just fine.
I easily apply this by squirting a bit of this on a cotton ball and running it over my entire face.  I have combo skin type; dry in some places, but greasy in the T zone. This greatly improves my greasy areas while comfortably cleansing my dry areas. My skin feels fresh and not tight after using this. I have been using it for about a week now and I am happy with the results so far. I only use it once, at night, but because my skin doesn't seem to be drying out, I think I will also start using it in the morning when I wash my face. I'm excited to keep using this for hopefully continued god results.
6704	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well, just have to make sure the heat is not too high
4050	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used this to remove heavy, black eyeliner, and it worked very well. Black eyeliner is always a mess, and takes some extra doing, but it came right off. I swiped it right across my eye quite a few times, and had no redness, stinging, or irritation. I've also used it as a cleanser. I think it works well, but I just can't get used to the "no water" thing, so I don't mind using this once a day, but I still feel the need to wash with water, too. I do like to use this as a "pick me up" after I've been working in the yard on a hot day. With a quick swipe It cleanses, refreshes, and cools my skin, and I don't have to bother with pulling my hair back to wash my face with water.
1554	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my favorite colors and the product is just as it says.
Color: This was a really good color for me, even though I have medium brown hair. I have found that many products labeled "blonde" are the right shade either alone or when used to lighten up a darker color.
- Color: looks natural, not super dark in 1 application but will experiment with doubling up to see if it gives a more deep tone for summertime.  In winter, the single application is enough to take very pale skin to a more healthy looking glow.


 Dermablend Pro Translucent Loose Setting Powder in my three separate medium shades (separate jars); when applied and then dusted off created light on dark or dark on light look as I so chose.
- moisturizing,
Pros:

2082	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	IF YOU LIKE COTTON CANDY PNK! THIS IS FOR YOU. MY FAVORITE PINK ESSIE NAIL POLISH OF ALL TIME!
It is so nice to wear tights, stockings, or nylons during the Winter to have confidence that leg imperfections will not be seen with dresses, and on ankles under pants above boots.  However, during cooler months especially, it is very nice to see perfect body skin peeking out of your clothing.  Not only does this product render a flawless airbrushed look, it is actually very resistant to liquid or rubbing off onto hands or clothing.  I absolutely loved the look when I put it on; and then darn, I was noticing in the light that my shade was a bit peachier than my actual sallow skin.  This might not be problematic for you with full-body applications, as for me on an occasional basis as desired; yet finding your closest match will save you a lot of bother, and will please you I believe.  As I have expressed that this product renders a nice, airbrushed look, and I believe even because of the staying power alone this Dermablend Pro product is worth looking into.  It just didn't muss up and rub off.
2507	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Truly makes the wearer fell euphoric. What a great scent!! Not overpowering, but not too subtle...JUST RIGHT! Perfect, actually...Lovely creation. It is a favorite for me. It will leave the wearer happier ....
8839	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This product is alright but i don't think my skin like ita very much
I found this product to be smooth, silky, and very comfortable on my skin. I do believe my face looked a little brighter and smoother when I wore this primer.  I am 50 years old and small lines are beginning to show, and I like to try different products.

Jack Black products do not seem to aggravate my celiac, don't try out my scalp and my bad hair days aren't nearly as awful as they usually were.  This stuff lasts forever.

7309	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the product. I love the fragrance.  It makes the room smell light and clean.

The worst part about this cleanser is that it made our skin itch a bit.  Perhaps it was from drying it out so much or maybe the sodium laureth sulfate it contains, but it just makes the skin feel uncomfortable.  No matter how much lotion I apply, it does not seem to soothe this feeling entirely.

5136	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I tried this Silk Infusion treatment using various styling tools - on both wet and dry hair. I have fine hair. When using the treatment on wet hair after getting out of the shower with my hair dryer, I found that my hair felt greasy afterward. So, I tried it after showering without conditioner. I also used less of the treatment. I liked the results - my hair was nice and soft. I also tried this on dry hair and then used my CHI straightener afterward. I used a very small amount. My hair is silky as promised. For the CHI Silk Infusion a little goes a long way. You do not need to slather your hair with the treatment, just use a dime sized amount and then style your hair. It will be soft and fluffy afterward.
UPDATE I am a big fan of PCA skin products and I had to update this review because I really believe I was sold an expired toner and other PCA products. I stopped buying PCA products on amazon after comparing them to the ones I bought with my dermatologist or @skinstore.com. I noticed that while everything was the same the expiration dates on the products I bought on amazon where different and where able to come off. Sadly I can't remember the vendor but there must be a reason why they are cheaper here when other sites like dermstore.com or skinstore.com will not even give a small discount on PCA products (PCA products are always excluded from promotions).
- Washes off nicely and easily
8402	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't imagine life without this toner. I've honestly never been a believer in toners, until I felt that I had to do something about my skin. My skin was constantly dry, blemishes were a weekly occurrence and I had dark spots from previous blemishes that formed discolorations. A friend recommended this and it has made such a huge difference. I rarely ever have breakouts and my skin is smooth and always fresh feeling. I use this at least 2 times per day (mostly because of how amazing and refreshing it feels). I recently had dry patches of skin around my nose and chapped lips from a very bad cold, and Mario Badescu products helped tremendously. There was no burning feeling, which really showed me how gentle this toner was. Over all, this is one of my greatest finds and I love this (and other Mario Badescu) products.
7527	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've had little pots of this moisturizer before and I've always loved how rich and creamy it is.  It does a great job moisturizing but it doesn't have an SPF, so I always need to put another lay on top of it, unless I wear it at night.  The pot is small - along the lines of a sample size.  I love Vichy products and there are some that I'm never without, such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vichy-Minral-89-Hyaluronic-Acid-Serum-Moisturizer-Daily-Skin-Booster-to-Hydrate-Plump-and-Fortify-Skin-1-69-Fl-Oz/dp/B06XC5PQGL/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vichy Minral 89 Hyaluronic Acid Serum Moisturizer Daily Skin Booster to Hydrate, Plump, and Fortify Skin, 1.69 Fl. Oz.</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vichy-Puret-Thermale-3-in-1-One-Step-Face-Wash-Cleanser-and-Eye-Makeup-Remover-for-Sensitive-Skin-3-3-Fl-Oz/dp/B074D72QTS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vichy Puret Thermale 3-in-1 One Step Face Wash Cleanser and Eye Makeup Remover for Sensitive Skin, 3.3 Fl. Oz.</a>.
2) Coverage is total.  I mean total.  You get a flawless look.  Rather like stage makeup with which I am familiar.
-it doesnt flake everywhere like some of the other products do.
****
1591	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Zoya!
2798	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice item to slip into a travel bag. It was easy to use and did a good job on my toe nails.
These Dermablend base products are synergistically enhanced with a nice sheen of fresh with a spray application of Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray. Just lightly mist your face with your hair pulled back to enhance your look and seal your make-up applications.  The mist isn't as fine as I had expected, but it works for me.  Even with dusted powders it will make a difference.  It is that simple for me.
There was no sharpener in the package I received. I tried using other brow pencil sharpeners but none worked (they only wore down the tip). The lack of proper sharpener may have affected application but not the other elements (texture, color, look when applied, price/value ratio) that are a part of evaluating this pencil's effectiveness.


5796	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Another reviewed nailed it when she said the color is not what I expected.  Jasmine looks pink online so what a surprise to see a flesh-colored balm.  It is a truly hideous color on me and one that I never would've ordered if there was even a hint in the description that it would be flesh-toned.  I can't see that there's a way to salvage this color so will just toss it.  Money wasted.  So disappointed.
3683	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Baxter of California's Daily Moisturizing Conditioner is a nice light conditioner that is great for daily use. It does not weigh your hair down and isn't a heavy conditioning product. It has a nice scent that's not over powering, but smells nice and clean. I like the consistency of the conditioner but also need a more nourishing conditioner in addition a couple of times a week for the drying summer months. A little does go a long way with Baxter's which is a plus.
6879	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I apply this to any spot whether a little "bump" or bug bite. It seems to draw out the inflammatory fluid & hasten healing. I've used several bottles through the years.
Polish chipped after half a day.
6619	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gets very hot, works great.  Good buy would recommend!
4306	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This foaming cleanser is not too thick and doesn't overly dry my skin. Use in the shower to wash my face in the morning and it felt soft and clean, but not dry or tight. Gentle enough for my somewhat sensitive skin.
8485	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	KEEPS my family of acne prone adults and teens acne free-removes all dirt
At 4.2 ounces, I believe this bottle will last me at least six months.  At $18, I believe this is an excellent value based on the quality of the product.
The biggest bonus for this night creamand maybe why it is targeted for menis that it is entirely odor free. I like that. I don't want any scents in my product, especially for a night cream. If you are interested in natural products, then Baxter of California is not for you. The ingredients lists is full of unpronounceables. Dimethicone and parabens and propolyne glycol and that sort of thing.
4769	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Tried this after becoming very disappointed with the AOS (art of shaving) shaving cream line. This wasn't the solution. Ingredient list has all the right stuff, but I find the lather to be extremely weak. Very very small layer of protection even when I use a generous amount of cream. Can't even use my badger brush and a bowl to bring a healthy lather, just won't work. Experimented with proper amounts of water several times to see if I could find the right consistency, but could never find it. I would amount this to being the shaving cream. I will continue my search as this product just wasn't for me. The art of shaving provides a better leather, but is very drying. This product makes canned gillette creams look like the "cream of the crop".
9546	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm obsessed with Mario Badescu, this particular cream in general. It is a heavier, greasy feeling (but only for about 20 or so minutes) until it absorbs. I currently use this at night along with the hyaluronic eye cream and the vitamin A-D-E neck cream. The combination have my skin feeling soft and rejuvenated. I am somewhat of a product junkie, and the Mario Badescu line is definitely one of my favorite.
Best of all one 5.2 ounce tube of Proraso can last close to a year with regular shaving. The initial cost per tube is higher than typical brands but the cost is easily made up over the course of a year.

6228	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it , fast ship
- Variety of shades
I do love the fragrance and the cooling feel of the mist. I think I will end up using it more during the winter than summer, or maybe even after a harsh, hot and drying day in the sun. It's a great product, it's just not very useful for me as a make-up fixing spray.
6015	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A new favorite - awesome for sensitive skin. I rotate Mario Badescu Seaweed cleanser and lotion with Mario Badescu Chamomile Cleanser and lotion daily (Seaweed in the a.m. and Chamomile in the p.m.) and use Mario Badescu Chamomile night cream. This approach is so soothing for my middle-aged skin that is prone to redness (the redness has reduced dramatically).
My biggest peeve with this cutter is it is rather difficult to use. It is sharp no doubt, but it is awkward to use.  You cannot really put proper leverage into it.
690	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Nothing great, didn't really meet my expectations for the price point. Plenty of other mens shampoo you could buy. I'll buy anthony's logistics for men before i buy this stuff.
5497	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I was soo disappointed with this OPI product. My nail polish chipped worse than if I'd not used anything at all. It didn't seem to work as a base OR top coat effectively. I was able to get a refund - thank goodness at $14 for one tiny bottle!
The images of it are the Herb Ritts black and white photos of Christy Turlington dressed in white and usually pictured with things that are eternal-the ocean, family. Back in the 80's there was an auction of items belonging to Edward, Duke or Windsor & Wallis Simpson, Duchess of Windsor and, for whom he gave up being King of England to marry. Calvin Klein purchased one of their wedding rings, which had the inscription For Eternity inside and hence the name of the scent-or so the PR story went. This scent was the nail in the coffin of 80s excess-the Giorgio and Poison era of big bold perfumes and deserves to be a timeless classic.
6471	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great daily moisturizer - good base for makeup, as well.  I will  buy this brand as long as I can.

1756	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My salon uses Essie products and they work well on my thin, dry nails.  I bought several colors.
3539	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff. I have color treated, greying and coarse hair. This product smooths, softens and adds shine to my difficult hair.
6481	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the smell and it refreshing feeling after you spray it+

4237	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love their products
It's hard to describe shades, but I don't think the wine shade is that wine-y. It isn't really in the purple family; more like a burgandy mixed with brown. The rosewood is a bit too light to be useful for me.
Like anything else, you need to determine the best shade for you.  It looks like Dermablend has over 20 shades, and the ones I have used tend to match the sample color on the website fairly close.  Keep in mind your tones on your display monitor will heavily influence that.  Dermablend does have a nice color selector tool on their website.  the Reddish Tan is one of the few shades I don't think looks natural when blended in.  It just reminds me of a spray tan.
Or else it just needs this.


The company, as of recently, seems to be in a flux and possibly going out of business.  Their products are disappearing from many stores.  I emailed the company and they said they are buying the product line back from P&G and will be reintroducing it to stores and online very soon.  Hopefully this is true and it doesnt take too much time.
8663	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This a great face cleanser for acne prone skin. I use it whenever I need a quick wash of the face (or back), as it does not need to be rinsed off. While it is great for getting make-up, sweat and dirt off, it is not overly drying. Most products (even acne & sensitive skin ones) tend to cause reactions in my skin, and this is a very gentle cleanser without being too harsh. I have used much more expensive lotions & cleansers, but always keep coming back to this one. Great value and a great cleanser. Will continue buying over and over.
8431	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really helps with puffiness and moisturizes
9302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Extra sunscreen is always a good thing. Jane Iredale is completely hypoallergenic.
8282	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Butter London colors.  I have had chipping issues in the past with Butter London but now I use the Revlon gel base coat and that is no longer an issue.
3366	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	More bubblegum pink than expected, but still a nice, bright mod pink. I received compliments from my coworkers, too.
5932	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Butter London has once again met and exceeded all my expectations. This polish color is just as vibrant as it appears. Butter London's colors are always rich and beautiful in person. All what I really love about their nail polish is the fact that is doesn't have any of the horrible smells that many of the other brands have because they cut out those chemicals. The polish doesn't destroy the nail like many other products and is always easy to remove and applies smoothly and thickly. Two coats is perfect. If you haven't tried their polish before I highly recommend it!
4174	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like it. Will order again. My skin improved with PCA products. I am sure it is also a combination of my estethician work but I will stick with this line.
225	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my favorite colors. Even though it's not one of those iridescent colors that is made to change colors, it looks pink in some light a s coral in others. Not too baby pastel light, and not too dark.  Just right.
5008	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's slim and sharp, easy to hold and use.  I ordered the blonde color, but it really is a little dark.  I just apply it with a lighter hand.  I would buy again.

Cons:

5044	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have baby fine hair, oily scalp with dry ends.  have used this in the past with his oil treatment.  This shampoo feels very minty and really cleanses the hair without stripping it.  It works well, I just wish it did not cost so much.  I would try the small one first to make sure you like it.
6687	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't not work at all didn't get warm at all! Do not buy save your money and buy a NuMe wand instead!

6358	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for dry skin, hydrates VERY good

8693	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The first time I used it, I was confused by the consistency. Its not oily at all. Its practically watery. It is a lightweight and fast absorbing oil full of vitamin C, so it brightens as well as hydrates. It reduces scaliness and improves texture. Ive been using it for a about a week now, and combined with my Burt's Bees Soap Bark & Chamomile Deep Cleansing Cream, my skin is the best its been in recent memory. I put 4-5 drops onto the back of my hand, and apply it to my each evening before bed You can wear it under your regular moisturizer, too. Ive been using it under my Aveeno moisturizer, and they're a really nice combination together.
Toppik is now a must-have product for me so I started looking for a better bargain and found it here. I get almost more than twice the product for only a few $ more.
6884	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is amazing at clearing up acne. I dab some on before bedtime and in the morning the acne is gone or nearly gone. I was also happy to receive quite a few large samples of some other products by Mario Badescu. I was so impressed with the products, that I immediately ordered a few more. Highly recommend this brand.
The price was a little steep, but the three week trial kit this came in let me test drive it. I used each product in the trial kit as directed. After the three weeks had passed, my skin was clearing and managing the retinol very well! The brightness, tone and texture of my skin improved daily with very visible results! I decided to invest in all the full size versions of the products in the kit, and though it was pricey, it was completely worthwhile.
DRY: First I tried it after I finished drying my hair. I thouht it might be heavy and ruin my curls, so I let my curls form from drying first. But it made my hair dry and dull. I did not like the look or the feel.

5908	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nothing like butter LONDON nail lacquer.  I found that Rosie Lee did not work well with my salon gel manicure.
Marvis foams less than the big brands, yet leave your mouth feeling clean and refreshed. They have a a few choices in flavor, my favorites are the Jasmin Mint and Ginger Mint.
9758	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This moisturizer is pretty good, I am in love with the juicy fragrance. I don't usually put anything with a strong smell on my face but decided to at least give this product a try for a week. Even though it smells good I have not seen a huge change as opposed to my previous moisturizer.
The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.
5914	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Primrose Hill Picnic is an irresistible, luscious, vibrant pink that makes me feel happy when I look at it. Not quite neon, but close - with a perfect mellowed edge.
Chi Silk Infusion does a great job of protecting your hair from heat damage. If you use the correct amount, it will add shine, not be greasy and help to dry your hair faster than if you left your hair in its natural state.
Rest assured readers, if you are considering this product, BUY IT!  You will not be sorry.
It is really refreshing, goes on just like water mist, nothing else. A little fragrance maybe. Then it keeps your face moisturized for hours without messing up any make up.
8842	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing fresh, clean scent -- perfect for the office or bedroom.  The scent is not particularly mysterious or complicated.  It smells like rosemary and mint -- not sweet mint, more clean, fresh mint. I think the rosemary aroma is fairly strong.  So if you like the smell of rosemary, you'll like.  And if you don't like rosemary, I suggest you pass.  The glass jar is exquisite, a beautiful multidimensional green, and the burn is quite slow and clean, so I expect this will last a while.  I wish it came with some sort of lid to keep it covered between burns -- but that's my only complaint.  Expensive, but quite lovely and long-lasting.  The glass jar is gorgeous -- the picture doesn't at all do it justice -- it has beautiful shading and variations in the pattern.  I use the glass jar as a penholder -- it is exquisite.


1083	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The LOreal Dermablend Professional line of cosmetics is new to me.  They earn being in a higher-end category in my opinion. They do not seem to be scented or too chemical. The jars, tubes, compacts are made very sturdy to last along with your make-ups. I have many favorites among them, yet I believe they all stand very well on their own. Some two or more of these creamy products come with an application spatula, and this appears to be an optional extra.  Also, there is a little instruction leaflet included with every product.
4336	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells clean, works to keep my skin moist after washing and before applying moisturizer.  Good product.  A facial therapist introduced me to this line of skin care.  They know best, right?

This fragrance is truly delectable with a softly scented melange of fruit and musky vanillas that really smells delicious and not like a fruit cake that so often is the result of perfumers going on a sugar coated overload. The scent is almost an aphrodisiac, a meteor shower raining down the inky sky with fluorescent flavors. This is my favorite new fragrance along with Estee Lauder's Beyond Paradise and I wear it from morning after my shower until the stars spear the sky and I lull myself to sleep. It's breathtakingly beautiful and so fragrant that my nose might never get over it, no wonder this perfume is so hard to find!
8655	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite shampoo. Very mild. Cleanses and rinses well. Keeps my hair very healthy.

8465	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin and have a hard time finding the right cleansing or moisturizing products that don't irritate my fair complexion. A salesperson at my local cosmetic store recommended Mario Badescu's Kera Moisturizer and I've been happily using it for a couple of months. So, I decided to try the Seaweed Cleanser and see if that works too. It does!
4750	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I tried this and thought it was a great shampoo, but was pretty shocked by how expensive it was for so little shampoo.


8656	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Mario Badescu products are really good and this shampoo gives a good lather and leaves my hair feeling clean and shiny. I like it.
I think it smells okay, but unlike the other Baxter of California products I've tried, this one is heavily scented with a distinctly perfumy smell. It's not unpleasant, other than being overpowering, but it's a far cry from manly.
9601	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Feels great, nice scent
5929	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great neutral color.  I think it would look good on most skin tones. One in the set of Oprah's Favorite Things 2013.
I use it after cleansing (and applying my toner, etc) and it burns after application every time :(  In addition, I am not seeing any marked improvement in lightening my dark spots.
8897	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	perfect, ty
9882	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great

7534	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Although this is a small size jar, I want to start by saying a little goes a long way. It is a cream moisturizer, my skin can be stubborn but it didn't ball up on top or feel greasy. It is definitely best when used at night, I found it a bit too hydrating to go beneath my makeup but when I use it at night my skin is soft and ready by morning. With winter my cheeks had been extra dry so I've really enjoyed not having to worry about them being patchy. Also worth mentioning is that my skin is sensitive and it has not caused me any irritation. The one thing I wasn't fond of was the scent, it is floral and reminds me of old fashioned moisturizers. Overall it is a good hydrating cream that has been helpful with my dry winter skin and I plan to continue to use it.

I've purchased and used Phyto products before and a little goes a very long way. The extreme mask is my favorite. It made my hair soft, did not make it flat or greasy, and kept it looking shiny and healthy even after straightening. Great products.
3894	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best nail strengthener around!


3738	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	There are no words for this product...this is the best thing that has entered my life recently! Made a huge diff in my nails and I am telling you all...DO NOT buy regular nail files from the store, this is much smoother and you only file lightly going in one direction. Life saver/Nail Saver and I will always buy OPI crystal Nail file. It is daunting looking for a legit crystal/glass file but this is THEE ONE.
ISODODECANE
A true Swede, she is strawberry blond with very fair skin.  Spending the last 15 years in the heart of Texas, she must be cautious with exposure to the elements. This includes the harsh Texas sun as well as skin care products.  She has had difficulties in the past with peels but has has none with this product.
I use two "coats" of Chip-Skip (just to make sure that I covered each nail well) before I apply a base coat, and it is my experience that, when understood and used correctly,Chip-SKip does its job and helps retain the polish on your nails. It increases the length of time that my polish lasts.
But as an undercoat, it really did even my nails out and give a flawless base for color.  You can't go wrong with this.
4209	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This product burned my face. I mean literally burned my face. I thought it was because it was I purchased and used it in the winter time so I didn't try it again until this summer but I received the same results.  Will not use it again.
I have been putting this on for the past 3 days.  It WORKS.  I have seen  noticeable improvement in my fine lines and my skin feels younger & rejuvenated!  I'm really impressed and would highly recommend!
6531	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like it
1122	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Using it for years. Love it.
1677	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Go to polish
3025	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This moisturizer works really well for my super sensitive skin.  I'm allergic to fragrance and two preservatives and this formula contains none of these irritants.  It feels really soothing on the skin and sinks in quickly.  It doesn't leave a greasy residue and would be suitable for someone with combination skin like mine.  After several hours, I get a little oily in the T zone but this lotion doesn't make the oiliness more pronounced.  All in all, I'm satisfied with my purchase.  I only wish it came in a bigger tube.  However, it is concentrated so just a few dots around my face and on my neck is enough coverage.  I definitely recommend this product.
I wash my face twice a day and it feels super dry in the evenings. This has been the best face cream I've used yet. It's thicker than my usual moisturizer but also feels light weight when it's has absorbed. It's a white cream and a little goes a pretty long way. I touch my finger to the cream and can do my whole face then another touch for my neck. I do feel the need to let it absorb into my skin for at least five minutes before I lay down. I have really sensitive skin as most things 'burn' my face but I've been great with this. What a surprise!

1540	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a gorgeous color.  (Zoya colors always draw me in, though.)  It is maybe a touch darker than the product photo (but the photo definitely covers the metallic shimmer).
7325	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has very sensitive skin and mild rosacea, so he's constantly looking for skin care that will work for him. He really likes the face wash because he feels that his skin is thoroughly cleansed without stripping the nautral moisture and leaving his skin feeling dry and tight. On the occasions when he's had a goatee and needed to shave, he said that the cleanser seemed to condition the hair and made it easier to shave. This cleanser is non-scented and lathers nicely. He's also a fan of the moisturizer because it doesn't irritate is sensitive skin and it absorbs quickly without feeling greasy. He doesn't use the toner. For some reason it's the one step I just can't get him to do, but I do use it and I love it. I'm 39 years old with very sensitive skin and monthly hormonal breakouts. This toner clears my skin up an removes all traces of makeup leaving my skin feeling refreshed. My skin has not been irritated and I find the herbal mint scent to be subtle and pleasing to both sexes. We highly recommend this skin care set.
I have oily/combination skin, my mom has dry skin, and we were both impressed with this moisturizer.  I'm not ready to give up my magic argan oil for nighttime, but as easily as this absorbs, I could see it becoming my new favorite daytime moisturizer.
I will add that I received a few comments while wearing this that is smelled like an older woman's perfume. Not exactly the reaction I was looking for, but I still like it quite a lot.
9598	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this!
Get the color that best matches your hair color. You can use 2 different colors if you are looking for a special match, but I find the Dark Brown works just find for my typical dark brown hair.
Now I'm ready to cry... I used it only one time and six of my nails broke. My nail polish started chipping after one day of wear. It was chipping with upper part of my nails.
The pencil itself is very thin, which means that you have to use a special sharpener.  The sharpener is not attached at all to the pencil, so if you lose it, you are out of luck.  I don't like that feature.
3316	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this product although it does seem like the formulas have changed.
I have tested it for almost a month--a month in which I was under a lot of stress due to my husband's surgeries. I haven't slept well and am run down. So, if under these circumstances, I saw a slight improvement in my under-eye area, I imagine that under normal circumstances the improvement would have been greater.


2057	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Ok to be clear I have to point out that the seller was great! I received the product early and it was packaged securely. The issue I have with this polish it that it NEVER DRIES. I love essie but the formula on this one is aweful. The color is gorgeous but it goes on pretty sheer so it takes 3 coats just to get to what you see in the bottle. BUT even with one coat (I tried it out just to see if it'd dry that way) it'll smudge as soon as you touch anything. The better buy would be sinful colors endless blue!! The colors are identical and the formula's great!
4610	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Skin feel: This moisturizer feels cool and pleasant on the skin. While the label recommends using it in the morning and at night, I find it a little heavy to wear during the daytime, especially after applying a product with an spf on top (an important step of anyone's daytime skincare regimen). If you're looking for something to wear under your day cream, consider&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Juice-Beauty-Stem-Cellular-Repair-Moisturizer/dp/B004I14JCC/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Juice Beauty Stem Cellular Repair Moisturizer.</a>
2742	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This cream has a pleasant very light floral scent which you only smell when you apply it but then it's gone. I personally thought it smelled nice. 1 pump gives you plenty for around the eye area. The bottle is small but since you use such a small amount it lasts quite a while, I would say more than a months worth. It suggests to use on cleansed skin at morning and night, which I have been. It claims to re energize & moisturize along with fighting signs of aging.  It contains hyaluronic acid of natural origin, blue everlasting flower, blue agerate, and cocoa extract and also to help get rid of puffiness it contains botanical caffeine. I wasn't sure what the blue everlasting flower did and found out that it anti-inflammatory effects to help reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and blue agerate, another flower, with nourishing properties of glycerine.  In my opinion this product blends in easily and works nicely under make up. I use a liquid foundation and find that some under eye moisturizers do not blend well at all, this stuff however works great. I also feel like when I wash and dry my face, that after applying Nuxe Contour that it definitely makes my eyes appear brighter and moisturized and reduces the appearance of puffiness and fine lines.  However, I'm not sure yet if I'm convinced it is actually working to reduce the fine lines permanently or if it is just masking the appearance of them after it is applied. Either way, it does work great under make up and in my opinion temporarily reduces the fine lines. I'll need to try it longer to see the lasting effects it has. I do still think it's a great product, love the light floral scent and my skin tends to be sensitive and I haven't experienced and burning or tingling sensation that other's claimed to experience. I would say it's definitely worth a try.
5240	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is useful as it described.
After one week of using this product, I noticed my pores were definitely not as noticeable and my acne was greatly improving! I was still thinking there's no way this product is this great! I also noticed that my skin looked brighter and healthier as well.
8153	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all the Korres line, but this lip butter is THE BEST especially in the winter. It keeps my lips hydrated, plus it gives you a little bit of color so you don't have to use lipstick on those cold days. I've been purchasing this lip balm for years and Mango is my favorite, I have an olive complexion and the mango flavor shows up coral. It has a very luxurious feel to it. Will always continue to repurchase

523	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I followed the instructions and put a dab of it on the back of my hand to warm it and soften it, although I didn't have time getting dressed in the morning to wait for either of those things to happen and I bet most people won't either. It's easier to just dab it on your face and work from there. It is a little difficult to get out of the jar as it is not creamy. It's like hard butter. But once you start working it into your face, it spreads. These heavy makeups always leave a door open to clog pores, so getting it all off at night is equally important. My face feels a little greasy with it all on, but not excessively so.
1. It makes your hair smell bad, and also it doesnt create any curls, only gives volume, but then hair goes flat.
2059	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I would do without the glitter in the polish. It was a great color and amazing for summer. Great part of the summer collection.
9317	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this stuff.  I use it every morning, every night.  It's expensive, compare to other brands, but I honestly think it keeps me from having morning breath when I use it instead of other mouthwashes.  That's worth the price.  Am reordering.  I wasn't as impressed with the rest of the line.  I can do as well if not better with other whiteners.
7075	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was originally gifted this product and loved it so much that I bought it again when my original bottle was done. It's light, and doesn't make your hair feel gross or dirty. Although I mostly use it when my hair is wet, I have used a little bit on dry hair to give it more volume. It's not sticky, so it won't make your strands clump together either. It's at a great price point for the amount of product you get. It smells great, too, and reminds me of the beach!
9535	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Cleanser was tested by one of our kids who's going through his acne, oily skin phase of his life and, actually to HIS surprise it works quite well. He is using it at night, before bed and, after the first 10 days or so, his skin has improved or so he's telling me.
2784	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	hi guys, this is really great cream, it just take a smal bit----- dime size it foams up alot . i shave everyday . this size is good for six months. also so on youtube  there some guys that can show you how to get you blade to last -- your hand on the grip and push it down ward against some blue jeans cloth always down wards about 15-20times its just like they used in western days . second thing drop just the blade into soap ,water  use a spare cup . hi this is stainless steel no rust. .me one blade for one month. save your money and have a great shave
This compares favorably with the Aveeno lotion I have been using recently.
5277	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the way this sunscreen feels and smells! It doesn't break my face out like others do or feel heavy!

6681	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hot tools is my go to brand for curling irons- I have 5 in different sizes. I use this size iron (3/4) for my vintage inspired hair styles. If set properly, it really replicates the look of a wetset on my hair. Really wish these bad boys had an automatic shutoff after a certain amount of time, but it is still my favorite regardless. They last for years, and I've never had one malfunction on me (unlike other brands). A very happy addition to my hair styling arsenal.
9995	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin.  Over the years I have tried many different things to help.  This is the second order of Proraso Shaving Soap I have made and I do not anticipate changing.  The product lasts a very long time and does not have an overwhelming scent.  This was good for me as I also don't do well with perfumes or lotions that have smells.  This shaving soap has a clean scent but very faint.  The most important thing is that this soap has improved my skin tremendously.  I use this shaving soap and switched to a DE razor.  Although my skin hasn't been perfect it has been a tremendous amount better using this combination than anything else I have tried through the years.  I am very happy with this purchase.
2922	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This stuff smells awesome. My girlfriend loves it and the scent lasts all day. I also won't have to buy body wash for a long while.
8564	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very nice smell, nice feel, nice lathering on the skin, doesn't dry out the skin, I would buy it again.
1244	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this!! I have white gray hair, but with a pink scalp, this makes the pink less visible.  It stays on till you wash it off. its like powdered hair....really small though.
CI 61565 / GREEN 6
696	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have been using regenapure, which I like for its lack of sulfides. I don't think I will change. The peppermint scent is a little medicinal, which is enough for me not to come back. Still, my hair is very soft and silky after using this, so if you don't mind the scent, you may like it.
Third, it takes forever to dry. Even fast dry top coats that dry polishes can't properly dry this stuff.

The Cafe Brown color is about as expected.  The Olive Brown has more reddish tones and is probably a bit more reddish than expected.
6349	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My skin really likes this oil. I applied a few drops to my face and within a minute or two it was absorbed. After that I put on my regular night cream and my skin was happy and moisturized. The oil is a little thinner than I expected(messier) but otherwise I will continue to use it and update my review.
They are a bit on the narrow side, so it will take multiple clips per nail to do the job.  I don't mind this because I like to have more control over the curve, but it is something to be aware of, particularly if you've been using the more expensive, larger styles.

You'll enjoy this one!
6772	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it so much! It works on the acnes and pimples very fast. Fast dry and fast healed.
2232	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Very thin pads. Hard to separate. So so.
Truly no complaints about this stuff.


1937	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Too many coats have to be applied to get the color. I was disappointed when I had to keep reappling. Polish is very thin.
1386	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a 50 year old woman who is experiencing hair thinning in some areas on my scalp. I couldn't make a part before I used Toppik, It blends into your scalp and nobody knows that it's on. I highly recommend this. I tried the travel size first and was hooked. Try it you won't be sorry.
6623	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great value and multipurpose iron.  I have long hair and originally purchased a 1 1/2" size; however, the curl would quickly fall, so I decided to go with a 1".  Hands down best investment I made.  If I want looser curls, I finger brush through the curl when it is still warm.  For tighter curls, I pin the curl and allow to fully cool.
- This product is not super-moisturizing and may not yield the same results for those with very dry skin.
3273	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Item is as described and arrived promptly.

9586	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This brand is so smooth and light.  I like their gentle cleaner.  I like that this sunscreen does not give a fake tan color on a pale person. This brand has a wonderful gentle cleanser. You might try this product as well.



9500	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	After using the eye repair complex I decided to purchase the product.  I like the way it keeps around my eyes soft.
4464	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Vichy Purete Thermale 3-in-1 Cleanser is smooth, creamy, and gentle.  I use it with a facial brush and my skin feels softer than before washing! There is no tight feeling--my face just feels clean. I also use it on my throat and chest and hands--all the areas that show age :)
5944	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a pretty polish as all Butter colors are.  It's perfect is you're wanting a color that's dark with sparkles but don't want to do black.

9688	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very nice
8. LOREAL DERMABLEND QUICK-FIX CONCEALER STICK (SPF 30)

4635	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product. I have used it in place of my standard moisturizer and it more than does the job. It is a clear gel with bits of "green apple" in it. It has a pleasant fruity scent. It is a nice, light texture and absorbs quickly. I have been using this for 2 weeks and my skin has been clearer and smoother than normal and my pores seem to have shrunk. I will definitely purchase again!
That said, I really like. And I'm a price checker....this is a good price for a good cream, others at the makeup counter are much more expensive.  For example, I last tried an Estee Lauder heavy cream that was so heavily scented that it made my eyes tear up (why fragrance in moisturizer???).  This has no scent and has a bigger container that feels much nicer and the price was much less.  It's not cheap, but even drugstore brands are comparable in price for this. Have you priced Olay or ROC lately?  I'd never considered Vichy a bargain brand before but it is great and high quality.
My experience indicates that a moderate blade works best here, one that splits the difference between smoothness and sharpness. My go-to for the 39C is the Personna Lab Blue. The Wilkinson Sword worked great for the first pass, but was really prone to getting a bit too aggressive on subsequent passes. Of course, your results may vary.
1127	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this soap everyday and if I don't I can definitely tell the difference. Plus this bar will last a long time.  I love PCA products.
1929	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is so beautiful and perfect. Remind me of a vintage blue once you paint it on your nails. I loved how it was shipped fast and bubble wrapped. Will definitely order from them again!

2212	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	In a short period of time I have noticed that my skin tone is starting to even out and feels smooth.
My 11 year old used the Phytoelixir and she loved it too, the smell is awesome, she has longer hair and it made it shine but nor greasy.
His kids were impressed with the softness and smoothness of his shave and even let him kiss them since they didn't have to worry about scratchy stubble. I definitely benefited from his smooth shave.
1723	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for a soft pink look for everyday or special occasions.

268	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color
5800	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite, all-time lip tint. It is a stunning, sheer shade of red that literally looks wonderful on everyone. It's not sticky, waxy, and it doesn't feel like vaseline some other tinted balms I've had. It smells just like fresh, wet, garden roses and your lips are actually nicer at the end of the day after you wear it.
9537	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Leaves my face feeling so clean. You don't need a lot to make it sudsy either. I usually follow with the hydrating mist/toner. I have light brown skin (a black woman).
The two colors I have are both medium ones, one a bit lighter, and both appropriate for me, especially my indulgence of mixing other lighter or darker colored LOreal Dermablend Pro products with them.
9083	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this curling iron because it gets the job done....Just be careful not to burn your hair because it can get really hot.

2363	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Juicy, sweet, floral...these are first words that come to mind when I spray Lolita Lempicka on my wrist.  I tend toward fragrances that are floral or fruity, and Lolita Lempicka fits my profile.
Don't hesitate purchasing this body lotion. You and your skin will thank me for it.
2121	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	the violet is my fav flavor but this brand is the best!
8780	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best conditioner I have found. Conditions well and leaves hair manageable without weighing it down. Pleasant smelling.
6429	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	light conditioner that makes fine hair look healthy but won't weigh it down or make it look greasy. Highly recommend.
6194	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you have sensitive skin that dries out easily with cleansers, sun, make up, etc. this is the best cleanser to use. I can use this twice a day without an issue. I use on my eyes with a tissue or cotton ball to remove eye makeup, no problem. I love this cleanser!!
8123	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream deodorant works great for me ,the scent is nice not to strong and has lasted through the day even after a workout it still provided me with the protection I was hoping for I would order this again
976	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for almost two years and my skin has never been better.  Smoth and 99% acne free.
and now that i use this product, i just get out of the shower, put a bit in my hand while my hair is damp, and my hair seems to be getting healthier...
The wash: This comes in a nice, practical plastic pump bottle. I found I only needed a single pump or less to wash my face very thoroughly. What scent there is reminds me of the old PhisoHex product from many years ago. It is non-greasy or oily and left my skin clean and dry feeling; ready for the next step.
3285	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my second time ordering this lip balm only this time I bought 3.  I absolutely love the minty/tingling sensation and hydrates my lips! What's really amazing is that the merchant shipped the product to me fast!! It wasn't due to arrive until Wednesday but today (Tuesday) I was wishing that I had more of this lip balm in my tube because my lips were hurting bad! Then I heard the doorbell ring and there it was at my door step!! Now my lips feel better! I use this lip balm at night too before going to bed. It keeps my lips moisturized throughout the night! Thank you for shipping it out so fast!!!
These products arrive in a brown box, and I mention this for those who might be considering gifting a man in your life. On the one hand the brown box isn't too frou-frou --so no guy-shock. And yet on the other hand it's not exactly 'special' --so they may wonder about how much you like them.
6498	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'd been looking for a scented candle with some serious fragrance heft; a great throw to really add to my whole (small) house. This does the trick. It burns cleanly and has a clean, crisp scent. There are light floral overtones but "champagne" would not be far off. The candle comes in a hefty presentation box that I'd be proud to give as a gift for a shower or celebratory event.
2452	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best dandruff shampoo.  It does not dry out scalp.  It smells good.  It is worth the extra money as it really works and leaves the hair in good condition.
9222	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this drying lotion before and I really like it. If I catch a blemish early, it dries it up overnight; also, it I haved used it on mosquito bites and it took care of them.  I have really sensitive skin and cannot use a lot of products, however, have not had a problem with Mario Badescu drying lotion. I, also, bought a bottle for a friend.
Good product.
Towel dry wet hair after shampoo.  Comb through about a quarter size amount of gel.  (If you apply to wet hair the products dilute so wait
8364	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Mario Badescu products! I have combination skin and use this on particularly oily days. Very nice, gentle and a little goes a long way.
6004	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	it was a gift and there are no complaints
Usually I always start my shave by choosing products that I feel with experience would form my ultimate shave, humbly speaking I can assume the outcome of other products if they were to be chosen. Let's say another razor or a different type of brush. I am lucky that my choices today led me to a great shave and I wish it never ended :(
8403	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Its very rich and creamy. I like to use it on my neck area  very moisturizing. Would not use it on my face as I'm pretty sure an "acne party" would ensue. Little bit of a bummer because I wanted something ultra-moisturizing for my face for winter. But no biggie and at least my neck is happy :-) Oh and my boyfriend who has very no-fuss clear skin year-round sometimes uses it when hes too dry  he likes it and he is not a product guy at all so thats saying something. So I think people with non-fussy faces that are dry would love this; maybe I'll work up the courage to try on my face heehee
8575	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using Pevonia products for 20 years. Any time a try something else, for say savings or convenience, I regret it and return to the best match for my skin. Natural ingredients makes a difference.
3371	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really beautiful color.  This is my favorite brand of polish!  Love this one - and they are always coming out with new ones!
 Dermablend Pro Translucent Loose Setting Powder in my three separate medium shades (separate jars); when applied and then dusted off created light on dark or dark on light look as I so chose.

It is a very good cleanser and gets off even tough dirt (I am a landscaper, so I have tested this!).
995	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So, as I was searching the internet one night for a product to help my adult cystic acne, I came across these glycolic acid treatment pads. The reviews were great, and they were also supposed to help with fine lines and wrinkles! I was VERY skeptical for sure, but I was also desperate, so I ordered them.
465	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dermablend products are the bomb. They cover up scars, acne and discolorations or flaws on your face, but it doesn't feel heavy. If you want to use it as a sunscreen, you will need to apply every two hours. If you want to use as a foundation, you will need  to apply in layers and when done, use the powder to finish the look and set the look. You can also use lighter shades for highlighting and dark colors for contouring to get that perfect face This product has not caused any irritation to my skin and works extremely well. It also comes with a paddle so that you can apply in small amounts where needed.
8149	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I did not get a chance to buy it but if they have will buy it
8688	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the third Mario Badescu product I've used in the past six months and I absolutely love it! Since I have sensitive skin and rosacea it has been difficult to find cleansing and toning products that do not irritate my skin. The Rose Hips Oil has almost made the resistant rosacea on my right cheek go away.  I may even cancel the dermatologist appointment I have. Nothing else has worked but Mario Badescu's products. If I could give it 10 stars I would.
It works.
1883	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Product received promptly in a well cushioned envelope.  However quality of nail polish leads me to believe it is either extremely old or had been sitting for a long period of time in extreme temperatures.  Nail polish is extremely watery, not at all glossy even after 3 coats. It is not the quality I am used to when compared to other Essie nail polishes
************
As with all Billy Jealousy or Jack Black products, it's pricey. But also like these products, the price is mitigated a lot by the fact that you need so little of it with each use. So, although it's probably 2-3 times the cost of lesser brands, you use less, so the price, while still probably a bit more, is not as bad as you would think. Certainly, if you like specialty washes, give this a try.
According to dermatologist Dr. Macrene Alexiades-Armenakas, it all comes down to little molecules called micelles. "Micelles are nano-sized, single-layer fatty bubbles," explained Dr. Alexiades-Armenakas. "They are able to absorb other fats such as sebum and oils inside." Consider: though olive oil and balsamic vinegar separate from each other, two oils would blend together. So, by using a lipid to cleanse your skin, the oils on the surface join up and leave you squeaky-clean. (PopBeauty Sugar)
You absolutely do need to warm it.  It is almost like a thick paste.  I can see using this to cover tattoos or something similar - the coverage is high.  However, as someone who does have a few fine lines, it wasn't ideal, because the waxy texture of the paste means that when it's actually on your face it does settle in to the lines and create makeup creases.  I might try mixing it with a light BB cream to get a more transparent coverage.
5963	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	See description above. The London Butter nail lacquer that I purchased from their company is 100% fantastic!!  But, the London Butter nail lacquer that I purchased  from Shop Adorn was disgusting!!

INGREDIENTS
3550	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It smells pleasant and works. Sometimes I leave it on my face for 10-15 minutes and take it off, like a mask. Leaves my face very clean. Does not work on blackheads though.
- Leaves skin feeling refreshed and supple
1152	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I think it is great stuff
3408	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE OPI!
This is a woody, green, herbal fragrance that is manly and fresh without being overtly sexy. In the initial spray, basil leads but quickly fades back to being an almost undetectable middle tone that says "herbal" really more than "Basil". After the dry down, which does not take long, the mandarin is an invigorating top note, while lavender lies just underneath. The base notes of sandalwood with just a tad of vetiver give it a woodsy, earthy fragrance and deep masculinity. Its probably got other notes, these are just the ones that I can distinctly detect. Also, note that in some people, after the dry down, the notes can vary in their lead, so it might seem more floral and sweet on some, if the lavender leads the fragrance on them. For me, and the two guys in my family, the mandarin is predominant.

9356	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It works! I have older skin that still breaks out. This is part of my non toxic clear skin arsenal.
Recommend usage with any of the liquid or foundations of Dermablend  coverage products.
573	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	okay this is almost clay like to work with. Has a spatula to scrap it off with.  But if you are like me and have a scar or mark on your face to cover this is AMAZING.  I have an inch wide scar under my left eye. This covers it with a very little of the product. Does not feel heavy, or greasy. I don't feel like I am wearing a mask.  I have never had a foundation that covers so nicely with just one application.  I love it. Will be using this daily.
3575	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is a life saver. I have crazy acne prone skin and the buffering lotion worked to dry up the majority of my pimples! I use the buffering lotion and La Roche- Posay Effaclar line to manage and prevent any breakouts.
7446	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great cleaner you can use every day. Make my skin very soft.
7. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL LEG AND BODY MAKE-UP (SPF25):
6088	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am 55 and have sensitive skin, but I was told I needed to do more facial care to improve the health of my skin. I have used this daily with an exfoliation scrub brush on my face and arms. My skin glows and feels fantastic. It takes sunblock off very well. I like the smell, and I do not like perfume in any soap.  The brush is lumaRX
aloe vera
1573	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This review is for "Ki," a purple/green duochrome.
Edit.  Zoya took a  really long time to ship out my stuff.  My Gemma manicure lasted 10 days with only minimal edge wear (which only I could see; people talking to me couldn't tell).  I was bored with the color, so I went to Ulta and bought "Sarah" (a metallic red) and did that with Orly's "Top 2 Bottom" base/top coat.  So far this has lasted 5 days and is not showing wear.
2007	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Pretty color . Great for summer on toes. I love Essie polish. It wears well and a long time. 


3498	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is so so pretty. I don't tend to like purples on my nails, however this makes me change my mind. Gorgeous color and the formuler is great!
Even though I didn't know there was a process to using the cream, I had to assume I wouldn't have seen any further improvement with the first 1/2 jar, and just chalked it up to live and learn! I've tried many creams and lotions... I have no problems with them as long as they smell good and absorb well - in other words they don't just sit on top of my skin if they're supposed to soak in with their special "nanosphooses" or "hydrofloofers". If I'm paying more than drug store price for some newly discovered chemical complex or supposed stem cell therapy, I want to "SEE" a pleasant difference, as well as feel a nice difference!
2765	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair has been feeling quite porous and fragile after a series of dye experiments so I really needed a product like this. I spray this all over on my damp hair and comb it through, then style. Unexpectedly, this makes my hair very straight without the aid of a straightener (I have naturally wavy hair). After a couple of weeks, I feel my hair is regaining some of its strength and some of my problem areas (rubbery hair) are not so noticeable. I do not use this in conjunction with any other Chi products, just my own favorite shampoos and conditioners. I use other products to give my hair shine and for anti-frizz.
1832	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect pink! This nail polish also doesn't seem to dry out as fast as others.

6. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL QUICK-FIX BODY (NO SPF):
8776	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Makes my skin feel so soft and hydrated. It's seriously amazing!
I have been using LOreal products since the 1980s when my best friend was wearing a frosted lipstick I liked and I later sought out.  It smelled good too. It was a truer color in my eyes, since many comparable brands were putting red tinges into the light pinks and such.  Also, some of the LOreal colors of lipsticks and eyeshadows were pearly, and I liked them because they looked very ethereal, as with the pink-violet lipstick that changed colors depending on the light.
3876	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used the original nail envy on and off for a couple years, and this stuff is just as amazing, but offers a pretty, light pink color to boot! I will purchase this again! I get compliments on my nails all the time when I consistently use this product. I haven't found anything that works better! My nails are stronger, longer and chip / peel / break significantly less.
Perfect shave. I started off with a 1 to quickly knock off some hair, and it was easily the most gentle DE shave I've ever had. Lovely. Higher settings go as high as I ever want to go, as my favorite Feather blades are plenty sharp as always.
Wear is pretty much all day, even in humid weather, although it does come off it there is a lot of sweating involved and might need to be reapplied in certain situations.  Setting with powder helps a little bit but in really hot sweaty weather, that might not help.
It also does contain the tiniest amount of sparkle, but it is not in any way "glittery". (Glitter isn't something I want on my 60+ skin.)
I do like the scent, but my internet travels indicate that savvy shoppers may want to shop around a bit, perhaps sample StarWalker, and, as always, check out prices.

I'm not sure why people are saying it is fake, but maybe if it was a problem, it's been resolved.

**Update 1/15/16:  I've gone on to purchase this item as I find that my complexion looks noticeably better when I use this product.  Twice per week gives my skin a nice healthy glow, evens out my skin tone and eliminates dullness and dry patches.  I'm modifying my star rating as this has become a 5 Star product for me - I love it!**

3129	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works well
2104	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	DJ Play That Song is a semi-neon purple color with red undertones. I say semi because it's not a blazing neon. It can be worn to work. It looks just like it is pictured in the bottle - pinkish purple. I tried to take pics after applying but my camera wouldn't capture the real color. I tried in sun/shade/indoors/lights.. but didn't work. The color is really pretty to naked eye.
The toner is non-astringent and has a nice minty clean smell. The moisturizer is also unscented. It absorbs well and doesn't leave any greasy feeling. The plan packaging would appeal to guys wanting to follow a skin care regimen.
7521	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works well on your skin and doesn't dry it out or leave a residue.  It works especially well for anybody of any age who suffers from any degree of acne, whether it is a severe case of adolescent outbreak or adult acne that involves the rare breakout.  This one has worked well in the past and continues to do so.
Lightly vanilla scented but it does not linger. It is pleasant to use and the results are excellent.
3508	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful!
6413	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good
I am in my late 30s, I have combination skin, I have super dry skin around my eyes, oily around my nose, and the rest of my face changes moisture levels frequently.  I still get acne, I have gigantic pores and am prone to blackheads.  My skin is also extremely sensitive.  I can't handle harsh cleansers or heavy fragrances, and certain chemicals - my face gets red, it feels hot, and I can't stand my own skin.
Recommendation: Go much, much lighter than you think you need to with this Dermablend Cover Cream.
It comes with a spatula, but instead I moistened my fingertips and applied it as I would my normal foundation. I was quite surprised and impressed by the coverage as I blended it. Since it comes hardened in the jar it was not as easy to apply as a liquid is, but warming it with the fingers seemed to help the spread. I dotted it and blended on my brown spots and it didn't seem to cake but looked fairly natural. I was very pleased with the outcome.
9076	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best curling iron I have used-- wouldn't go back to any other! I like that the tip is covered so less chance of burning myself and the cord is super long.
I only use this on my arms/body because it contains chemical sunscreens (in the past, I have had some sensitivity reactions to chemical sunscreens so on the off chance that I am going to get a rash, I'd prefer not to have it on my face...).  You can see the full ingredients list, including the names of the chemical sunscreens and their weight percentages in the overall formula, if you scroll midway down the product page.  For the record, after using this for about a week on my arms, I am NOT having any kind of negative reaction.
The first time I bought it was from a salon and I was a fan from the start.  For the first time ever, I finally found a nail strengthener that really works for me and, best of all, STAYS ON!  I simply apply two coats of the Nail Envy, follow that with 1-2 coats of my nail laquer color of choice, and then top it with either a second coat of clear Nail Envy or OPI Top Coat.  It makes my nails stronger and longer then they've ever been, plus I can count on it to stay for 6-8 days before needing to strip off the layers and start over.
6198	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best moisturizer I have ever used.  Skin looks softer and smoother and younger and brighter :-)
If I use a sponge applicator it will ruin one purpose of it for me which is to cover varying imperfections; and when I apply it with smoothing dabs it appears blended, and I really find out how radiant and thorough a cover cream make-up can be.  It has alone a bit of chroma to it, as does Dermablend Pro Smooth Liquid Camo Medium Cover Foundation (25 SPF),  in my opinion, unlike many other cover products I have used. Alone, they gleam in the light more than my other cover make-ups, without chalkiness.  Very nice.
5258	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It improves tightness AND thickens the appearance of the neck and delicate chest skin. Definitely gives your neck and chest a more youthful  appearance. Love this stuff!  Will def continue use!


6005	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great prod


7955	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great price, fast shipping!
* Thick, Velvety Texture
9990	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.
This is definitely a staple product.


Watch all the mantic59 videos on YouTube

8176	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product since 1995 and am very satisfied with its non-greasy feel and the SPF factor.

TONER ($18 individually):  Nothing special.  It's a decent astringent, but nothing other than the color and a slight fragrance, there is nothing distinguishing about the toner.  Essentially, it's water, witch hazel, and some color and fragrance.  Not worth the price of $18 for the separate item.  Three Stars.
 It is a bit pricey, however.
3341	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	looks great
4320	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The main problem I have with almost any lip gloss when compared to a balm is that the glosses provide immediate moisture and sheen but eventually dry out the lips. This Baxter Hydro Lip Balm doesn't do that. It provides enough hydration that you can use it during the day or as a bedtime product. I like it a lot.
So what does this mean for you?  Well, in my opinion the Vichy brand preformed very well against a drugstore day cream and a luxe night cream.  If you are on a budget, Vichy offers luxury perks at a price comparable to many drugstore brands.
Face, arms or legs (they offer another type of Demablend for arms and legs, actually), it is very reliable and never runs or cakes. The only important thing you need to know is that there is a setting powder Dermablend offers which keeps this foundation in place and is the final touch to this excellent makeup! Great stuff!
This was perfect for everyday use, for the office, for meetings with vendors and executives, and even the occasional night out. Good casual product for the stylish gentleman.
Ive been feeling a bit like a chemist with the many LOreal Dermablend Pro products listed here. And I realize you may not have this type of a menu, but I am hoping this info will help somehow to see the flexibility here if not anything else.
6635	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good product
2421	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used a different skin care line for years, and recently tried just the hydroplane shave cream, and now I use the full Billy Jealousy line. Trust me, this is great stuff. I have super sensitive skin, and after I shave- no nicks,cuts, or irritation. If it works for me, I'm sure it would probably work for you.
Also, I believe this polish was intended to be a topper, or an added dimension to an under coat of color, either holgraphic/opaque glimmer, or cream color.  If used on top of a pale pink, and topped with a gloss, the effect is girly to the max,,, also, depends on how many coats one uses.  top a red and you'll get more gold...  If used alone, over a standard base coat, try building up till the color intensity suits your look.  this could be three or four. While matte looks are a statement, the rougness makes using it that way less appealing.  This polish 'looks' like it would be glossy, but it's not, not by itself.  This can happen with almost any of the polishes that have actual glitter in them.
In terms of usability, it does have a unique scent - an almost clinical one which isn't really medicinal, but has the smell of chemicals or unusual flowers with a not entirely pleasant smell. The scent is better than some overly perfume-like lotions, but it still isn't great. The texture is thick and creamy and it spreads well, though it does initially leave a bit of a tacky feeling, but absorbs after about 15 minutes and no longer feels tacky. It's an effective lotion and you can use it in smaller amounts so the higher price tag isn't such a big deal, but it still is a factor in considering the product's value if you need to use it on more of your body than just your hands.
It goes on strong, but after about an hour, it sinks into your skin more and just gives off a soft, sultry scent.
9380	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it
As for face... This or any one other product won't replace an aesthetician because a great aesthetician will vary her treatments. Mine deals with a variety of peels at different strengths, natural products, and once in a while we do microdermabrasion. Plus massaging for oxygen flow and firmness, and so on. I learn so much from her. She can see what's hormone versus diet, stress, rosacea, what to watch out for. I went from acne to clear over time with her.
* Non-Greasy
9651	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	COLOR IS OK., BUT ABSOLUTELY NO LIP PLUMPER! DOESNT STAY ON THAT LONG EEITHER
2775	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	its good, but i find i don't need it to have a great shave.use your money on great cream like ART OF SHAVE , and a SILVER TIP BRUSH

As a toner (used after washing my face), this works very well, and didn't agitate or cause my skin to break out.  What I liked about this as a toner is that it didn't make my skin feel tight and dried out, but instead felt a little tingly and made my skin feel very clean.  I really enjoyed this clean feeling, and for that, it's worth trying out.  I'm not totally sold on purchasing this in the future - there are other products that are comparable in effectiveness and price, and while it works well as a toner, I expected more of it since it's touted as a 3-in-1 one step product.  While this didn't work perfectly for me, it may be great for someone else, and is worth a try.
50	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this.  Will never be without.
5743	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Definitely the same quality as the Hard Water but with a bit less hold.
  1. DERMABLEND COVER CR&Egrave;ME WITH TITANIUM DIOXIDE SUNSCREEN (30SPF):
7760	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first product I have used that has not caused my face to break out in blackheads and whiteheads, making my skin feel like sandpaper!  My skin is smooth and clear.  I am thrilled!!!
Pros:

2709	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome Product -- been using it for years
2557	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I received a sample as a gift and I've been buying this dry oil via Amazon ever since.  My skin feels and looks amazing (43 years old), and given that I have sensitive skin and it has never caused a blemish, I highly recommend it. I use it every morning along with the Nuxe Creme Fraiche. The oil is dry and it smells like roses.  I've been using this now for two years. In the winter months when my skin gets even more dry from electric heat, I will sometimes pat a bit on my face.  Totally freshens me up.
6180	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just starting to use this following the Mario Badescu Glycolic cleanser. No irritation after a couple of uses and feels great on middle aged skin,
3500	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great nail polish, one of my favourite classic colors, but delivery to CA took about 3 weeks!

I appreciate the fact that I am putting something on my face with ingredients that I can pronounce and know what they are. I've always been iffy on the pharmaceutical skin care products wondering just how much of that is getting into my system and what it's doing there.
Perhaps the only suggestion to make is a redesign of the bottle. It needs a funnel of some sort to get the cleanser out easier. Otherwise, love this product!

4333	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Made me break out sooooo badly. This is not for acne prone skin. Everywhere I sprayed I had huge pimples the next day. I gave it to a friend and she gave it back saying it broke her out terribly. She doesn't even have acne prone skin like me! Something in this must be very pore clogging or irritating. To be honest even if it didn't break me out I would have given it away because it's very sticky and left me with a major sheen on my face that I had to rinse off. Even though I rinsed it off after I sprayed it on, I still broke out like crazy... Think about that. I would patch test this if you buy it, and only buy it if you have very dry skin or plan to use it in the winter.

I have red tones in my hair and red is notorious for fading very quickly, but this definitely extends the vibrancy of my color.
So happy after all the time & money I've spent on hunting for a long wearing, sweat proof, full coverage foundation,
I have sensitive skin and get razor burn and until I tried the Billy Jealousy line I dreaded shaving, but this works wonders for me.

8922	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for a year and I still love it.  I originally bought it on a cruise and my acne doesn't come back and my skin looks so healthy that people made comments after I lost 40 pounds and a lot of it showed in my face.  I look healthy they say... That's so cool.  I believe in this product and will continue to use it.
5239	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Product delivered expediently and obtained at a reasonable price.
4156	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product and half the price on amazon vs. Sally beauty supply.
386	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dermablend is fanastic for cover up, it takes care of some really stubborn problems. I've used it for bruises on my knees and acne scars on my face. If you're in between shades like I am, it's really easy to blend these together and you really only need a tiny bit, it goes a long way. The easiest application for me has been with sponges, not brushes unless you're working on a really tiny spot. I use this for overall face coverage and my beauty blender works great with it. Highly recommend if you need something reliable and are willing to spend the dough.
One must shake the unit before applying.  Draws a clean, not artificial looking line, and holds throughout the day.  Removes easily with my Clinique Take the Day Off.
4847	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is a minor miracle worker. I'm only sorry I didn't discover it years ago. I have dark, fine, straight hair and I absolutely cannot be seen in public without my hair being being freshly washed. I've colored my hair to cover some early grey over the last few years, but in the last few months, the grey is popping through much more quickly. I've been told it's because I wash my hair every day, so I went looking for dry shampoo alternatives. I thought about getting the Bumble and Bumble product because I like their shampoo, but the reviews are awful on that one. I'm so thrilled I discovered this Oscar Blandi product. It is amazing.


7897	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is great. I have a frontal incline of my hairline and this product helps cover it up perfectly. Can't tell at all i have this in my hair and thats the way i like it. Highly recommend

 It comes in a generously sized bottle so you can enjoy the fragrance for awhile.
4279	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love these towels, they work wonders. I really like the color I get from the towels. they are super easy to apply and don't stain your clothes or sheets. this purchase is also a great value.
5527	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This might work well for others, but this brand made my scalp incredibly irritated.  Also, the color has a greenish tinge, which was NOT the look I was going for.  Nanogen and Cobuki have worked better for me.
8605	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Not authentic! Does not work like the real ones! Piece of junk
7820	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	" wonder how you ever lived without it" you will be wondering a lot, it's big... if you see the picture and think too expensive (ok it is expensive), but it is also perfect and it will last because of the amount you will use, I've had mine for 4 days now and my lips are better i use it along with palmers lip balm ( check it out too) and you can't go wrong. Already ordered a limited edition set in red velvet that comes with the lip slip from Sara happ as well and I know I will be buying this forever. Recommend 100%

Overall, I'm not sure this tiny product is worth the high price when you could get other brands like Bare minerals or Laura Mercier etc.

2677	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Mine came in the box I'm used to.  It has the logo.  It smells just like my old bottle.  It is Eau De Toilette so it smells a bit different out of the bottle than the perfume sample I have , but that's to be expected.  Within a few seconds they are the same.
1429	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very good cleanser!  Gentle but thorough.
487	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is a bit darker than I thought it would be but it's an awesome light weight full coverage foundation.  I like that it is more of a foam than a cream... The cream they have can be a bit heavy...this is a bit more light weight.  Overall only need one application.  Great coverage.
4607	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am not normally a buyer of a lot of different face products.  I try to cleanse well and make sure I moisturize and use sunscreen, which I normally prefer as part of my moisturizing routine.  I have started using this but really only at night since I don't want to add sunscreen on top of this for day wear and am happy with my normal product.  This is pleasant, and light.  Actually, a bit lighter than I would expect, I expected something a little thicker.  The smell I expected to be more apple like but it was more of a citrus scent, but nice, nonetheless.  I would say this has done a nice job on my skin making it feel soft and may have eased a few fine lines but I don't know that I feel it is worth the price that is charged.  It might also work even better with their other products but I am not looking for a cleanser, and serum AND a moisturizer (thanks, I have other hobbies besides my face....).  I will definitely use this up and it should last a while, but overall, it was a nice product, glad I tried it, but I don't think for me that I will use instead of my tried and true.

3251	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was in Nordstroms when they were having a Jack Black products promotion. I bought a bunch of great stuff but the lip balm was easily the best in the bunch. It has a pleasant minty taste. It's not greasy or oily and actually makes your lips feel better in no time at all. I used to use couple of other products but retired them to my night stand, keeping this product in my pocket exclusively.  The only glitch (and the reason for only 4 stars on a 5 star product) was the weak plastic tube packaging. My tube cracked and leaked in my pocket. I had to use scotch tape to repair and get the last bit out of the tube. Aside from that, this is a great lip balm that works better than anything else I have tried.
877	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this La Roche-Posay spray better than the Evian version. It's supposed to be as effective as a toner for the skin and it does feel as though it does more than hydrate as it contains Selenium, an antioxidant.

[I will update this review if I notice anything regarding the wear and tear of the nail polish.]
806	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i put this on my face before i go out is good for winter and summer.thank you,sofia
The scent is both subtle and pleasant (to me).  It has no overpowering perfume to it like some facial cleansers.  In short - it's just nice.
9373	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like Juice products because of their ingredients and this doesn't disappoint. I am using this all over my face to prevent breakouts and it doesn't irritate or make my skin red.  Great combination of salicylic acid and other products to be effective.

3680	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Absolutely wonderful. So far I have not gotten one Baxter product I did not think was simply excellent and at a fair price. Something I like about this one is a little bit of it goes a long way and does the job always leaving you feeling fresh.

This is not the most moisturizing lip product I've ever used.  Once the tingling stopped, I found the moisture level to be OK but not exceptional.  I think this has reasonable staying power, although a little bit does rub off on the white mug from which I drink tea.

I used it the other night to remove makeup and Urban Decay's 24/7 Eyeliner, I went to the Madonna concert and wanted a certain look, and it worked like a charm. I thought it was going to burn my eyes because it took several wipes to remove the eyeliner but it didn't. Also, it didn't coat my contact lenses with oil, which makes them temporarily blurry, like I sometimes get with baby oil, so that's a plus.
I'm really not sure why this brush works so much better for me.  Is it the squarish shape of the barrel that does it or is it the "Natural Ion Complex" that the bristles are supposed to be infused with that allows the brush to glide?  All I know is that it takes me less than half the time to dry my hair now and the finish is much smoother.  Highly recommended.
It was to my great dismay then to receive this product and realize that the color was totally off. Everything looked promising when the package arrived. The swatch on the outside of the box was a pretty close match to my skin tone. Then I opened it and was shocked to see just how much darker the real product was.
My first experience with Baxters was through Amazon Vine almost a year ago. I've been buying them since.

667	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love all the PCA products I have purchased!  I can see a difference within a few weeks of starting to use it.  The prices seem to have gone up on some products since my last purchase.  A bit pricey.
2639	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I've been so tempted to buy this here. What's not to love? The spaceship bottle is awesome and the price is right. Thankfully, I managed to find a sample first.
I like it, it works well, doesn't burn or irritate, and lasts a long time.
My thoughts:  I'm happy with this product; it works well for my Normal-type skin.  I don't notice any burning, tingling or redness.  When I rinse the product off my skin feels really smooth and soft, though it does feel a little "tight".  I use the product in the evening and follow it up with my night cream, so dryness isn't an issue.  Immediately after using the product my skin appears brighter and more even-toned, though whether or not there are any long-term benefits remains to be seen.  I wouldn't expect to see a huge change in hyperpigmentation issues (the dreaded `age spot'!), as I think you'll need a prescription strength product (or laser treatment) to really eradicate those.
I would recommend this product if you want a nice feel for you skin but as for price it is too much for such a little quantity.

59	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Was bought for a gift.  Recipient was thrilled.
5611	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It works well for the most part.  A little powdery looking at times.
7158	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a guy, and I love this stuff. Bonus points for being able to use it as a shampoo and body wash. It really makes you feel awake and refreshed when you use it, like a fresh pine forest - but not a gross taxi cab air freshener. After all, this is Philip B; it's legit. Amazon has the best prices too, so no need to keep shopping. Big bottle will last you a while too.
7330	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Baxter of California skin set worked well for my man, who has medium oily skin and we're currently in the midst of a very dry winter: he liked the face wash, it was minty and smooth and left a good feel.  The lotion was also good, but he said it was weird that it came in a tube: he would prefer a pump or cap top...toner was nice, removed extra oil and left the face feeling fresh albeit a bit dry (you apply the lotion after the toner).  All in all, this skin set worked well, is reasonably priced - probably under normal conditions he'd only use the face wash, and possibly lotion.  When it's hot and/or his skin is feeling oily, add in the toner with lotion use after: would recommend!  Later edit: I tried the face wash myself and it worked well on my more sensitive skin, :).

Apply on a freshly washed face.  Don't shake the bottle. Just dip a Qtip up to the pink portion.  Just dab on the pimple/blemish.
Not only can I spot- apply this creamier-liquidy product to cover the face and problem areas with my fingers, I can also use a sponge blender for a more airbrushed look, then applying more product wherever as needed. I also can add a finishing touch of the Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray for a fresh stay; with or without powders. Win-Win-Win.
1240	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So glad I found this. Now that I have gone gray I don't have to worry about my pink scalp showing. After styling my hair, I shake it lightly on exposed scalp areas and it stays there until I wash it out. Easy to use and I've been using the same small bottle since July. Bought a second for my travel bag. Totally recommend this product.

3221	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Others have elaborated so I won't repeat the obvious.  However, having spent lots of money trying every brand at just about every cost, this is simply the best currently available.  I was using JB Beard Lube.  Got this in a JB gift set.  Wow, what a difference.  Beard Lube is now relegated for "personal" grooming.  I prefer the smaller tube of this JB sells as its easier to dispense a small amount.  A little goes a long, long way.  I'm talking you only need a dab rubbed between hands to cover your whole face with a rich, smooth layer of shaving goodness.  Highly recommended!
5177	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Not a huge fan.  I don't like the smell of this cream.  It is rich and works OK, but I prefer other products that I currently have/use.  This one I used on really dry skin and it kinda burned.  I will not use it again.
5836	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used this as an undercoat to one of their polishes the other day, and I was really impressed with the finish it left as a base coat.  The color is so neutral and nice that you could actually just do this with a clear top coat to let your natural nails stand out a bit.
The scent and taste are fine for a man or woman, but the performance is weak. I would never trust this stuff in the winter months with really dry or chapped lips - it will never get the job done.
6028	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Highly recommended
1994	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Essie's The Lace Is On is a beautiful color and has become one of my favorites. Nice cross between purple and magenta with some shimmer (but not glitter) that adds depth to it. Sophisticated color suitable for all ages.
The mineral characteristics are: bicocarbonite,calcium.siilicates,selenium,zinc,cuivre,

First off, I'm kind of confused about what can and cannot be labeled organic but they did put that label on most most of their ingredients.  Organic or not, none of their ingredients seem too offensive (unless, of course, you're allergic to them).
1167	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love PCA and this is the only product that I am not 100% excited about.
7460	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I liked it but its not HG. I like that its glycerin based which is different. I don't really like the feel of it on my lips or skin kind of a waxy silicone feel. But it does moisturize well. Overall consensus is that it's way too expensive in America and therefore even though I put I would repurchase, I would only do so for the original price. Oh yes and the smell disappears quickly as stated.
7941	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	it made my father's hair look great, too bad it can't stay there forever.

9733	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  It really helps hold moisture in your skin
1266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I gave it a 4 star because it seems to have a slightly different formula compared to prior, meaning, it seems a little more sticky.




2275	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like the BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA BERGAMOT AND PEAR BODY WASH.  Someone claimed the scent smells exactly like those Japanese scented erasers that are made for children and I agree.
I'll certainly make him continue this routine and insist that he use it until it's gone but I'm not sure if that will change the results any. For now I'm not majorly impressed. I think for the price I could find him something at the drug store that would work the same if not better for a fraction of the price. I myself use a mask that's approximately $10 more with way better results. That brand also has a line for men and if I really pushed the matter I would purchase that for my husband.
6121	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like sex for your eyes! It feels so amazing! I have dryer under eyes and after a night with this cream I'll never go to sleep without it!
2. Rinses clean, without residue
The blades are incredibly sharp.  I remember when I got my first set of "real" kitchen knives from Henckel after using the cheap kind for years.  The new knives were so sharp it took me a while before I wasn't accidentally cutting myself here and there.  I just wasn't used to having to be careful with them.  This clipper is *that* sharp.




3619	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	First of all, I had to get past the horrible, chemical, plastic smell to even try the product...I was barely able to do it! It stinks like Aqua Net and/or other cheap drug store hair sprays. This did not add any volume whatsoever to my hair. In fact, it seemed to weigh it down AND I was stuck with that stench until I washed my hair. For me, this product is garbage...which is where it went after one use.
9809	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	excellent
2302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really works...helps getting polish off easier.
Update: it's almost four years since I wrote the review, and the curling iron is still going strong! I carry the extra spring in my suitcase, and haven't needed it as of yet. Oh, and my husband got me an auto shutoff device that I plug into an outlet, and the curling iron into this widget, and so now I have auto shutoff! (except when travelling) Curling iron has been left on MANY times for up to 12 hours, and it still works. Amazing.
4126	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Spray applicator only fits on Regular size and Economy size.....will NOT fit on 1.94 oz. bottle size
6560	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best product I have used. I highly recommend to any lady that wants smooth skin. Great for me. I am 75 yrs young.
6226	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this RS2 Care Cream for years and I love it!!!  I have tried other creams recommended to me but always come back to this.  It really helps with my rosacea (even though I have a light case of it) and keeps my skin very comfortable. It is a light, cream, not heavy at all, and I love the rosy scent. I plan to use this until product forever.
So, I was nearing the end of the jar, and I began to notice that my forehead lines were softening and my laugh lines were also not as noticeable as before. I was officially sold on this product! Not only had it basically cleared up my skin (aside from a hormonal related pimple here and there near my cycle), but my skin also appeared so much more youthful!
5477	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband gives this shaving cream 5 stars! He typically uses a Gillette brand cream, but he prefers this one now. The razor glides along his face and doesn't "pull" the hairs like usual, giving him a gentle shave. He uses Gillette Fusion 5 blades.
272	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Color is a tad darker than I expected, but still nice a bright.  Glides on easily and doesn't chip excessively.
9686	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff. It's smells like spiced baby powder but in a good way. I love this stuff. Lighter than the others and makes my hands so soft but not in a greasy way.
30	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Boyfriend loved it. I love it. He smells great. Can't keep my hands off him.


9417	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great if you like a more natural makeup look.  It will make your lashes separate and be more defined and of course darker, but it does not give you the heavy, caked on look.  With just one coat you barley look like you have any on which is great for those days when makeup is kept to a minimum.  For other days, just apply another coat.
I do believe the container is smaller than expected, but for this great results, I figured there is no need to apply too much product on your face. It covers pretty well and then you can smooth and finish with powder.

4976	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When it comes to skincare, women have been light years ahead of men.  That's changing, I think, judging from my son who wants to literally put his best face forward.  It's good to know that there are quality products like those from Baxter of California to support that change.  In a word, this set is the bomb.  The cleanser is strong enough to cut through a workout's worth of sweat without being irritating (even to someone with sensitive skin), the toner has a fresh, but not overpowering minty scent and again, doesn't cause redness or feel like it's stripping the skin of a layer of good stuff like other toners do. And the moisturizer is fabulous, thick effective but it doesn't feel like you have stuff on your face when you use it.  This is not a cheap set, but it's a great one.  And this stuff lasts, even with daily use,
2140	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	3c/4a coily curls.
4526	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Makes your face feels like your skin is getting really tight, but i'm not sure how much it actually is doing for your skin. Overall, I like it.
This curling iron is nice, except for the problem I wrote about above, and it does not burn my hair or smell bad even at the highest setting. Maybe it would work for others.
1156	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Quick to ship, the item was received as described. Love this product! Will buy from again in the future. Thank you for a smooth transaction.
5252	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I saw no improvement which was a big disappointment....it is a little tacky to put on but I wish I had improvement..hope others do since I know everyone is different when it comes to topicals
But nevertheless, this product rocks! Go for it!

8518	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Mario Badescu fan for a long time.  Several years ago I entered all the magical things I was looking for in a facial cleanser, again and again Mario Badescu kept popping up.  Since then I keep coming back to Mario Badescu when I need results.

If I apply this after my normal cleansing ritual and before applying moisturizer, it does reduce the look of fine lines (and I'm a former smoker, so I'm always happy to reduce the appearance of wrinkles which prematurely aged my skin through my own folly), but the effect does not seem to be permanent and fades after a few hours. Which isn't the worst thing that a product like this can do.
8110	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	On time shipping and, brand new!!
I noticed another reviewer mentioned using this product around his eyes and the he had good results. I haven't done that because I am hesitant to use any glycolic acid on that very thin sensitive skin underneath my eyes.
5170	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Vichy has become one of my favorite brands despite the fact they are not organic.  Instead, Vichy has consistently balanced priced products that perform well, almost always have a lovely fragrance and tend to compete with much higher priced products. This is no exception. I'm not a teen - far from it - but like many older adults nearing a "change" of life, prone to skin outbreaks from time to time. When a blemish appears, I need it gone FAST. As luck would have it, I just happened to have a blemish when this arrived - literally from one day to the next it shrank to the point of being all but invisible...a small "bump" was still able to be felt but barely seen - and that covered with a touch of makeup. Good product.

7. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL LEG AND BODY MAKE-UP (SPF25):
6745	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the Hot Tools brand and this one curling iron is great.  I'll have to put this one away since I had my hair cut short.  I'll save it when my hair is longer.
9305	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Putting sunscreen on children is so difficult; especially when they think it's going to burn their eyes or something.  This powder is easy as can be (and it can elicit giggles) and the coverage is great.  You can see water "bead" on skin when swimming so this has some protection in water as well as sun.  Non-drying and invisible.
2785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product arrived on time
4) Billy Jealousy Shaved Ice
8099	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This pomade is very light - won't make your hair feel stiff - with a great texture and aroma.  You almost can't tell you are using product in your hair.  It is a good choice if you want a soft style for your hair, not so great if you want a very firm and textured look.
72	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have already ordered this product as well as OPI's glittery silver, rust and gold sparkly nail polish.  The coverage is fantastic and I have found other sparkly clear coats to put over whatever color I'm using and that makes it even more glittery
I was surprised to learn that this product is made out of 100% talc.  I looked up FDAs definition of talc and this is what it says:  "Talc is a naturally occurring mineral, mined from the earth, composed of magnesium, silicon, oxygen, and hydrogen. Chemically, talc is a hydrous magnesium silicate with a chemical formula of Mg3Si4O10(OH)2.
1238	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very good product... I lost a lot of my hair and it covers that very well..
3242	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it

I am not much for facial cleanser since I feel that they promise results that are not usually backed up by facts. This one though has changed my mind and will definitely check out the rest of this collection. I do like how it feels on my face and it also leaves my face feeling clean. I don't get that feeling with a lot of products.
316	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I've used Seche-vite, Jordana and Out the door top coats and this one is the worst of all.

2632	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am not giving it 5 stars since the smell fades away after about 4-5 hours. I like a cologne where the smell stays on for a long time. That's just my opinion .  I wish this smell lasted a long time but Ill keep the bottle. I like colognes like Obsession but want a smell that attracts. If anyone can recommend a nice men's cologne, please let me know by leaving a comment.  I was not to thrilled with the shipment. I am a Prime member and I should have received it in 2 days but got it a week later. I know the weather had something to do with it with the snow we had in NJ but I feel I should have received it sooner. It was packed very well.
8520	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't yet speak to how effective the SPF is, but the moisturizer is thick yet goes on light and is not oily. It blends very well and doesn't leave any film on your face. I tend to break out from moisturizers, but haven't had that problem with this one.
is like dust and doesn't look like hair at all. I recommend trying another product on Amazon. Perhaps


5053	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the cream, kind of heavy (good for night time) applies nice and absorbs quickly, slight scent but goes away. I would repurchase for night time use.
4360	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good
3615	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's stupid, but I love it. Good for long flights and refreshing your face during the day at work. I first got this as a free sample in Birchbox and it came with a completely incomprehensible pamphlet about how the water is special water from France. People say it's softening? I don't know, it feels nice, and I have an absurd fondness for it.
This is the first time using a Juice Beauty product, but the results were noticeably positive.  The GREEN APPLE AGE DEFY MOISTURIZER will definitely be used as part of the daily skin regiment and there is an eagerness to try other Juice Beauty products.
7969	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using this product for years to improve thinning hair
4150	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love noodle & boo products. I have used this lotion and bodywash since our son arrived one year ago. It smells WONDERFUL and does not irritate baby's skin.


This doesn't work overnight, but it absolutely works for me and the improvement continues for many months, with the skin gradually looking more and more smooth and much lighter in color. If you are constantly applying under eye concealer, this could be your new best friend.
7164	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a cheaper alternative than JOSIE MARAN ARGAN OIL and took a risk on this. It smells divine ... like a combination of flowers and nuts. The consistency is good too. Only negative is it contains BHT = preservative I try to avoid.
301	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have a professional manicure once a month. In between times, I do my own nails. My nails are well conditioned and the professional manicure keeps my nails in top notch condition.

633	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Better compared to other mineral makeup.
2902	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've experimented with several Glycolic creams in recent months on my middle age skin, but this one seems to have all the positive results without any irritation even with a 20% glycolic acid content. There's was a noticeable difference from the very first application. My skin felt and looked more supple, firm  and hydrated with an even coloring. After a few weeks of use, I also noticed several sun spots on my forehead are also lightening and are almost undetectible. I use it only at night, avoid the thin skin under the eyes, and apply oil on my face as well, like Tamanu  or Emu. Extremely happy and enthusiastic! Everyone's skin and sensitivity are unique, but for me this is the best product I've found and will without question reorder it after I've used up this first experimental jar!

B. Also, with the white translucent powder I have found that I am getting a more dimensional look by applying the light shade powder on certain areas of my face, and on top or around in certain areas like cheeks, nose, chin, forehead, I will carefully apply and moments later lightly dust the medium-toned translucent powders as described, allowing it to not look quite so much like monotone matte over my sallow complexion.  Another plus 1,000%! For me.


7721	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This does take away the redness, it actually turned my light skin a ghastly whitish color which you could seen was green if you looked closely. I wear makeup over it so it gets covered up, but I wouldn't use it if I wasn't going to wear makeup on top of it. I'm not sure I'm crazy about it but it definitely does work top conceal red spots.
7415	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this for my husband who gets Actinic Keratosis on his face.  He has been using other creams with AHA/Glycolic acids to keep them at bay all of which have worked quite well.  This cream works just as well and is more reasonably priced than other products he's used.  It has a good amount of glycolic acid and other beneficial ingredients for his skin plus it's non-irritating and moisturizing but not greasy.  He also likes the "plain" packaging and easy to use tube over tubs or pump bottles.  Will continue to buy this for him.
Recommended. prisrob 10-03-13
5341	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great exfoliation that I use once a week. It has made my skin very nice and smooth. It's simple to use - use the scoop that is included in the box to apply to your face. Leave it on for up to 10 minutes (I started off with 2 minutes the first week, 3 the next, etc. until


I find this to have a mild but pleasant scent that does not stick around for long after application.  It does not irritate my eyes at all (of course I don't get toner *in* my eyes, but sometimes if other toners get a bit close, they can sting -- this one does not).
3320	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	"Crown Me Already!" (silver sparkle with various size glitter particles): This polish is amazing and got tons of comments, even from a guy that worked at Lowe's. Three coats are needed to get a solid diamond-like glitter from the nails, but after three days it started to chip off two of my nails, even with Seche Vite topcoat. The biggest problem I had was removal. This polish simply does not want to come off, even if you use a basecoat. It took nearly thirty minutes of intense scrubbing with pure acetone to finally remove the polish, and by that point my nails literally hurt. It is amazing but I will think twice about wearing this by itself again. This would NOT be good for a diamond-tip French manicure as some of the sparkles are quite large. It made the edges of my nails deadly-sharp and my boyfriend complained that I was scratching him. I even scratched my own face a few times.

946	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product and great price.  I will order this product again.  quick delivery.
5. Diaper Rash Cream:  Doesn't seem to work as well as the ill-named cream that I can't type because the inappropriate content filter may block it.  This wasn't as thick.  Still worked fine but not as quickly as the other stuff.
1378	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now.  It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots.  My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair.  And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)!  The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie.  Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar.  It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets.  I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity  because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product!  Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair.  Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place.  Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair.  Instead of enhancing his look,  Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place.
757	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Eternity for men is never overpowering, yet it's sensual, warm and woodsy.  It is inviting, and I really like it.  My husband likes it because he can wear it to work or for an evening out and never feel like he has overdone it.  It's a modest, yet masculine and pleasing scent. For men (or even their ladies) who dislike a strong scent, this is perfect.
This is the mask I keep in my "tool kit" when I need to have a super smooth, super perfect make up for a special event.  I use this about an hour before I start my make up, then follow my regular skin care regimen, and apply my make up and my face looks like it's been airbrushed.

1233	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	These fibers are a good product for making a thinning head of hair look thick again. I do however recommend the TOPPIK hair fattener spray over this product. Also, if you are insistent on purchasing this item, I highly recommend purchasing the pump applicator as well. It makes for the application process so much more effective and will extend the duration of the products use.
9320	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a nice light lotion.  I have sensitive skin and it doesn't irritate it at all.  I love this lotion!
Well, this product claims to be a moisture magnet and sunscreen.  It definitely does as promised.  I found that when applying this to the skin, it definitely does moisturize and keep it moisturized throughout the day.  I am testing this in the summer, however, so I will also use this in the dead of winter when skin gets very dry and see how it works.

I wouldn't recommend this for someone who needs a decent amount of exfoliation on a consistent basis.
I only love this bottle and will be ordering more when this one runs out. I recommend that you ensure that you are purchasing directly from Amazon to avoid the risk of fraudulent product, like some of the previous reviewers seemed to experience. Also, at the time of this review the product is less expensive at Nordy's, so you may want to compare the pricing at local stores.


I used after a shower and applied to problem areas.  Odar less, no painful stinging, just effective.  Redness and acne resolved.

9095	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is one of the best curling irons I've purchased! However, I wish I bought a smaller barrel, the 1' 1/4" barely gives me curls. I am still debating whether to buy a smaller barrel in addition or stick with the one I already got.
5671	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely LOVE this stuff!! It covers your scalp and seems to make your hair seem fuller. I no longer worry that people will see my balding head. It even helps kind of cover my gray hair at the roots. I really do love Toppik! It works great!
Not only does it clean well without overly stripping your skin, but it has a gentle exfoliation with the seaweed bits.  It's soothed my skin and made it glow in a way it hasn't in a while.
Marine Creams are all the rage, and this gel-to-cream formulation, helps to moisturize my skin.  Antiaging ingredients help improve the look of my skin while helping to reduce lines. I  never miss a day without a moisturizer and this one is light enough to apply under my makeup or to wear just by itself. This is Top of The Line and Top Quality. This is both light and non-greasy. The Pro-Collagen Marine Cream is formulated with marine algae, padina pavonica, porphyridium, and ginkgo biloba.

1163	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have used PCA for 5 yrs. Does a great job for awhile. Moderate to expensive in cost.
4503	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good product for removing eye makeup. In general, I've liked everything I've tried from La Roche-Posay

I am a self-proclaimed PCA addict (in the best way).  My medicine cupboard resembles an aesthetician's tray.  PCA, exfoliating wash, toner, multiple serums, hydrators, eye cream, sun screens and lip serum (all purchased from Amazon).
9336	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like it - I  wish the others who claim to be 100% M oil were really like this $$$ one.
It is light enough to be worn by most any guy from 16 to 116.  It is so good, that both women and men may ask  just what you are wearing. Not super-noticeable, but it is there, in a masculine way.  Ultra nice bottle and packaging , making it an ideal gift. CK designs, and fragrances have been  a go-to for me since the 1970's.

4424	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife and three daughters loved this skin cleanser.  They all suffer from fairly sensitive skin and can't use many brands.  Works well, non drying and I will say has a wonderful smell.  The girls are demanding more!
Also it is hydrating so my lips feel protected from the dry Texas winds. It comes in light gold toned case that will not break when dropped. The case adds a touch of elegance.
6102	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	gave this to the wife to use.  she advised that it cleans the body real well.  she likes it for it is not as abrasive as other cleansing soaps that she has used.  she said that it lathered nice and the smell is good.  she likes it
Although I love this pressed powder, it is for oily skin and best if used during the summer! The loose powder is for dry skin FYI and I have dry skin but in the summer I have combo skin. I returned the pressed powder cuz I couldn't use it all year round and still sticking to B.E. (since 07) and my skin tone fluctuates btwn winter/summer so having one color just doesn't cut it. I have so much makeup it's ridiculous!
9700	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have dry hands throughout the year, and they are really bad in the winter. I've tried various creams from Aveeno, Kiss My Face, Burts Bees, Kiehls, and now LOccitane.

8328	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So I had finally bought some butter londons. I avoided it because I just couldn't get over the price. However, I liked one of the colors very much and decided to give them a shot because their shape is a bit easier to store. So, I bought a set/kit thing and a 3 different colors.
34	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love......
3415	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it

1827	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Pretty, stylish color. I like Essie polish, but it does chip a little bit. Very good price.
6227	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product works with the cleanser and gentle lotion

It does make a noticeable difference in my nails and cuticles, especially this time of year, when winter is so drying.  I'd recommend it for nighttime use.
There is some chemical or preservative commonly used in hand lotions that I'm so allergic to it makes my hands puff up like baseball mitts. Because of this, I'm understandably cautious when trying new ones. I'm pleased to say that this turned out to be safe, and I can still make a fist.
4837	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I prefer this dry shampoo over the Oscar Blandi spray versionof the dry shampoo. It can be placed precisely where needed, and with practice doesn't leave any tell tale residue in the hair.  Nobody seems to carry the 2.5 oz version anymore, so I'll have to make do with the 1 oz size and purchase it more frequently until it's no longer available -- in fact, I just purchased 3.
So far I've changed to 5 stars. For the price of twenty one bucks it's really a great value and could easily be someone's first safety razor.

2982	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This is my first experience with this particular company and their products. After reading the other reviews, I was excited to see how these premium products made my shaving experience SO much better than the "cheap" stuff I currently use.

8618	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great
My Tips to use... slide the top of the can open, shake the powder out on your palm, rob your palms together and apply to your scalp one hand at a time make sure to rub it in, especially on back of head.  Shake out on your palm again and now pat on top of your hair. I leave approximately 5 to 10 minutes without touching and then comb through.
If you like extravagant florals, this one might be for you. I'm glad I opened the red door but I doubt that I'll do it again. I'm gonna keep this red door closed. However, I love this version:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Red-Door-Velvet-By-Elizabeth-Arden-For-Women-Eau-De-Parfum-Spray-3-3-Ounce-Bottle/dp/B000VOPG9K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Red Door Velvet By Elizabeth Arden For Women, Eau De Parfum Spray, 3.3-Ounce Bottle</a>
247	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The color on this is amazing. I like the shade.
BUT with this cleaner I apply to my washcloth and gently wipe my eye and face makeup off. Really works great and my face feels super clean but not too dry after using. I have used other Vichy products and this is one of the best. 3 in 1 makes my nightly routine much more efficient. Love this cleaner!
2253	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I didn't realize this product was for guys when I purchased it...but hey I still love it! The mint makes my skin feel so clean and refreshed.
8586	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This  product works with the Gentle cleanser and I like it....
1338	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have a child suffering from Trichotillomania and will say that this stuff has been a life saver.  We are able to avoid the need of a wig thanks to this product.  I'm not saying it is a perfect product because it can be scratched off or easily removed by water so it isn't an option for swimming, but I'm thrilled with it because my child is able to go to school without a wig which is very big deal for us.
9227	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!  Amazing
Unfortunately, it has been very rainy and humid here so I haven't been able to see the full extent of what this product can do. However, I have high hopes for this. I'll definitely use this all summer long to keep frizz at bay.
I've been using La Roche products for awhile, mostly the sunscreens, and I haven't hit a dud once.  This is a great brand of skin care.

6534	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
4448	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	i was very excited to try this because i love facial cleansers and I use them all with my Clarisonic.  I do like the sent of this one but it did leave my skin oily.  Even when i did the dishes right after I washed my face, the water on my hands just beaded off like i had put oil on my hands.  I really don't like the idea of having my skin pores blocked like that.  I had to wash my hands with dish detergent to get them back to normal.  I think this would be great for people with dry or troubled skin.  I have normal skin and don't wear makeup but I do spend money to take care of my skin.  I've been using Philosphy Purity made simple for the past few years and I'll stick with that. I have this 2 stars because one star for the scent and one star for the large tube and nice looking tube.  It's just not for me.  It felt like I had rubbed my face with oil.
2500	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I always, always go by the Stila displays and admire their products. Their packaging, their colors, they attract me! I like their waterproof liquid eyeliners, for example.
4481	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This works well for removing make up.  I had to use three cotton balls with this cleanser to get every trace of foundation off my face.  I like this cleansing water but wills stick with my usually routing of a foaming cleanser as it actually saves me more time in the long run and is cheaper than using a cleaning water.


3840	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best dry shampoo I have tried.  It adds body & takes away the limp look when you don't have time to shampoo.
Great prices too!!!
6280	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have been using Billy Jealousy products for a couple years now. This is a great, gentle exfoliating cleanser. I have normal to oily skin, and use this as a pre-shave cleanser. Excellent results.
It does feel very good when applied. It's a liquid serum (almost like a very watered down gel in texture). A little goes a long way. Just a couple drops was sufficient to cover my face. It felt very soothing - I typically have very dry, sensitive skin and this serum felt refreshing. This didn't irritate my skin at all and actually felt really nice when on.
I love Butter London nail products in general, but this one is one of my favorites!
Although I loved the scent - it was sort of a minty/botanical kind of smell, I would have had to use hairspray to keep it from floating/flyaways and I hate hairspray and only use it if I absolutely have to. I also tried using other styling products to reduce the flyaways but since my hair is fine, it doesn't take much before my hair seems weighed down.
I am happy to see more high-end products from LOreal that should work well for young and old alike, especially since it seemed to me years ago that their products were for my younger crowd.
2943	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This stuff is awesome.  Smooth shave, smells great and non irritating.  I would recommend buying this over the regular shave creams if you want to keep your blades sharper longer.


When I first got into DE shaving I tried all kinds of Esoteric shave creams, soap etc. After the dust settled and my wallet was empty I found the Proraso Shave Soaps. I find with a good badger brush and possibly a drop of shave oil this soap is all one needs for the PERFECT close shave! I like the green Proraso sometimes a bit better than this white and sometimes I prefer this white so I keep both on hand and alternate.
9812	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I recently started wet shaving. I came away from the cans of foam and now use saving soaps, brush and a straight razor. Those that straight shave or DE shave know what prep and the right soap is all about. After many hours of research and lots of time on Badger and Blade and SRP forum it has been decided the Italians and the Turks are make the best soaps (and the Brits). Poraso is the best of the lot and I love the Green Tea and Oats. Using this I have cut back on irritation and cuts.  It loads on my brush and makes cream like a nothing I have ever seen, except for wool fat.  Smells great and is a welcome addition to my other soaps.  I will buy this until I die.
3629	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Though I love the light hold and easy application, I will likely only buy it a few times a year due to the not so appealing smell and price, which feels high considering how quickly you can go through this bottle.
The product above and all the other OPI sparkly nail polish give terrific coverage with just two coats.  It is thick and sometimes I add a smidgeon of polish remover to make it less 'coarse' while preserving the fantastic color with a little more ease.
5259	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My dermatologist recommended this product for my neck and dcolletage.  I use it twice a day and have seen a wonderful difference in my skin texture.  It even has improved the sun damaged areas of my chest.  It takes about 4 weeks (half the jar) before you start to see the difference.  I'll buy this product for years to come.
8395	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was sent a sample of this cleansing lotion from Nordstrom and liked it so much that I purchased more.  It is great for combination skin.  I have oily skin around my nose and upper cheeks as well as my forehead.  The rest of my face is dry.  This is called the 'T-zone'.  I have used this cleanser and it's gentle, does not clog my pores, and has a nice clean smell.  It does not suds up so I need to be careful not to use too much.  I like it a lot.
9147	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've heard such great things about this product for such a long time and I finally decided to give it a try a few weeks ago. I am so impressed with how fast it works and I love that the ingredients list is very minimal. Visit my blog at christinaschiccorner.com to read my full, more detailed review I posted about it.
3450	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my favorite colors. Even though it's not one of those iridescent colors that is made to change colors, it looks pink in some light a s coral in others. Not too baby pastel light, and not too dark.  Just right.




4342	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good basic moisturizer. Not heavy or greasy.

7879	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This might work well for others, but this brand made my scalp incredibly irritated.  Also, the color has a greenish tinge, which was NOT the look I was going for.  Nanogen and Cobuki have worked better for me.
3056	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this serum, a few drops and it smooths evenly over my whole face.  I haven't noticed a cooling sensation when applying, but it does absorb quickly and leaves my skin soft.  I have skin that is prone to breaking out, so I pick products carefully that are for sensitive skin.  This serum didn't cause any break outs while using it, and may have kept the pimples at bay.  I didn't notice a fragrance in the serum, it smelled faintly of medicine. It is a light blue color, but it wasn't noticeable after blending in my skin.  All in all I like how this serum makes my skin feel soft.
8033	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love how easy it is to use this product.  It also works very well and lasts a long time.
6984	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Juice Beauty Green Apple Age Defy Serum is too much for my sensitive skin.  Other non-sensitive Juice products do not irritate my skin the way this does.  It is pleasant to apply, but it did leave my skin in a fussier state.  A closer peek at the ingredients revealed salicylic acid (from white willow bark), which is an ingredient that my skin tends to rebel against.
2976	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I received this in exchange for a review.  This is a total score for me as I already use the Art of Shaving products.
9919	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't have sensitive skin, but opted for this over the green or red thinking that a sensitive skin product would feel all the better. I just completed my first shave and came away loving it. The thick/stiff cream in the container loaded up very easily into my brush after squeezing out excess water. A little goes a long way, I loaded the tip and was able to get coverage 3 times over my face and neck with a single load. A nice slick lather was produced - I have never felt a razor glide so effortlessly over my skin. After shaving i noticed that my skin started to tingle. It felt like menthol. This might bother some but I loved it.
2255	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing!
6. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL QUICK-FIX BODY (NO SPF):
6461	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin feels amazing!  First full day of using this im in love. Im so glad i bought the $$.it will last a long time wished the other kit i bought had those size available id so get it too.i had a spot that was red from a terrible acnee breakkout from an allergic i had and the redness never wanted to give up and heal but i washed my face once last night and today twice in the morning i focused on those areas rubbing in upward motion and i kid you not it dried up and flaked off,its still there but it  deff lighter, i can deff tell it works for brightening the skin. 5 stars all the way
Some key remarks on the experience:
Recommended.
3228	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Here's another over-sized tube of the rich, Ahava foot cream--one of the thickest most luxuriant such creams on the market. A little goes a very long way. And in this package, you get 5.4 fluid ounces, compared with the usual 3.4 ounce Ahava size. And Ahava foot cream is not just good for feet. It's great for elbows, hands, and so on. Try some. You'll love it.
9135	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product works great I have oily skin and it dries them up.
One dot is all you need. Do not over use or you will burn your skin. works fast.

speaking of which, i'm going to take off a star due to the lack of definitive info on whether or not the product line is 'animal tested' - we try not to buy products, especially cosmetics that are tested using animals (not a good thing)
9928	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't have sensitive skin, but opted for this over the green or red thinking that a sensitive skin product would feel all the better. I just completed my first shave and came away loving it. The thick/stiff cream in the container loaded up very easily into my brush after squeezing out excess water. A little goes a long way, I loaded the tip and was able to get coverage 3 times over my face and neck with a single load. A nice slick lather was produced - I have never felt a razor glide so effortlessly over my skin. After shaving i noticed that my skin started to tingle. It felt like menthol. This might bother some but I loved it.
5652	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	at covering thinning areas of hair. I've never tried any other brand of hair building fibers but this one covers and blends well. Looks like your hair if you match the color properly. I have yet to find a way to keep it from spreading all over the sink and countertop in the bathroom though
9242	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Juice Beauty Green Apple Peel for Sensitive skin is indeed an all natural (at least from what I can tell, the ingredients list is very impressive and does appear to be lacking a lot of bad filler products) skin treatment product to help exfoliate your skin and restore the look/feel of younger skin. It's not a huge bottle of product, but it's bigger than what you'd get compared to some (such as Glam mud products and the like), and you don't need a lot when using (they say to apply a generous amount to face, neck and decolletage area, but really, you don't want this falling off in lumps, you just want more than a thin layer).
9950	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin.  Over the years I have tried many different things to help.  This is the second order of Proraso Shaving Soap I have made and I do not anticipate changing.  The product lasts a very long time and does not have an overwhelming scent.  This was good for me as I also don't do well with perfumes or lotions that have smells.  This shaving soap has a clean scent but very faint.  The most important thing is that this soap has improved my skin tremendously.  I use this shaving soap and switched to a DE razor.  Although my skin hasn't been perfect it has been a tremendous amount better using this combination than anything else I have tried through the years.  I am very happy with this purchase.
The color is nice- very close to MAC Lingering or Tarte Taupe brow pencils in color.
2956	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This scrub has the perfect "grit" content. I like scrubs to be pretty gritty, so I can really feel it on my skin. This one is perfect. It is almost like St Ives Apricot scrub, but the pieces are smaller. It does a great job of removing any dry skin, exfoliating, releasing ingrown hairs (and preventing them), it is a great shave prep. Your skin is so soft and smooth after using it.
9953	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried everything from premium designer stuff to the value stuff.  When it comes down to it, it's really just shaving soap.  This stuff is no different.  Proraso is a very good shaving product.  It doesn't have the variety of scents that other soaps/creams have, but for the price, it's a good low-frills product.  The soap is just hard enough to load my brush on it, but soft enough to get a really good load without too much effort.  It really whips up a great rich lather that is very slick.  It leaves my skin feeling hydrated and it works great with the Nivea aftershave balm.  The only gripe I have is the scent.  I don't particularly care for the soapy scent.  It's not bad, I just wouldn't wear it as a cologne.  Of course, smell is completely subjective.  Like most all soaps, the scent doesn't linger for more than a few minutes anyway.
4865	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this Jane Iredale product now for 6 years.  Once introduced to it I fell in love with the appearance it gives your skin.  Does not flake or look drying on the skin.  Use with the stamping brush (bought separately) and stipple it onto your face with this brush.  It leaves no residue and makes your skin look like porcelain.  Just make sure you get the right color shade for your skin.  I am fair skin and this works great.
231	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color.
I would definitely recommend the product but just to be careful with any skin sensitivities, as with any skincare product.

6188	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great cleanser
1596	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful alone (not a good topper because it covers so well, in one coat, which is a good thing too)
Amazing results, Zoya!
1412	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you get queasy while brushing your teeth, it could be the foam in your toothpaste. If you, or someone you know, has this issue, Marvis might be a good choice to try.
531	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	...IF you don't over apply the product.
1563	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Not as opaque w first coat as Isa, more like jelly type polish. But looks good, not see through w 2 coats. Pretty metallic mid tone magenta. Long wearing
6873	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was shocked at how well this stuff works at drying up pimples. I would start to have a breakout, so using a Q-tip I would dab a little on the area at night and by morning it would be gone. I wish I would have had this product when I was a teenager. I highly recommend Mario Badescu Drying Lotion...it really works fast.

6080	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This stuff makes me greasy and I break out when I use it.
It is marketed for men.  The claims are that a mans skin is different and so needs a different product than a womans.  That is not a true claim.  Men just don't want to purchase products that are marketed toward women, so special plain white and black packaging is produced to attract the male consumer.

9668	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Item is as described and arrived promptly.
Im using a Praoraso pre-shave cream and  a few drops of shave secret oil as a base (not required but I prefer this).
Give it a try!
1874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for touch ups when you don't want to get a manicure every day for 10$, even better for those with real nails
7468	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have had exczema all my life and of all places, it's the worst on my face. <ugh>  Everything that a doctor prescribes has a steriod in it and if you know anything about topical steroids, they thin your skin -- not good!  I went to a new hair salon a couple of months ago and the stylist noticed my skin (of course) and suggested Yu-Be.  She even had a couple of sample tubes for me to try.  Yu-Be is not a medication, but it does have some serious moisturizers and that's good for dry, flaky skin.  Plus, it has a little camphor in it which helps calm that ever-present itch!  The smell of the camphor dissipates very quickly so you don't go around smelling like your grandpa and his arthritis cream.  I will always keep Yu-Be in my skin care basket!
5919	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The glitter is exact and too much so, one looks as if one has sparkly fungi on one's nails.  There are better.

I had issues with using it as a toner and then putting my makeup on over it.  My skin gets fairly greasy and this was just too heavy of a toner to leave on (or even put on and wipe clean with a cotton ball).  Having it on under my make up caused my make up to rub off easily and my skin to look very greasy.  It's not a super heavy moisturizer, but it was heavy enough that I can't wear it under make up.
9163	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Exceptionally good product.  Have used this off and on for many years.  If you have a zit this will take care of it overnight.  Doesn't dry out the area that you put it on or make the skin irritated as other products.  I recommend this highly to everyone.  You will be thrilled with the outcome.

Give this a try, if you are looking for a nice self-tanner, and you don't mind spending the money.  You can see that the reviews speak for themselves.
My hair is so soft after using this, too.  I do notice less frizz, as well.  Going to have to bite the bullet and buy a full-sized bottle when my sample is out, because this has been working so well for me.
Sean P. Logue, 2008
9434	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product does exactly the same job as the more expensive spa branded products.  It could be improved if it came in a pump type container. (This review written by Bun's husband)


781	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a great foundation that was really lightweight and easily blendable.  It went right into my wife's skin, and she loved the fact that it felt silky.  It combined excellently with the VINCENT LONGO Water Canvas Blush, and came in a small & convenient compact that was easy to throw into my wife's bag.
1516	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	exactly as expected
Octinoxate: Organic compound that helps increase UV protection
8661	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful to use every day for combination skin
3.  It doesn't irritate my eyes, skin, or hurt my natural eyelashes.
'Pure Badger' Shaving Brush: We've all seen the 1920s imagery of barbers expertly swathing their customers with thick shaving cream before cleaning up their beard with a straight edge razor. This brush is obviously a throwback to that era. Is it cool? Sure, it's cool. Is it superior to applying shaving cream with your fingers? Um, kinda I guess. It does allow you to be less wasteful with the shaving cream. I find that if you gently dust the top of the cream with the brush you're able to apply more and in more even strokes than with fingers. Regardless, it's a nice luxury item that makes the kit more gifty and fun. I don't know that it's so amazingly awesome that I would feel I have to use the brush to shave for the rest of my life.
1493	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice color and very good nail polish.
1. Doesn't do much other than clean. I didn't notice any effect other than the mental one from the "cooling action" of the menthol. I got zero benefit from using this other than the "cleansing" part.
250	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Rivals my favorite CND Vinylux. I don't use the OPI top coat. I do use the vinylux top coat and a CND sticky base with this polish and it lasts well over 7 days. I'm a nurse and I'm always using my hands and still no chips and super shiny.
This seems to clean as well as any other body wash, and I've observed neither irritation nor noticeable improvement in my skin compared to using previous washes. Because it lathers well and the relatively small bottle opening allows for control over the amount dispensed, this should last well for the size of the container.
7442	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have oily sensitive and acne prone skin.  I am learning that scrubbing it is not a good idea for me. My skin will try to produce more oil and protect itself when scrubbed.  This is gentile but I had to stop using it just to figure out how to handle my particular skin.  Otherwise, I do love Pevonia products
I hated shaving! My skin always got irritated and burned after! Then I tried this stuff after watching hours of videos, I broke down and gave it a whack. Now mind you I'm in a wheel chair so it is harder for me to shave and I get worn out in my chair quickly!!!! After using this I look forward to shaving I can't wait for the stubble at 5pm or 5am to show up cause I'm going to shave... I will spend the extra 10 min to get outta  bed to go through the procedure to shave ! My skin comes out so smooth and irritation free!!!!!! And the girlfriend really noticed a difference! Spend the money, spend the time to learn , spend the time to treat your self to something fun and comforting !!!
One of the reasons I am giving this product a 5 star rating is because my highly allergic skin did not react adversely to it. So despite being a bit pricey, if one is plagued with sensitive skin this product would be worth considering.
1614	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you have ever seen the show "Revenge" with Emily Vancamp, this is the exact nail polish her beauty artists used for the TV show :) it's absolutely gorgeous! Long lasting! I used butter london tops and tails with it
8971	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gets very hot, works great.  Good buy would recommend!
I recommend it, will buy again.

4569	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive skin and unfortunately have suffered painful reactions to certain brands of deodorant (mostly of the aluminum free or natural varieties from brands I otherwise like). I can't get enough of CK One and wanted to try this deodorant for a little while-so glad I did. Definitely the CK One fragrance I adore but a little lighter/ more subtle, no skin irritation, long lasting (most surprising) and I'm happy with the results and experience of wearing it. Smells fresh and clean which is what I want.





I used this product over several days while in SF with my gf--we were staying with my mom. I mention this because we got a wide variety of skin types to test this product out. As mentioned early it is thick on everyone. The apple smell is amazing. The age defy part though... thats a little nebulous.
887	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This works well as a face refresher.  It doesn't feel like a moisturizer but more a temporary lift for your skin, or moisture you moisturizer will help to seal in. I've been on the fence about whether this is a worthy buy or not.  I like the way it makes my skin feel but I'm not sure it does enough to make it a necessary part of my daily regimen.  I think it's best for a me me up for your face throughout the day and if you need that, it's a worthy buy,  There's really no smell and no chemicals to irritate your sensitive skin, both of which are very important to me.
Both active and inactive ingredients are full of chemicals but why would EltaMD would try to promote a hazardous material like Octinoxate as an organic compound worth placing it on human's biggest organ which gets absorbed and processed by the liver is an indication of EltaMD institutional values.
20% is way tooo strong to be used everydays .




The bottle I received probably sat for quite some time, it did not have liquid texture as most new polishes do. I had to thin this out before using on my nails.
When I posted something with JB hoping to get assistance, I got nothing, nana, zip. Seems they were just more happy to have suckered me into a 2nd month and didn't feel the need to help out someone who could potentially be a lifelong customer IF this horrible purge ever passes because I'm pretty determined. Instead, I'm left to assume it'll either get better in the next 30 days or I'll need to go to another product. If it improves I'll keep it - but as it's looking (which is pretty darn nasty at the moment) I'll likely employ their so-called return policy - again I just have to see if this purge is a myth or not. I've had similar breakouts, but nothing like this.
2448	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent blowdryer. Very quiet and powerful but it is a bit heavy as others said in their reviews. Doesn't bother me, it takes so much less time to dry my hair that it is worth the extra weight.
8984	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love this curling iron, however, it is about my fifth one as the spring on the clamp tends to loosen with use.  When the clamp is not tight smaller amounts of hair are not held effectively and they just fall off of the barrel.  Hot Tools supplies an extra spring to install when this happens, but then the replacement spring loosens.  Consequently, I just purchase another as I've never found another brand of curling iron that works as well for me (when the clamp is tight).
It has a slight scent that disappears after a few minutes, and is very easy to smooth on. It comes in a small opaque plastic jar with a pump that dispenses a large droplet--enough to smooth under both eyes with a bit left over to smooth under both brows. Because the jar is opaque, it's impossible to tell how much is left.
The feel is silky almost.. it rubs in effortlessly and doesnt have any grease... ill also say it reduces the effect of razor burn ALMOST right away! I was greatly surprised.. my skin felt really moisturized all day too.

700	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite face wash! The best smell and a clean finish. I sometimes use others but my face looks and feels the best when I use this product. It's my "go to" for face wash. Mens products are killing it!
7342	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I tried all the major brands for men and Baxters is definately a step above the rest. All product mfg have at least one of my favorites. This is the best buy for the three items. I do like all three products and they work well.

1055	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I rarely wear makeup - so when I do - the last thing I want to do is to have to reapply it.  I am definitely a once and done kind of person.  (Plus - if I actually get it right the first time - I want to make sure it stays that way!)  With this powder - I can finish my makeup, apply this, wait a bit - and then I am good for the entire day.  It's great!!!
3851	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff works.  Growing and strengthening nails abused by gel nails/acrylic nails.  Big help.

3907	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can see the difference in your nails within minutes. It isn't a weird gooy gel that sticks to everything and it does as it says, it strengthens your nails. Well worth the price.
4967	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've also reviewed the shampoo companion to this conditioner...and I hated the way it smells. But I will say that the conditioner is a much more toned down version of the fake Jasmine smell, so that is good. The product does what it says it will do. My hair is smoother and it feels silkier. So I only took away one star for the bad use of the Jasmine fragrance that is somewhat pain straight in the eyeball headache causing...but dissipates. The conditioner is very light and does its smoothing job without weighing down my very fine and frizzy prone curly hair. And as I said in the review of the shampoo, if it does the job, I'll use it until it is gone. But hey, if you like really fragranced products and you have fine and frizzy hair, I say go for it. The serum is great too!
5654	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	at covering thinning areas of hair. I've never tried any other brand of hair building fibers but this one covers and blends well. Looks like your hair if you match the color properly. I have yet to find a way to keep it from spreading all over the sink and countertop in the bathroom though.
2430	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this flat iron.  I just started using a flat iron for curling in the last six months or so, and the one I started with was an HSI, which was was very difficult to use.  I was happily surprised to find how easy and effective the Babyliss is to use.  Highly recommend!
Your mileage may vary, depending on getting a good-for-you color and with lots of time to pamper in the morning.
7096	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have always had baby fine hair, so have tried loads of products over the years that promised to give me thicker, fuller hair. I wasn't expecting much when I tried Jack Black True Volume shampoo, but I've been pleasantly surprised.
Linseed Oil
7637	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Favorite sunscreen ever!!  Love this stuff.
4211	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great toner that contains mild astringents and exfoliators. I have combination skin and this toner suits all parts of my face. It removes last traces of makeup and any oils without stripping my skin.
2098	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Essie products and love this color. Looks great and lots of fun for summer. Very bright. Would definitely recommend
1771	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Product was as described
9401	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Cool.  This is part of the Hawaii collection but not in the sampler pack which I'm sorry I didn't skip.  This is pretty. Another Pink purple combination , more matte finish.  On the darker side of pink, Mauve perhaps.  Nicely different.
3469	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it
3266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why I haven't given this a 5 star rating sooner. Ever since my mom got me this 5 years ago when I was in college, I have not used another lip balm but this one. I alternate between the Grapefruit Ginger and the Mint Shea Butter. The latter is the best hence the mint. It has a nice cooling effect. :) yeah....
5597	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this stuff.  Hides where hair is thinning and gives more body.
I'm really not sure why this brush works so much better for me.  Is it the squarish shape of the barrel that does it or is it the "Natural Ion Complex" that the bristles are supposed to be infused with that allows the brush to glide?  All I know is that it takes me less than half the time to dry my hair now and the finish is much smoother.  Highly recommended.
1217	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product that lives up to its hype.  The small ones help you find your color.  (then can order a larger one).
7094	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	With most thickening shampoos I expect a bit of tingle to help stimulate the scalp that was missing from this shampoo.  Nice fragrance, cleans hair well but didn't really notice much of a difference in the hair after a week of use.  After trying Aveda's Invati, this product, Billy Jealousy and probably some others the Aveda gave the healthiest-looking results and will probably be the one we return to.
5011	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For me, make up should naturally enhance my looks, not look fake.  This eyebrow pencil sure fits the bill.  I have pale skin with blond eyebrows, so the eyebrows disappear into my face.




There's an on/off switch and manual dial adjustment for the heat setting.  The cord is on a swivel and it's of a generous length.  The 1" porcelain plates are smooth, and will remain that way with care.
4586	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always use after I wash my hair. Leaves my hair smelling wonderful and shiny.  Also helps with styling my hair as well.
The cologne itself sprays well, and the scent lasts for the entire day for me.  I used between 2-3 sprays a day when using the cologne and didn't feel like the scent was overpowering later on in the day.  I think if you like this scent or this brand you will not be disappointed in the product, however, since smell is so subjective you may hate it (which I think is the reason for the reviews being so spread out).  Overall the product itself worked the way it should and left me very happy.
8378	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This really helps moisturize under the eyes and smooths out tiny wrinkles and it lasts a lond time as yoiu don't use that much of it.
3247	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	just received

* They hold up to commercial use

6167	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Mario Badescu Moisture Magnet SPF 15 Lotion works effectively as a both a facial moisturizer and light sunscreen.  The lotion is very thick, but goes on smoothly, absorbs quickly, and doesn't feel heavy on the skin.  There is a light scent to it that definitely has a sunscreen smell to it, but it's very subdued so neither you, nor people around you, will smell the lotion on you.  The lotion slightly tinted pink, but the tint does not show up on the skin.  I have normal/dry skin, and found this moisturizer worked well for me during the day.  The dry flaky patches on my face haven't shown up during the day when wearing this product (I use a different moisturizer at night), and the added SPF, while low, works well at protecting my skin while I'm out and about.  Makeup isn't affected when using this moisturizer as a base, and I haven't had any issues with smudging or streaking when using with various makeup products.  This lotion leaves skin feeling and looking matte, and works well when using it by itself.  I have slightly sensitive skin, and I haven't had any issues with breakouts or irritation.  Overall, this is worth considering if you're looking for a good everyday daytime skin moisturizer/sunscreen.
6185	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've tried every Davines shampoo and conditioner and hated them all. This was the last one I had to try before writing off the whole line as worthless. First, I loved the scent - very clean and fresh. Second and more importantly, this left my hair so soft and shiny! I'm thrilled with the results!
The other products that may also be helping are the Vitamin C serum and antioxidant serum from Paula's Choice that I've also been using.  I've been using the Paula's Choice products for about three months, though, and it was really adding in this Glycolix product that kicked things up a bit.
Obviously, it does not contain triclosan, which finally was found toxic (see: "5 Things to Know About Triclosan - FDA") and a candidate for a ban by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the USA (see: "Toxic Triclosan Banned From Soap but Lingers in Consumer Products").
6243	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, love, love Pevonia products!!! I truly recommend to anyone struggling with Rosasea or other sensitive skin issues. I have been using the lotion (a calming astringent) & the Botanical Concentrate (serum) for over 10 years!

Great sized bottle, lovely texture and green color, this soap seemed promising.  Creamy and easy to use without being overly foamy, I found the fragrance to be a bit overwhelming and it left our skin stripped and a bit itchy and uncomfortable and tight.
6321	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great at getting off all of my makeup, even my stubborn mascara. It's gentle on the skin and doesn't burn or sting your eyes.
Might try some others, but I do like this, and so far haven't felt silly about spending this much on shaving. After all, I do it almost every day, so why skimp?
9386	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Beautifuly color and stays longer.


7336	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have to take over the reigns of this, my wife usually writes the reviews but she wanted to give an honest critique of the product used by a man. Well, I like it. It does what is is supposed to do. Especially the cleanser. I work out heavily and my face feels really clean afterwards and this stuff even gets deep into my winter beard  and that's quite the task.
I love that this has hyaluronic acid from a vegetarian/plant source, and I'm super glad it says so on the label.  Most hyaluronic acid is a byproduct of poultry processing so I'm very happy to see a non-animal source in a product.  And I would argue that the vegetable hyaluronic acid in this product works as well as any other.  I felt an almost immediate (but not unpleasant) tightening of my skin when I used this.  In general, hyaluronic acid hangs on to a lot of moisture -- that's what generates the plumping and wrinkle filling effects.  I used a moisturizer after this, but I probably didn't need to!
4669	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This smells delicious.  And it gets your hair clean.  Plus the product I received was definitely authentic Paul Mitchell.
9010	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	There are two major drawbacks to this flat iron. 1) the outside casing gets extremely hot - hot enough to burn your fingers when you clamp it down and 2) it does not have an automatic turn-off. Frankly, I've switched back to my $30 Remington flat iron. This is just not worth the price.
I might try to add some water and/or other moisturizer and see if that improves the situation, rather than throw the tube away, but I don't think I'd recommend it to others.
Nice smell, no burn.  I like this sunscreen.

2490	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I buy this from "Majestic Beauty"  and the color look the same they show on the picture
6403	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	WORKS WELL
My favorite thing about this conditioner is the tingly feeling my head has after I wash it! Not to mention this is the best deal on this product I have found!
6076	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this mask about once a week, it gives my skin such a lovely glow and evens out my complexion, which can get irritated easily due to the microdermabrasion treatments and peels I put it through.  Unlike a lot of masks with clay, this does not irritate or dry out my skin, it just refreshes it and leaves it smooth, soft and even.
858	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Pros:
538	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My wife did not like this product. She said it was difficult to apply and did not feel comfortable on her skin. She said she would not  be using it again because it just did not do the job that she wanted it to perform..
4756	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As I've mentioned in some of my other JB reviews, I am doing this review from the stand point of someone with thinning hair, short cut hair.  The positives about this shampoo is this bottle will last me a long time.  I've used it for over a month now and I would say I'm about a fifth of the way through the bottle.  I imagine, someone with thicker, longer hair will run through the bottle more quickly.  It is very light weight, and washes through easily and leaves my hair feeling clean.  The negative on this (and this is purely subjective), is the scent.  It has a citrus smell, specifically lemon.  I question the decision on this particular scent because it reminds me of lemon scented dish washing soap.  It even has the same texture.  Curious.  I didn't give it 5 stars because of that, but would have given it more of a 4.5 if I had the option.  Price is a little high, but most "designer" shampoos are running about the same.  The chances are if you are looking at JB products, the price isn't a deal breaker for you.  Where I don't believe my hair appears thicker, that is the fault of genetics, not this product.  My hair is definitely clean and manageable.

I have now been acne free for about a week. When my acne returns (because it always does) I will try this again, and if I don't have the same results, I will update this review.

210	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty color and much to m surprise it stayed on really well - in fact it was harder to get off than regular nail polish.  Bright and pretty.
8685	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife loves this nourishing oil as this is a very gentle and smooth oil that makes her skin feel more supple as the oil helps hydrate her skin. As her skin tends to get dry and sometime flakes at the nose area, she is currently using a moisturizer and the weekly face mask. But with a few drops of the Mario Badescu Rose Hips and rubbing it over her face, she says it does wonders to her routine.
707	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Quality ingredients help to make this an effective product for keeping your face healthy. You are worth it. Invest in your health.
9435	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product works as well as the more expensive spa branded products. It is much better than plain soap and is very refreshing as well as having a nice fresh scent. Buying Zirh products makes sense because of the savings.
1962	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Essie nail polish and this will be a favorite of mine.  It looks like turquoise and that is my favorite color.

The color I received, however, left a lot to be desired. Whitney is a very blue toned Barbie pink. I've got skin that runs fair-to-light and has neutral undertones so it wasn't hideous but I did not care for it. It's very... Nicki Minaj. lol Just not my personal cup of tea. I would definitely try this again in a hue closer to what I like, perhaps Kate, Ava, or Lola.
6052	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream is heavy, and stays on and moist until morning. Fixed up my dry winter skin, and I still use it just because, now that my skin is soft again. I also use it on my knees and elbows.
1089	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is so good. I apply this with a very loose bristled brush on top of my makeup to create a light veil of powder. I have VERY oily, acne prone skin with large pores and flakey patches sometimes. I don't ever set my foundation with powder and sometimes not even my concealer. With this, I apply it after everything and it BLURS so well! And, it keeps my face matte longer than any other powder has. Even throughout sweating and 9 hours-wear my skin is still looking great! And this might seem like just another review but honestly NOTHING keeps me matte except this.
6354	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this brand but wasn't sure about an oil on my face.  I love the way the oil smells and my face looks and feels very hydrated.  It's amazing what happens to wrinkles when the skin is plump! I have gotten a lot of compliments on looking "fresh" and "happier" from friends this past week.  I can only attribute these compliments to my skin looking better than normal!


8596	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice assortment of bath oils.
I think it's extremely bold to sell four tenths of an ounce of foundation for $57 and I considered knocking this down at least one star for that.  But in marketing it's what the consumers will pay, and they are paying for this without a problem.
4116	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	worked well

8189	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a terrific product.  It has kept my nails long all winter.  I had given up using nail polish until I found Butter London.
Update: after just a few uses the brush started to lose hairs. I expected it to have a better quality than this.
8809	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Flexible Use On Combination Skin
159	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	love the color quality good as all OPI PRODUCTS
1695	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the matte look, i used to the like the shinny but Zoya and Opi opting for these matte looks they are great and so natural looking.  Nothing audcious about this,  Try it you will love it.
7915	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff... Perfect for my thinning hair and when I'm in between coloring...
7674	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Too rough for my sensitive skin...
3793	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Mario Badescu skincare for about 10 years now...love it and will never switch to anything else.
Very pleasant.  This is a keeper. Be careful when squeezing the tube as all you need is a little dab - it is easy to squeeze out too much.
This is also really concentrated; one squirt is enough to provide enough scent on me so as to not be overpowering.
3719	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	clean citrus smell. This product is mild foaming.  It dries out my skin a bit, but I do use a daily face lotion.
870	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is basically water in a spray can. I admit I was pretty dubious, but I LOVE the La Roche Posay brand, so was willing to give it a try. It's actually great! I use it both as a toner and to set my foundation. It makes my makeup blend into my skin a bit and gives me a glow-y look. I really like it!
5141	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a leave-in hair conditioner so a little goes a very very long way.

4630	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This serum is a great addition to my skin care routine. My face is noticeably brighter the next morning.
I took the advice of some others here and put the product into my hand first instead of directly into my hair. I rub in lightly into my palms and then into my hair. It takes three separate squeezes for my hair, but again, that's because my hair is greasy the day after I wash it. The end result is wonderful. It's not like actually washing my hair, of course, but it really dries up the grease and gives my hair body. I can easily go an extra day between washes now, which is going to make a huge difference in how my color holds over time.
961	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works really well, very happy with it!

1260	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only buy this on Amazon. Greta price!
2258	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this herbal toner for three weeks so far and it works great. My skin feels rejuvenated and looks good.
Small spray bottle.
5892	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The quality is poor and it's too expensive.
I get recurring acne on the left side of my face in a very localized area. Sometimes the acne will disappear for months, but it always comes back, and it usually lingers for awhile. When I started getting acne again after a long period of not having any, I decided to try this. I used it as a spot treatment on the few pimples that had popped up overnight. To my surprise, I only needed to apply it once, and the acne hasn't returned. I don't know if I would call it a miracle--perhaps I got lucky--but I am seriously impressed. Maybe it is the inclusion of hyaluronic acid that made the difference?
2844	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This item was not in the book.  There were there be two items one at $40 came
3639	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift for my husband after he completely ran out of all cologne ( even the Old Spice standby!). Delivery was speedy and the package arrived well packed with the contents protected. He (and I) love the scent...and who doesn't feel better when you know you smell gooood !
- Non-shiny as many of the fashionable lip balms are.
8778	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good and feel soft
9228	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is brilliantly weird. I don't really like the smell but it goes away after it has been applied. It truly works overnight to help diminish acne. I  have been using it for a week with the Mario Badescu enzyme cleaner and I adore both products.
3869	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Definitely lives up to its reputation. Makes soft/damaged nails stronger. Just follow the instructions and be patient for a month or two and you will have sturdy nails
Don't tell me that my toenails are tough to break. I have cheap clipper, from dollar store, that works on both finger nails and toenails. Come on. Have you tested your product on toenails?
6959	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am not normally a buyer of a lot of different face products.  I try to cleanse well and make sure I moisturize and use sunscreen, which I normally prefer as part of my moisturizing routine.  I have started using this but really only at night since I don't want to add sunscreen on top of this for day wear and am happy with my normal product.  This is pleasant, and light.  Actually, a bit lighter than I would expect, I expected something a little thicker.  The smell I expected to be more apple like but it was more of a citrus scent, but nice, nonetheless.  I would say this has done a nice job on my skin making it feel soft and may have eased a few fine lines but I don't know that I feel it is worth the price that is charged.  It might also work even better with their other products but I am not looking for a cleanser, and serum AND a moisturizer (thanks, I have other hobbies besides my face....).  I will definitely use this up and it should last a while, but overall, it was a nice product, glad I tried it, but I don't think for me that I will use instead of my tried and true.
1626	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great polish. It's a red jelly-cream (mostly jelly) which makes it super shiny. & it's more cool-toned, which tends to be universally flattering. I love it & I feel like it's a perfect red to wear anytime of year.


1748	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
4574	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this.  Will never be without.
28	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best price around, beats the mall.
1462	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lavender Perfector is awesome!  Sheer, but 3 coats diminish any yellowish tones. I wear it alone or under/over my other polishes.
2846	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really great stuff. Creamy but does not get caked in creases. Wears well throughout the day. A bit pricey but worth it to me. I have pretty bad circles and they are really diminished with this product. So glad it is also a safer alternative with healthier ingredients too!
5069	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I asked the resident neanderthal to test this for my review but he said only girly-men use a night cream so I tried it myself.
480	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like this product, and it's a thick cream that somehow doesn't settle into your skin in an unnatural way.  While their stick product is easier to apply, this Cover Creme is also pretty fast to apply, and it really stays in place.  The coverage is pretty opaque, but that's what makes it great for covering up things you want to conceal.  Finding the correct color online was a bit tricky, but the color I chose works well with my fair skin.
2. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL TRANSLUCENT LOOSE SETTING POWDER (NO SPF):
6824	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I saw Kylie Jenner use this on Snap chat and I when I looked it up I was surprised at how low the price was. It smells like alcohol, but works well. I use it at bedtime. Don't shake it!! Seems like this little bottle will last me a long time.
1406	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I hate the taste of most toothpaste. I started using Marvis when I saw some bundle packs of Italian toothpaste on sale. These taste very good. The Cinnamon Mint and the Amaretto Licorice were great, but the Jasmin Mint is the best. It is minty with a touch of Jasmin. This toothpaste does not foam up like most American brands do. It is free of SLS and fluoride. I do alternate with a fluoride toothpaste for sensitive gums, so it is really up to you if you feel you need fluoride or want to avoid it completely. The smaller sized tube is perfect for travel. This toothpaste is pricey, but I will buy it again.


2849	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This under eye concealer works very well at covering darkness under the eyes.  It also seems to cancel out some of the redness, although the yellow in the correction kit I also have does a better job at cancelling any red.  I mix both of the colors of this concealer together to use under my eyes.  A little bit is all you need; you don't want it too thick, because then it sits in your lines/crinkles and looks bad.  I really like this concealer!
Only when I smelled and used this soap did I realize how cheap and ordinary the chemicals from the spray cans are. I'm talking about Gillette, Schick, just about any spray can I've tried - LAME. This soap is it, even if you are using modern razors. It gives you a "respect yourself in the morning" feel instead of "oh, I gotta shave" feel.
1225	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It does what it claims!!
I envision this cologne being perfect for evening wear and Fall/Winter, maybe a bit too spicy for Summer and he agrees, I guess it depends upon your taste. He prefers a "shower smell" for the office. If you like a more "incense" type of scent vs green or woodsy, you'll probably enjoy this one but I honestly feel it's better to try it before blind buying. This is a huge bottle (very elegant for gift giving) which should last him a long time. There are lots of reviews from cologne "experts" (like Basenotes) that can answer any in depth questions about it's composition of essential oils if you're interested, I popped by there before selecting this fragrance (he's picky!). I can't really answer those questions personally, unfortunately! Highly recommended.
7837	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This has a unique feel when you push the foam out of the can, it has a feeling almost of mousse so it is lighter than most shaving cremes. A little bit goes a long way.
The ingredient list is long (a proprietary combination of skin firming agents, elasticizers and hydrators) but some of the main ingredients include: Sesame oil, sweet almond oil, Palmitoyl Pentapeptide-3, Algae Extract, Coneflower Extract, Licorice, Cocoa Butter, Shea Butter, Mango Butter, Peppermint Oil and retinyl Palmitate.
NEGATIVE
8249	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Too thick to apply properly.  Wouldn't buy again.
8791	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this serum, and notice a definate difference in the skin on top of my hands, which was starting to look crepey.  I've tried it on top of moisturizer and on it's own.  For me - it's too much in the hot humid climate I live in to have both a sunscreen moisturizer on and this product during the day.  Although I used the serum sparingly, it still felt sticky and tacky and I had to wash it off after an hour or so.  However, I do use it at night over my moisturizer with no problems. I do notice that the fine lines on neck and mouth are softened.  As I said, I also use it on the thin skin on my hands and have noticed a big difference, much more than using the hand cream alone. There is no odor to this product that I can detect.
392	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow. This Dermablend brand is amazing. I am no make up professional, but I have to say this cream cover goes on extremely well, and it covers any spot or blemish you have on your face. It does provide coverage, complete coverage. I found best used with an applicator. The tone matched the color extremely well, and it smoothes in nicely.
1882	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful and good price...


2174	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	There's no doubt that this cream is top-notch.  I've used inferior brands (inferior in terms of cost) such as Gillette and Barbasol, and Gillette was pretty good until I tried Proraso.  Perhaps it's my skin, but when I initially applied it, while still providing a soothing effect, the cream maintained a subtle sharpness.  It might've been the combination of the cream and a new badger brush.
1817	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very sheer color...which may need a few coats to make it look like it does here in the photo...but as with most ESSIE polishes...it is an absolutely beautiful shade.
3610	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product works. I have cystic acne on one side of my face and applying the buffering lotion overnight (a few dabs, rubbed into problem areas after cleaning skin) reduced the pain, redness and inflammation of my subdermal volcanoes.  It's awesome.  Thank you, Mario!
The other consideration is the bristle type. Do you want a mixed bristle brush like this one that is part boar bristle and part nylon? What is most comfortable and performs the best with your hair. This mixed bristle brush will work well for you if your hair is fine to normal and not too long or too thick. Otherwise, you'll need to go with the Detangler because the bristles are stiffer and can reach down through all of your hair to the scalp; the Detangler is the only Mason Pearson brush that can reach the scalp of extremely thick hair. Mason Pearson also makes an All Boar Bristle Brush for finer or shorter hair but I have never tried it.
The price is comparable to Garnier SkinActive Micellar Cleansing Water All-in-1 Cleanser & Waterproof Makeup Remover - though Garnier smells a little nicer (this is subjective).

I followed the directions ( wash hair, towel dry, apply product, comb through, let sit 5-10 minutes, rinse). I do not use any heat on my hair, allowing it to air dry. The results were shinier and better controlled hair than I have had in years. My hair looks healthier and prettier. It is far more sleek looking without being flat. It even feels better in my hands.

Notes: Watermelon, Mandarin, Pink Passion Fruit, Marigold, Green Apple, Water Hyacinth, Crushed Leaves, Tuberose Absolute, Wild Rose, Princess Lily, Tuberose, Caramel Creme Brulee, Vanilla, Precious Woods, Patchouli.
4969	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive, combination, acne-prone skin. As a result, most sets of skincare products are either irritating, too drying, or too oily for me. This set is practically ideal. The cleanser is gentle but effective, the toner removes surface oils, and the oil-free moisturizer compensates for the toner's drying effect while leaving the skin matte. Also, the set is very reasonably priced given the generous quantities involved: this is a 3-4 month supply.
501	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of the most frustrating aspects of purchasing makeup online is to figure out the best color for yourself. In MAC I wear NC50 pressed powder so I took a chance with this Dermablend color. When I opened the jar I was so disappointed because it looked way too dark and red for my color. I decided to try it on my skin anyway. It turned out that this is the perfect color for me.
I had read other reviews that using a cotton ball to apply ends up wasting the product.  So after cleansing, I squeezed a small amount in to my palm and gently massaged over my entire face.
9691	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best hand cream in the world. As a nurse I was always washing my hands, or using sanitizer, and my hands hurt. This product soothed my skin like no other cream. The scent is lovely, and it makes your skin feel great.
7624	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used this cleanser for several years and it did an excellent job of removing dirt and makeup without stripping my skin and making it feel tight. Highly recommend..


1389	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great product and covers up thinning hair areas very well! Highly recommended but make sure to use some hair spray so that the fibers will stay in place!
1062	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice, soft finish, finely milled powder that performs well and is somewhat forgiving in terms of shade.  It's non irritating to my sensitive skin and offers a good setting powder option for use with Dermablend cream products.  I have no issue with this product, but I don't see where or how it stands out from other powders; I frankly like my Almay powder just as much, even though it's far less expensive (and attempts far less specificity in it's color choices).  However, where this one stands out is in it's darker color range, as there is certainly offers more options than many other lines.  Still, I find there's enough transparency to these powders (I've worked with several shades on several different people) to allow several workable shade options for most people.  This is not an exact skin match hypercoverage powder.  As for ALL the colors I have tried, all the Amazon product images look lighter than the actual products, so when in doubt go for a lighter color.  Many of the darker shades lean a bit orange and the fairest tend cooler.
4192	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE IT
Do not wear nail polish with it... but with gorgeous nails like this, you'll be ok with the trade off.

816	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good moisturizer. It's light and pleasant to smell. Didn't come in any packaging, and the bottle felt pretty cheap for the price. Nonetheless, satisfied with the product.
5787	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best.  It was first recommended by my dermatologist, and I use with the Clarisonic.  My skin has been clear ever since.  Well worth the money!  It's the one product I'm loyal to!!

7492	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	CHI Silk Infusion is a great hair product. It left my hair very soft and shiny. Plus, it smells great. I like that it doesn't take a huge amount of product to get through my thick, wavy hair either.

9060	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best of class
5760	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great hold and leave hair shiny.
This has a nice texture and smell with no artificial fragrances or dyes.  The large number of plant extracts should be suitable for sensitive skin, although consider doing a patch test first, as always, if you are concerned.  I, personally, didn't have any issues.
9831	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm not a fan of woody perfumes, but I also love to try new things--even when I think I won't like them.  I'm glad I tried CLEAN White Woods because I really love this fragrance.
La Roche just has such a great line of products.  It's one of the only beauty lines I can use without any irritation.  Huge fan, another hit!
4343	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hi! Love this brand.
- Truly natural look. No glitter or pearlescence.
1149	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I don't think this made my skin worse, but I honestly can't say that I saw any difference from using it.
I have to be careful, because some powders plug my pores and create problems for my skin.  This powder hasn't been an issue at all.  My skin seems to love it and it hasn't created any problems with breakouts.
I switched from the cheap "can spray" foam, so I haven't tried many other high end shaving soaps and other products, but I am very pleased with Proraso (also had a bottle of aftershave lotion, but it was glass and I dropped it and it broke). The smell is exquisite, makes you feel like you're in a different income bracket ;) It tends to stay with you during the day, if you don't mask it with other fragrances, which is great!
2152	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't use it, the husband does   but  I love it. Smells so good. Feels so European, and looks so fancy schmancy in our bathroom. Much needed change from the ole Barbasol ( actually it was L'occotaine) . Bought on a whim because I read somewhere that it sells out  immediately , and naturally that meant we just had to have it
It's not gonna stay on overnight. It's not going to stay put on the sides or back under a hat. I've even tried holding spray and it will work but I personally have to gel my hair so hard that it's not favorable all the time. Those are the only downsides. Take it from me and my friends..it works and its amazing :)
5409	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for years.  It is a good product.
9982	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't have sensitive skin, but opted for this over the green or red thinking that a sensitive skin product would feel all the better. I just completed my first shave and came away loving it. The thick/stiff cream in the container loaded up very easily into my brush after squeezing out excess water. A little goes a long way, I loaded the tip and was able to get coverage 3 times over my face and neck with a single load. A nice slick lather was produced - I have never felt a razor glide so effortlessly over my skin. After shaving i noticed that my skin started to tingle. It felt like menthol. This might bother some but I loved it.

8756	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to give this Night Cream a try and so far i really like the results this doesn't leave my face greasy and absorbs into the skin fast .This has Chamomile and Vitamin A great protection from environmental damage,this can be used for sensitive and combination skin. I am impressed how soft and silky my Face feels in the morning. I could get away with no Make up if i choose to,this leaves my Face with a nice vibrant color. I have recommended this to a few Friends as a night cream because the results are great,seller was wonderful also,this cream was packaged in a cute Mario Badescu bag with samples and boxed perfect ,I plan on placing more orders soon with this seller.
 In other words ALL EXCELLENT ingredients NO junk/poison.
6017	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have this awful skin condition - Lichen Planus - from ruptured silicone breast implants (ladies beware), and this mask soothes it like no other.  In fact, I sleep in it at least 3 times a week.  It has a great texture and dries completely so that it won't smudge off on my pillow etc.  When I'm having a skin flare up this really calms the redness down.  The next morning after I've slept in it all night my face is much less red and swollen.  I will keep this mask as a part of my regular skin healing regime.  Mario has the best products!  I think I have almost all of them :)
7077	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just got it and really like it so far.
5720	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been thinking about doing a hair transplant to fill in those thinkin spots but a friend recommended toppik and i am totally satisfied and highly recommend it.

4549	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would hate to have to live without this product. I have fine, straight hair. I get it colored and cut at a salon which uses and sells Bumble and Bumble. As soon as I can, I wash that stuff out. It feels sticky in my hair and gives it no shine at all. If you want softness and incredible shininess, this is the answer.
Con: I am not a fan of the smell. It is actually hard to breathe after I have sprayed it (kind of takes my breath away) so I make sure to spray it on in a different place than where I am styling my hair or holding my breath. The aersol scent is similiar to that of something burning mixed in with bad cologne. However, the price, as well as the results, are so great that it is something I can overlook. Beauty has a price, does it not? ;)
To each his own.
Great product for dry, itchy hands.
9817	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lots of subjectivity in wet shaving preferences. A certain blade works great for one, but just will not work on another gent's face. Same goes for soap and creams. Keep in mind your mileage may vary. I love this soap. Lathers easily and is very, very slick. More slick than Proraso Green (which is a glorious product) making for an easier shave. Light, pleasant, clean scent. This soap really conditions your skin, too. Your skin feels soft all day. The Proraso Green is great, but sometimes you need a break from the menthol-blast-barbershop scent. I like to finish my shave with a wet alum block, cold water rinse, and a healthy handful of Clubman Original or Bay Rum aftershave splash. Enjoy!


Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.

2166	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is wonderful.  The smell is not bad, you really smell the eucalyptus and a little of the menthol.  It lathers up very nice.  This combined with a good quality blade gives you such a nice, close shave.  My wife even saw how smooth my face has been since using this stuff and how I have not razor burn or irritation and stole some to shave her legs and her legs were incredibly smooth and bump free.  It has a smell that reminds you of maybe some old school Barber shops. Good stuff.
4575	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I haven't used any other deodorant product for several years, except for this Calvin Klein product.  I do not use a product with an antiperspirant in it because of the studies done on women regarding breast cancer, and this product does an absolutely perfect job!  I love the fragrance, the deodorant stick, and the packaging.  I have always purchased this product from Amazon, and I highly recommend it!
This conditioner is one of the best I have ever used.
2656	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A delightfully light scent that reminds me very much of one of my all-time favorite scents: Fragonard Soleil Eau d' Parfum, which has proven to be tough to find at times. The scent is not heavy and one I can easily enjoy wearing daily due to its subtleties. It appeals to my mother who is in her 70's and my daughter who is in her teens, making me think it may also be a scent that would work for all ages of women who like a light, not overly floral scent.
If you are going to use this for photos such as special occasions, please keep in mind that any foundation with sunscreen in it will often give flashbacks on photos.  It is better to choose a foundation that does not have sunscreen if you plan to have special photos taken with this on.

871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had zero idea what this was when it showed up on my Vine queue. I have skin problems. Psoriasis, eczema and itchy skin especially around my calves and feet. I sprayed this on after a shower and could not believe I went the whole day without scratching!?? I'm on day #2 now. If this continues to work then wow. I can really stand behind this product.
The only positive thing I can say about this is the scent. It is neutral, and smells like baby powder to me. I like neutral scents because of my sensitive nose to fragrance. The consistency is medium-thick, and it is yellow in color.
Dermablend is excellent quality make-up.  It's designed to Cover: and it does just that.  Even though I've embraced my Lizard Spot, it's *wonderful* to apply a tiny bit of Cover Creme and have it disappear.  Many women view make-up as armor against a working world that judges any and every imperfection. I consider Dermablend an extension of my confidence. On those days when my discoloration in inflamed, Dermablend *is* a moral booster.  I've taken to calling it Confidence in a Jar.


7686	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't like to wash my hair everyday, this helps cut grease, increase softness and volume. Smells good too. Just don't wear dark clothes when applying
6751	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This curling iron really works on my hard-to-curl shoulder-length hair. The drugstore model I had bought does not. Perhaps it's because this one can get so hot (adjustable temp)and/or the metal it's made with (it's heavier than the one from the drug store) seems to be higher quality. And it does not damage or singe my hair. It works so well, the larger 1 1/2" version may have done the job, don't know...will stay with this one. Perhaps the slightly smaller, but still fairly large, barrel makes it so I don't have to hold it as long, maybe requiring less heat? The only thing I wish were different is that it does not have an automatic shut-off, and I keep leaving it on by accident--which would be a problem with young children in the house. Am wondering if the spare springs are needed because others do the same? Anyway, this curling iron has dramatically improved the look of my fine hair. I use it to add body at the ends, not for curly curls, but am sure it would also work well for curlier styles.

I've used a wide variety of eyebrow pencils over the years at a variety of price points. The best are easy to apply in that they don't seem to cake or clump and go on evenly (with a well-sharpened tip) and don't smudge; you can shape the tip as needed to give thicker or thinner lines. The consistency (a bit waxy but not too much), which you can't try before you buy, is a key factor in both application and longevity, once applied.
I'm a 40 yr old guy with thinning hair, but I still want to wear a pomp. Fortunately, I just have some thinning patches and not extensive balding such as MPB on top. Toppik works for me even if I use pomade to get the pomp look I like. I apply Toppik after greasing up and getting my hair partially styled. I'll add Toppik as needed to the thinning spots as I comb and style. The pomade actually seems to help keep Toppik adhering better and covers my thinning patches well. I've found that using a water based pomade as a base works best and then using a petrolatum/wax based pomade as a topper for shine really helps. I add the Toppik after applying pomades. You can add more pomade if you need to, but I usually then need to add a bit more Toppik since some will inevitably come out on your hands when applying pomade to hair that already has Toppik applied.
5714	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place. Instead of boosting his confidence, Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair.
HOW DO YOU APPLY THIS FOUNDATION?
My hair is slightly longer than shoulder-length and when I want all-day curls, I use this iron and after letting them relax, I apply hair spray.  For longer hair and a looser curl, buy the next size.
1107	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've tried transculcent powders in the past and have not been happy with them. I've seen Dermablend advertised on shows like HSN and QVC and often wondered. I ordered this along with other Dermablend products and I must say I like this setting powder better than my spray on setting spray, which can feel a bit sticky. Whether you have white, light or dark skin, I think the original (white) works just as well. It goes on looking light a light chalk, but once it sets, you can't tell and your make up looks flawless.
3)  Smells rather pleasant.  A lot like a cologne an ex-man-in-my-life used.  (I asked my husband if the scent was familiar to him and he said no, so this must have been in B.H. times [Before Husband].)
5310	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for years.  It is gentle on the skin and you do feel clean after using it.
8957	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a good quality curling iron.  I've had a larger version of it for years and it still performs quite well.
4220	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just perfect for my skin. Fair and sensitive.
I highly recommend it!

I will be adding this cleaning soap to my daily washing regiment.  I really liked it.
is like dust and doesn't look like hair at all. I recommend trying another product on Amazon. Perhaps
********
8639	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great moisturizer that keep skin soft and hydrated. Doesn't evaporate overtime. Smells good and a little goes long way. Great ingredients too.

3933	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best smelling and prettiest soap out there. Wonderful, but expensive. Good for gift giving.
I don't have many wrinkles aside from a few tiny ones at the corner of my eyes, but I didn't see any improvement in those. I didn't think my skin looked better or worse in general, except for the fact that using this serum made me break out in tiny pimples on my upper lip.
3033	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had a sample of this from Ulta. Loved it much more than my Vichy cleanser for my combination skin back then. After birth, my skin gets so dehydrated but I still give this a try. Luckily it works out well. Skin is very clean and no feeling of dryness.
440	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have heard of DermaBlend but never thought to try it! It is most definitely worth it!! It goes on so smooth and evenly! It is very light. Not caked on and looking like you have a ton of makeup on. It breathes well! I love it



7018	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Was not impressed - but would probably be a good fit for someone with more sensitive skin. I needed more than this.
4384	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	By far the best tanning lotion I've used. I am a regular user of sunless lotions, and I have tried about every one on the shelf. This lotion is lightweight and not as thick as many of the ones that are available. Best of all, there is no orange tint whatsoever!

609	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great base color for the lids
144	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OPI has the most vibrant and long-lasting colors. This raspberry shade is very flattering and always gets compliments.
2983	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this and mascara are the only makeup products I use. I love the color of this balance and brighten shade. I normally put it all over my face and then go back and contour. it eliminates having to buy blush plus I have rosacea and blush usually makes it worse. This works two ways as an all over makeup and a great contour using the number three method. I would definitely recommend this product.
7711	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Did nothing for me. I have curly frizzy hair.  No help from this product.
8820	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cleansing gel gives me that enzyme exfoliation that my skin needs without irritating my sensitive skin. It has a light, fresh scent and great consistency.

9703	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best hand cream I've ever used, and I'm in my late sixties so I've used a lot of hand cream.  It's thick and soaks right in, not leaving your hands greasy, but soft and supple.  When I give it as a gift, my friends are always delighted because it's a bit pricey and they'd think twice before buying it for themselves.  But every time I give it to someone who's never used it before, I get rave reviews.  All of us old ladies love this stuff!
9557	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love all of the Jane Iredale products in general, and this one doesn't disappoint. It is a light formula and can be used as a sunscreen or as a base under your powder while still giving you UV production.
1146	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great
2338	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I generally love Baxter of California products--they're clean, nicely-scented, and seem to be made of high-quality ingredients. This moisturizer is no exception. What I really like is how totally non-greasy it feels. It blends immediately into your skin and leaves absolutely no residue. Plus, it provides great moisturizing.
For example:
The good news is that, even if these Baxter brand items were 'inspired' by similar items already on the market, it does seem like they have been able to improve them. As it turns out, I've always longed for a gentle Cetaphil cleanser that was slightly soapier - and here it is! I enjoy Sea Breeze, but it's too strong for my sensitive skin. Hooray! A slightly gentler Sea Breeze. The moisturizer is pretty generic, but I'm happy that it is fragrance free, oil free, and doesn't make my face look like a sticky mess.
Having said that, I have to give this product five stars because it does what it's meant to do, and does it well. It was very easy to apply, felt comfortable on the skin, and gave a smooth, even coverage.
3393	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The more OPI polishes I buy, the more I'm convinced it's the best brand available. (I also like Revlon, which has similarly smooth formulas with good coverage and a large selection of colors.) I've never had an OPI polish streak, clump, or lose "hairs" from the brushes (like with other polish brands), and the colors are rich and gorgeous.
1744	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Product received on time. Love the color!

Very nice products indeed.  Enjoy!
7337	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is styled as a three-step skin care regimen, and overall it is pretty good, but has one particularly great component.
3172	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	item exactly as described great quality fast ship
The BEST facial moisturizer I've EVER tried -- and I've tried many...

This is the first item in this line of Dermablend cosmetics from LOreal that Ive received, and it is my very favorite.  It covers my skin imperfections well.
So, I was nearing the end of the jar, and I began to notice that my forehead lines were softening and my laugh lines were also not as noticeable as before. I was officially sold on this product! Not only had it basically cleared up my skin (aside from a hormonal related pimple here and there near my cycle), but my skin also appeared so much more youthful!
7870	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I took the advice of another reviewer and bought small container.  First time used I was very surprise of how easy and well it covered bald spot in back of head.  Stayed on for 2-3 days and not messy.  Wish I had found sooner instead of wasting a lot of time trying to cover up back, bald line.  UPDATE:  FORGET THE SPRAY.  It is hard to use, sprayer sticks and substance not good.  Plain air spray just as good, if not better
I guess that's really all I have to say. So, for the price, I would not buy this product. Read the other reviews though, this may be just personal preference.
Over patted dry skin
There is a con though.  The name is misleading calling it an 'herbal' hydrating serum.  I took this to mean it was a more natural product with more herbs, herb distillations in it.  Here is the ingredient list:Aqua (Water,Eau),Glycerin,Propylene Glycol,Dimethicone,Carbomer,Gingko Biloba Leaf Extract,Panax Ginseng Root Extract,Triethanolamine,Dimethiconol,Caprylyl Glycol,Cyclopentasiloxane,Ethylhexyl Cocate,Hexylene Glycol,Sodium Chloride,Phenyl Trimethicone,Glycolipids, Lecithin,Phenoxyethanol,CI 42090 (Blue 1),CI 19140 (Yellow 5)
On the third shave, I used the pre shave, which really coats well.  Then I wet the brush, and lathered up some shave cream.  Brushed my face with the warm cream.  Like going back in time.  Enjoyable.  My electric rotary shaver did a great job.  Had to wash the lather off the shaver halfway through.  It always slows down with gel too.
4917	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Mario Badescu!!
HOW DOES THIS PERFORM?
First, this deodorant isn't overly strong smelling. I am not a fan of a huge perfumey odor and this does not have one. Next, this goes on very clear and does not get all over my clothes. The last and biggest thing is it doesn't irritate me. I do get a little sweaty under my arms at times and I am a little ripe at the end of the day. But I expect those things because I work a hard job.
First of all, I don't think it met the claim of being "truly skin like," but I also don't know of any other product that does (and find that to be a difficult aim for a powder finish foundation).  While applying it does come close to being skin like, but if you go the tiniest bit heavy the results are too powdering for my taste.
6230	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Would order again!
The Futur is also quite heavy at 4.5 ounces but perfectly balanced. Unlike the Merkur slant bar with it's ferocious gaping jaws there's nothing about the sleek and sexy styling of the Futur to caution you visually to treat it with respect. The razor itself is an incredibly crafted precision instrument that really does work as great as it looks.

3034	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	my skin doesnt like this lotion. it feels very uncomfortable after i applied it.
7078	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fits the Original Super Solano I purchased. Diffuses the heat nicely and my curls look great. What else is there to say?
That said, my husband and I BOTH really like it. It has a very light scent which is both subdued and pleasant. It does a good job of exfoliating and rinses off well. The 4 oz. tube seems to be going quite far even with twice a week usage, as recommended.

9453	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this stuff religiously and it has made a tremendous difference in my skin.  I get compliments all the time.
If you're misting without locking in the moisture, then you're just drying out your face. Ever spray a paper towel with water and let it dry? It gets stiffer and stiffer, drier and drier b/c of the law of osmosis. This is mirrored especially in dry weather, where the action of humectants is reversed and they will actually suck moisture out away from skin. That's why it's so important to lock in the water with something occlusive.
I really like nailpolish colors like this.  I have quite a selection in the oxblood/deep red/wine/reddish purple family, including glitters, cremes, shimmers, etc.  So I expected to love the color of this even before I bought it!

9746	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This moisturizer is a deliciously rich cream for your face.  It sinks in quickly though, so it doesn't feel like you're wearing a mask.  I have to have this in the winter...I have dry skin and most moisturizers don't quite do the trick!
6446	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an unusual product that is sort of moisturizer booster. I already use some pretty intense serums and moisturizers for my normal to dry skin. Honestly, when I applied this serum after my moisturizer, as instructed, I didn't notice much of a difference, possibly because I already use some serious moisturizers. Directly applied to the skin, it soaks right in without leaving a greasy, sticky feel behind. When I tried it again, this time mixing two drops in with my moisturizer, I did notice a slightly more hydrating feeling to my moisturizer. So that is the way I'll use it from now on, or alternately as a serum under the moisturizer. I do love Mario Badescu products, but don't think I'll replace this serum after it runs out. I gave it a 5 mainly because I really like the texture of the product and ease of application.
6938	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always use after I wash my hair. Leaves my hair smelling wonderful and shiny.  Also helps with styling my hair as well.
6605	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a good quality curling iron.  I've had a larger version of it for years and it still performs quite well.
I used to use Mario Badescu spray earlier but that made my face too shiny. This works better. It contains water and glycerin with some herbal ingredients to hydrate and protect the face. It's a bit expensive so I am rating it 4 stars.
5159	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I've bought several of the NIA skin care products; I bought this product from a medi spa where these products were really being pushed. I applied it exactly as directed and a few hours later broke out in pus-filled hives to all areas applied to...decolletage & throat,hands,forearms,neck and lower face. Now you may think...maybe it was something else that made the hives pop up? ...but the thing was you could actually see exactly where my hands & fingers had applied it to my skin and it happened 2 x's, the first time I was not sure it was this product,Sun Damage Repair Decolletage & Hands...but you could see the trail of where my hand & fingers had applied it...all red w/ small pustule-like bumps/hives...it left brown spots after healing. It left my skin damaged w/ brown spots where the pustules/hives had been...now I have to do TCA peels to remove the brown scarring I was left with. I will not use this again and I'm using up other NIA24 products and going back to exclusively to Perricone. I am ok with some of the other NIA24 products but they do seem to contain high amounts of waxy substances that leave a residue on my facial skin.
6950	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm a male 35 male with normal hair that has thinned a bit as I've aged, but I' not balding or anything. My hair isn't real thick anymore though. I got a sample of this conditioner (the older product Moisture Scentsation. I liked it so much I had to buy this 33 ounce big bottle of conditioner and shampoo! The conditioner is slightly less potent than the previous product it replaced Moisture Scentsation, but with all the  extra amount you get for the cheaper price, you can still get the same effect by using a bit more conditioner.
320	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got my nails painted this color at my local nail spa and loved it so much I ordered it! I put it on my nails the day it came in the mail and was wonderful as expected! Came super fast and was super affordable for such a great quality brand and how large the bottle is and the bottle came very full.
7539	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a generous sample sized jar.  It is my 3rd little jar of this size.  I find they last about 2 weeks each with 1x nightly use, or a bit less if used more often, because a little of this goes a long way for me. I think this small jar is overall a good value, and certainly, big enough to really have a chance to work, if it is going to, for any given individual.  If you like it, then you can buy the larger sized jars.
It can really heat up on the high heat & high air setting so much so that I normally use it on the medium heat, low air.  I find the highest air setting blows too much for styling.  When I use it on high air, I make sure to turn down the heat or use the cold air button.
This contains apple cider vinegar, so it *does* smell like vinegar when you first apply it.  The smell doesn't linger, though, more than a few minutes.  It's been less than an hour since I used it and I can't smell it at all any more.  So it's perfectly OK to use in the morning before work!
What I really like about these pomades is the natural look and feel they leave and the ease that they wash out.

9554	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great
9106	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This curling iron is the best curling iron I have every used! I used my friend's to curl my hair for a wedding I was in, and I bought one soon after! It works very well!
I hated shaving! My skin always got irritated and burned after! Then I tried this stuff after watching hours of videos, I broke down and gave it a whack. Now mind you I'm in a wheel chair so it is harder for me to shave and I get worn out in my chair quickly!!!! After using this I look forward to shaving I can't wait for the stubble at 5pm or 5am to show up cause I'm going to shave... I will spend the extra 10 min to get outta  bed to go through the procedure to shave ! My skin comes out so smooth and irritation free!!!!!! And the girlfriend really noticed a difference! Spend the money, spend the time to learn , spend the time to treat your self to something fun and comforting !!!
3589	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm 65 and have always had the occasional breakout. Who knows why, hormones, lack of sleep, a bad food choice - whatever. However, about 6 years ago I started getting deep cysts, that although small - once present NEVER went away. First 1, then a second, then a third...panic! The dermatologist proclaimed it cystic rosacea gave me an antibiotic plus Retin A and informed me that it wouldn't do much good. He was right. Didn't help at all. Over the last few years I tried everything. Clarisonic facial brush, African Black Soap, 20 different brands of cleansers & treatments - none helped much. And then I tripped over this Mario Badescu Buffering Lotion. I'm on my second bottle and I'm delighted with the results. All of the newer cysts are totally gone, and the original ones are shrunken down to tiny lumps that are smaller every day. I couldn't be happier! I use it morning and night every day. I have zero dryness or flaking and recommend this to all of my friends with cystic acne problems.
1392	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very good product and really does give the impression that you have more than you really do! I highly recommend if you are looking for a quick and easy way to cover up thinning hair!!
5501	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This stuff is seriously awful. I was looking for a change from ORLY top to bottom because of its bluish tone and bought this. I didn't need to straighten my nails, but thought that something extra is always a plus.
584	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	"Never cakey or masky" - not true.  This is very cakey and shows every line and wrinkle.  It does cover dark spots well but it looks like you are wearing stage makeup.  I like the high spf to protect from UV rays but otherwise it is not for me.
buyers need to trust them  and buy it because i have great positive feel with them.
1376	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place. Instead of boosting his confidence, Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair.
2074	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color is true to the picture! I think it's a perfect color for fall, and I received the product a day before my expected delivery date! I am very pleased.
I recently purchased the color Taupe. Since Amazon only lets you review one color of an item, I wanted to add my comments about the Taupe. It is the perfect color for eyes and lips. It is a very subtle brown for your eyes and a little darker on the lips. It is great for the "I'm not wearing any makeup, I'm just naturally beautiful" look. I pair the lip liner with the sugar and butter lip duo set and it gives you a perfect neutral color with a tiny tint of color. On the eyes it gives you some color without being too made up or overbearing. Great choice for an all in one lip and eye pencil. I'll update as I purchase additional colors.
9040	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It gets pretty hot but my didn't hold curls for so long like other curling irons I have. But it is very easy to curl and I like it so far.
2) Makeup feels light going on and doesn't feel thick or greasy once applied.  (It feels like a good-quality sunscreen, actually.)
1319	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have ordered Toppik before and it must have been the real thing because it worked better. This one
6548	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very good cream, I have seen improvement in the texture and elasticity of my skin
5249	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This neck cream does seem to work.  Although right under my chin doesn't look much better, my neck itself does look better and firmer with fewer lines.

5954	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just love love love Butter London polish... the quality is wonderful and the colors are so vibrant! Goes on with ease!
2861	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife loves this one.  We have been buying the same at amazon and other places for years.  From what I understand, this product is unique and works very well.
1151	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As with all the PCA products I have, this one smells equally bad. But the smell will go off after a few minutes. It's not sticky, and I really feel my face less dry after using. Minus one star for the smell.
7044	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If your skin is dry this a a great product.
4132	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	a must have if you use toppik. not sure why they don't just package this with the product but I guess it's to keep costs down.
Smells pleasant with a flowery and rose-esque fragrance.


6558	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It is good, but as the light moisturizer and refreshing use I want to give it throughout the day, I must say that I still rather the Evian Mineral Water Spray.
7530	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's decent.  No better or worse than any other.  Seems okay.
7503	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the way this felt on me and I was so excited to get it so I could see if it could give my decolletage a more youthful appearance.  The problem is the fragrance.  I love the smell but it was way to strong for me.  I am sensitive to fragrances so it probably seems worse to me than others.  I just wish in repair creams they didn't feel the need to make them so perfumed.  It's just too close to my nose and I kept feeling allergic.  I finally had to go wash it off.  I won't dock it a lot of stars because that's my personal opinion, but I wanted to let people know there is a strong fragrance in here.  As I said, the smell is wonderful but just irritating to me.  I'm disappointed because I so wanted to use this more than I was able to.  The cream itself is very creamy and it stays on well.

1321	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am African American and have been a fan for quite a while. I use black for my thin edges. I recommended it to a church member who has some thinning issues. She reported that she loves it as well. I also use the spray applicator and holding spray which works well. However, I can just shake the powder on and go without the accessories and it stays all day. Non one can tell a thing.
One piece of advice: a little bit goes a long way. You can probably do your whole face by starting with a nickel-sized dollop. So make sure not to spray too much because it keeps expanding as you put it on your face! And given the high price, it's good that a little goes a long way!

2736	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Looove this color. It is the exact shade of my eyelids, and I've been told repeatedly that my features are enhanced with only having a little on, because women don't want to show such a great difference when wearing or not wearing makeup. I highly recommend it!

2693	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just what I was looking for! Great brow high lighter and it lasts all day!

1620	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had been looking for a nice Hunter Green polish and feel in love when I saw this one on Amazon. It is the perfect color that I wanted. Pairs nicely with purple. Zoya is a quality polish and I will continue to use. Love it.
3511	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Spray not working!! I tried to open the nozzle with a needle, put it under hot water, to no avail. I just wasted close to $10 on a non-functional hair spray. Very, very disappointing.
The idea of spraying spring water when I'm already outside and dirty is not appealing, but this is great for a light moisturizing spray, in place of or in addition to moisturizing lotion. Or after the lotion has dried up a bit.
2233	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has to be BY FAR the BEST yet LEAST expensive such product ever created. In just 3-4 days of use nightly you see a remarkable difference in your skin. It dries up any break-outs, smooths texture, exfoliates dead skin, and makes your skin look younger and smoother. You could pay hundreds of dollars in treatments and not get the results such as this product gives for 2 months for practically nothing. A winner. A must have guy or girl.

4168	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dave's Wife:

9732	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always love this product. very nice Have been using this products for over 12 years!!!
115	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So cute!!
8428	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this mask about once a week, it gives my skin such a lovely glow and evens out my complexion, which can get irritated easily due to the microdermabrasion treatments and peels I put it through.  Unlike a lot of masks with clay, this does not irritate or dry out my skin, it just refreshes it and leaves it smooth, soft and even.
I can't really speak to the long-term benefits, but as far as the short-term goes. It feels nice on my face and a little goes a long way, so I would imagine the full-sized bottle would last for quite a while.
Some of the reviews I've read complain about the snap off top but my experience has been that it's no more or less dangerous than changing a blade on any other DE - you have to use caution and pay attention to what your doing. Although the Merkur Slant Bar still remains my favorite, I would recommend the Futur to anyone. Newbies can start low and work their way up to more aggressive settings as they get more comfortable. But always avoid the temptation to bump up before you're ready.
534	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very good cover cream. Goes on smoothly, doesn't cake and is especially good for undereye discoloration. Looked great after application and stayed that way all day. I didn't even use any setting powder and it looked good and stayed on. Perfect color match too
I don't have the setting powder by Dermablend, but felt my regular powder worked well.
One suggestion for Toppik company is to make the darn container transparent - it is completely opaque, so there is no way to know when you are running out, except to shake it in the sink. Dumb, as people would order sooner, if they knew they were running low.
759	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Not being a Cologne Connoisseur,  I cannot verify the authenticity of this cologne (I see other reviewers complaining about it not being the real thing). However, this does smell really good. The term "woodsy" comes to mind. My teen son has been trying out cologne for when he needs to go to more formal events. This is a good one. It smells good but is not over-powering. I don't like to smell someone before I even see them. This scent is warm and herbal and woodsy. A fresh, clean scent that is good for any event.
I have used it for a year. I must say it has satisfied me. Will continue using it.
9719	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this Burberry scent. It's very light with a little twinge of citrus and floral (in my opinion).  It's a huge bottle and one spray is quite strong, so it will last a long time. The bottle is so pretty and feminine. Love it!
So while this may have long-term benefits, I am unable (unwilling) to re-use this.
I have compared this to a few colors I have access to at the moment and can tell you this color, medium beige Chroma 2 1/2 is:

1589	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Brighter than it looks on net.
4544	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A hairdresser used this on me several years ago and it is amazing. It makes my hair silky and straight, although sometimes I feel like my hair's a bit too greasy since I've had coarse, dry hair for 50 years. A bottle lasted me two years, using just a dab of it every other day after a shampoo. So I don't know how they can make money on this when I only buy four bottles a decade.
Easy to use -- and 1 bottle lasts a LOOOOONG time (like 6 --8 months)..
2788	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to wait a while to do this review, but now over three months, so I feel comfortable with it. I should first say I'm " new " to the world of shaving cream. For over 30 years I've just used a dry electric razor. For Christmas, I decided to treat myself with a new Panasonic wet/dry shaver, and decided to go all the way with a shaving cream and even a brush. I love the shaver ( different review ) but tried a few times dry and was nothing special. With this cream, it's amazingly close and not at all uncomfortable. The cream feels really good, rinses easy, and is very easy to rinse from the shaver.
I love
638	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the only makeup my rosecea skin will tolerate
6410	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this product. It doesn't dry out my face, but it does leave a strange film on the skin. I do what other reviewers have recommended and wipe my face with toner afterwards to remove the rest of the residue. I personally don't mind and enjoy the product, but I don't recommend it for people who prefer a highly cleansing and clarifying mask.
Non-greasy: I didn't experience any break-outs
4637	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got this to go with my Juice Beauty Green Apple Age Defy Moisturizer (which I love) and it is a very nice serum. There is no scent, it's not greasy feeling, and it absorbed quickly into my skin. I was previously using Philosophy's When Hope is Not Enough serum. I found the two to be very comparable, so the deciding factor for me comes down to price. Here on Amazon, Juice Beauty's serum is $52 for 1 oz. Philosphy's is $30.96 for 1 oz.  That's a savings of $20. Since I really didn't see any observable difference in my skin switching from one serum to the other, I have to go back to the lovely and less expensive Philosophy.
2967	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this Bliss Fabulous Face Wash for years and noticed that compared to my cream face washes, this is relatively strong. I have stopped using it during the dry, winter months but use it regularly during the summer.  It bubbles and has a slight scent.  It exfoliates and leaves my skin feeling clean. I find that the bottle lasts for a long time, I rarely need a full pump to wash my face.

In other words, this alone isn't a miracle product.  But if the rest of your routine is solid and meant for hydrating or anti-aging it can help ensure your products fully penetrate and aren't stopped by dead skin.
I really love this product, it's keeper, definitely would recommend to all.
7167	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this thickening spray.  It adds body and texture without weighing my hair down.  It also adds some heft to individual strands making them look thicker and more voluminous.  I've started layering this spray with a styling spray (Suave) because my hair is really hard to hold and I found that I needed some extra support in order for my finished style to last a couple of days.  The two products work well together and there's no stiffness or crunchiness at all. But you don't have to do this because this spray works well all by itself.  I have a layered long bob (a lob) and I wanted something that would define the layers while adding some heft to my tresses.  This spray gives me incredible body and my hair is light and bouncy and responds really well to styling.  I let my hair air dry overnight and use a curling iron in the a.m. to create beachy waves.  This spray is definitely activated by heat and the volume increases as heat is applied but if you just want texture, you don't have to use heat at all. I really like this spray and its thickening properties and its ability to give my hair loads of swingy body.  It was a good purchase for me.  Amazon has the best price on this product btw.  My local Ulta sells this spray for $16 and I think I paid $10ish on Amazon Prime.  I definitely recommend this spray, especially for fine hair.  If you want more thickness, body and texture, give this product a whirl.

3871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent

2886	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff. Actually works unlike so many other brands.

4275	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great for travel! No more carrying small bottles of sunless tanner - now I just tuck a few of these in my carry on and ready to go.

1051	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Solid Setting Powder was used by a friend who has beautiful olive colored skin with minor imperfections in conjunction with Dermablend Cover Creme Foundation. She was attending an outside summer gathering in very warm conditions so was especially concerned her skin, which tends to be oily and prone to breakouts with some products, might appear shiny or makeup might run and need to be reapplied as the afternoon wore on. She had never tried a setting powder before and was surprised that though the product is white it went on completely invisibly. She applied it only once and buffed it with a makeup brush. She said it has an effect of seeming to absorb any oils without any caking and still felt weightless. This was a free product in exchange for a fair and honest review, but she reported that she will definitely now include it in her normal daily makeup routine and will purchase it when this sample supply is exhausted.

9059	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I returned this item as it didn't work after one use. I've had this brand before, really liked it so I was very disappointed. Also the design was different. For the money I expected much better.
This works fabulously; it is creamy and it stays put; it is smart just as the LOreal Dermablend Professional Cover Crme, because it has that strength of sunscreen that my dermatologist recommends, even as I am in my home, shades drawn, as my dermatologist has warned about.  I have already sun damage under my right eye where there is a dark spot.  This covers very well, looks flawless with or without other products, yet it works synergistically with the wonderful LOreal Dermablend Pro line. I have it in a tan color, and I would have thought since I usually use lighter shades of concealers that it would not have looked so perfect with my medium skin. Lovely. Plus 1,000%, and very smart.

The only con is that it smells kind of bad, like sulpher.

4617	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this moisture cream for almost a week. I love it! My skin feels soft, and looks radiant! I give this five stars and a big thumbs up!
So why only 4 stars -- well, the truth is that the hard product in the jar isn't that easy to use. I didn't use the "scoop" and just twirled my fingers in the jar. It would be easy to overdo this. It is essential to get the right color for your skin and there is a handy chart on the website to use. I was thinking that a sponge might help with application, but I find that those just waste a lot of product. I also use a powder to set it. It is definitely thicker than my usual make-up and it's important to apply thinkly to avoid the "caked-on" look.
7835	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you shave and get skin rashes because you have sensitive skin, this is a great product for you. And even though this is for men, you know we women use the men's shave products also. I have extremely dry skin and eczema and psoriasis an this helps shave the forest and leaves my skin feeling moisturized and you don't see as many dry streaks, less redness and less problem areas. I will certainly be using this more often. My husband will never know this could have been his...of course, he is very set in his ways and has used pretty much the same shaving products for years. It took 20 years for me to get him out of the old shaver to a new one. I will need to wait another twenty to get him to switch shaving products.
2050	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Essie polishes. Essie products are very consistent in the quality. It goes on smoothly and dries very fast.
I DO use this over my hyaluronic acid serum and am certain that it's helping to bind the moisture of this cream to my skin that much better, and maybe it's the combination of these two products that are giving me such dramatic, rapid results, but honestly, this is one of the very best eye creams I've ever tried and I have tried a LOT.  From the obscenely expensive to the cheap as they come variety, this one has them beat, hands down.  I seriously love this eye cream, and as someone who generally despises them, that's saying a lot!
Being in a jar, it is a pain to use.

1498	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great color..last a long time
Might just be my skin, but sadly this is a no-go for me.
8196	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This may be a pricey item, but after purchasing it 12 months ago and using it once a week every week, there is about a half bottle of product left.  In the bottle it looks a little darker nude than it is when applied. This is a fast drying product but wait about 10 minutes for the surface to become really hard, then you have a good base for 2 coats of nail polish (wait 10 min between each) and finally (after 10 min) apply Butter London Top Coat.  The base coat and top coat can be purchased in a set on Amazon--good idea.  I use this with China Glaze, OPI, Orly and Butter London with wonderful results--smooth, long lasting and professional looking results.
2392	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is an old name in perfume, but I hadn't tried it before.  It takes just a small spritz to last a long time and provide all the scent I want.  (PSA:  A little scent is nice, a lot is not nicer - go easy with whatever scent you want to use.  Especially if you are in an office or work area where others have no choice but to inhale your perfume.)
But the Jouer is exactly right!  It leaves my lips looking natural but seems to fill in the fine lines so they look plumper or more full.  It's not overly shiny like gloss and it doesn't add any noticeable color like lipstick.  It stays on for most of my work day, sort of feels like a protective coat is over the top, which has been great on windy days - my lips don't feel dry, so I don't lick them and they don't get chapped.  It doesn't have any noticeable taste or smell.  I'm sold on this stuff and will definitely be keeping this in my purse from here on out.
The fact is this is a fresh smelling lotion that is not too florid but imparts a sort of serene sensation after bathing. It goes on with ease and leaves my skin soft and pliant and feeling really fresh. I have extreme dry skin in the winter months, but this works great whenever because it isn't greasy and doesn't clog pores.
Propylparaben
2002	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my sister who loves nail polish.  It arrived very quickly and she was so happy with the color.  She gets compliments on it all the time, and like other Essie polishes, it doesn't chip easily.
This was perfect for everyday use, for the office, for meetings with vendors and executives, and even the occasional night out. Good casual product for the stylish gentleman.
9063	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Blades do not contact properly and the handle is uncomfortable and gets WAY too hot.
Causes me no breakouts, redness or pink blotches, no itching or burning, no stinging to the eyes and has been gentle on my skin.
So when they say no chips - they mean it - because the polish doesn't have a chance to chip!!  It just peels right off!

3664	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My main concern with self-tanners is an even application and results that do not look ridiculous. The mousse is easy to apply without streaking and consistently a warm tan color without an underlying self-tanner orange hue.
The product looks very natural.  It goes on thick but blends easily.  Has a light feel on the skin.  Does not feel heavy.  Skin feels smooth, no "sandy" feeling.  Can hide some flaws or imperfections and gives your skin a smooth and even appearance.  We recommend that you blend it in your palms before applying to your skin.
I use this every day and it makes a huge difference, plus it bulks up the roots of your hair.
2847	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just what I needed to cover the light circles under my eyes!
9570	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A remarkable, and subtle luxe scent.  Being an EDP, a little goes a long way.  It is not over-powering but a lingering  terrific scent.
I applied this first with a fingertip.  I only needed a small amount in the center of my face to look flawless.  While this is not heavy coverage, it is more than enough coverage to even out redness.  If you need heavier coverage, this won't work for that. But for light natural beautiful looking coverage, like you have naturally perfect skin, this is beyond anything I've tried before.  It looks the way good airbrushed makeup can look.  It gives a very smooth even glowing finish, neither oily nor waxy.
7639	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Active Ingredients
5640	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product since 2 years ago and now I can not live without it.  My hair is too thin and not abundant so when I use it, is like having instant blower

2711	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bioelements products are Great.  The crucial moisture does not feel sticky or tacky and goes on smooth.  You don't need to use very much to cover your face.
623	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great foundation if you have normal/oily skin.  It great quality and goes on easily.  My aesthitician (sp) recommended this product and I can say it has truly been wonderful. I use this and sometimes the compact to keep it switched up a bit.  The product is good for your skin and provides great coverage.  It goes on very mat but when your natural skin oils it looks great. I highly recommend this product.
2202	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great. I use it under my eyes and anywhere else I need to hide a blemish.
Applying Toppik is fairly simple.  Begin by sprinkling it a little at a time until you see the desired effect.  If you are placing it near your hairline, Toppik offers a tool for putting it in a small, defined area.  (I just hold a tissue on my face to avoid having it settle on my skin.)  The top of the jar is wide so, if you want to cover a very small area, the tool could be quite handy.
5692	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have some thinning in my part, and have been using Joan River's Great Hair Day for years. It gives a slight itch sometimes but is easy to brush on and gives full coverage. I bought the Toppik after reading reviews of no itch and how it works better than Great Hair Day. I kept shaking it on my head and it didn't look like the powder even came out. Then I slowly see a pile of powder forming on my hair, and I had to mix it in with my fingers. I even tried using the Great Hair Day brush, to no avail - the brush didn't pick up on the Toppik powder. I used the Toppik applicator for parts which I bought seperately, but that didn't work well either. I'm back to using Great Hair Day and the Toppik is sitting ignored in my closet.
5946	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This polish seemed to be very long lasting, I went 2 weeks without it chipping. The color is beautifully vibrant & I got a lot of compliments on it.

5464	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Forget cheap drug store chap stick. This stuff is the best lip product I've ever used!
Cetaphil left my skin feeling neutral, which I thought was good. I hated the cleansers that left my face feeling dry. But this leaves my skin feeling moisturized without feeling greasy. And, as a bonus, it is Paraben Free! I even use it to remove my make up, which I think is doubly important since I suspect I might be developing ocular rosacea.
"Weekend for Women is a feminine fragrance with a contemporary, refreshing, citrusy tone. A sheer fragrance with top notes of tangerine, tree sap and reseda plant. Delicate floral heart notes of wild rose, peach blossom, iris and hyacinth, invigorated by a subtle splash of nectarine. The low notes of cedar wood and sandalwood add depth for a relaxed and fresh scent."
3747	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Most facial sunscreens caused my skin to break out, which is very frustrating.  This was given to me by my dermatologist.  It is a great sunscreen, can be worn under makeup without an issue, and works well.  I would highly recommend it.
9077	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hair looks great!
 I have very sensitive skin and it works amazingly; my face has never felt so soft. I use it every day after I get out of the shower. Two pumps is more than enough to leave my face feeling soft and smooth. I also recommend trying other Jack Black products. They are expensive but they are with the price.
I do not have oily skin.

Otherwise, it is a fine delicate perfume that is not overpowering or sickly.
Absolutely advise against using this if you have combination skin. I feel Elemis is heavily marketing this product because its unqiue and can generate high profits due to its absurd price. Consider purchasing natural flower/herbal oils instead. I do not trust these reviews posted and suspect a marketing campaign behind it.
This cleanser doesn't irritate my sensitive skin.  It has a pleasant fragrance, though it would be even better if there were no fragrance at all.  The tubes are generously sized, and a small amount of cleanser goes a long way.
PS - and yes, I did try the hottest setting, using small sections of hair, and holding the curls for six seconds each, a number I saw an online video as being how long you need to hold for curl-resistant hair.
The color is nice- very close to MAC Lingering or Tarte Taupe brow pencils in color.
7765	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is worthy of buying
5265	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used to think that all cleansers were equal but this facial wash really makes a BIG difference in my skin and I now use it religiously. It keeps the oil production under control without overdrying my skin and well after a year+ of use, my skin has not plateaued using this facial wash. In a nutshell, I LOVE it!
Today, I had the privilege of reviewing John Varvatosis' Eau de Toilette spray.  I'm an Eau de Toilette kind of guy, I wear either that or cologne everyday and when I find a scent that I like, I'm pretty loyal.  Back in the day, the scents had name (Earl Grey, Joop, Number 6, Polo,) now they have NAMES, as in Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein and, now, John Varvatos.
All of these are great for aging skin and moisturizing any-age skin too. There's also lots of other plant extracts.
The components of their skin care line are discussed.  Chiefly, they use a blend of fruit stem cells infused into a Vitamin C, resveratrol-rich grape seed formula. This line of organic products uses natural and organically found chemical ingredients that are found in the fruit stem cells of apples, grapes and lemons.  This skin care line is somewhat unique in that it makes use of resveratrol-a naturally occurring helpful chemical commonly found in grape seeds.  In the past, it was less common to find that in a readily accessible product.
6517	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is amazing for sun burns and for itchiness. Love this product


I docked a star for the frustrating package it comes in. If the bottle was a little wider and shorter it would be perfect. When you get to the bottom of the bottle, you can't really reach it with a regular sized felt-tipped swab, for one thing, and for another usually the alcohol will completely dry out before you even get to the stuff so it dries into powder (I have gone through two bottles already). The last of the product is wasted unless you add a little of your own alcohol to the bottle and dig a cotton swab in there, covering your fingers in the residue at the top.

9122	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have always loved this cleaner.
4934	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really recommend this powder to others.  I have acne prone skin (even at thirty) and have trouble finding a foundation that matches my skin tone (very fair) and that doesn't cause breakouts, all the while lasting the day.  An aesthetician recommended this to my in college and I stopped using it after my skin cleared as it was a little expensive.  However since then I have tried at least five different over the counter mineral powders and none have come close.  Although expensive, this powder lasts four to five months and covers great.  It can crease/build up over the day if you put too much on and as it is mineral and not absorbed by the skin it can rub off on phone screens and other items that may come in contact with your face.
2699	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I did not like this pencil.  Does not glide on smoothly.
3389	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used a Revlon color called Putty years ago and I have looked and looked for a similar color. I finally found it in the OPI Tickle My France-y. The color looks great on short nails but looks very stylish on long or short. I am using all OPI products and I can wear the nail polish without chips for a week without any problems.  OPI is a little prciey but it is well worth it.
4583	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this to use because I used heated tools on my hair. I have no complaints about it. I know I love the CHI silk infusion oil.

4479	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always a fan of LR-P. And in my quest for a neutral cleansing bar for the body, this really fits the bill. I love it. I need a cleansing bar that doesn't dry or irritate my skin and this fits the bill!
8269	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm Caucasian and pretty white, but for some reason, a lot of red nail polishes have just made my hands look kind of dirty and unappealing. Another problem I've often had with them is that they end up looking brownish instead of properly red. Come to Bed Red is different. To me, its the perfect red, a true red that isn't pink, isn't Brown, and isn't neon. I get a lot of compliments on my long, natural nails and part of how I keep them from getting damaged is to apply many layers of this, which creates a thick finish that is surprisingly durable, often lasting several days with little to no tip wear and zero chipping. One complaint I have is that I've found BL polishes take a very long time to dry, but the fact that the polish is thick and that I apply many layers overall probably worsens that. Also, it's frustrating that it seems to get thicker as you use the bottle up. Even so, I love it and repurchase again and again in this colour.
8795	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I didn't like the way the Mario Badescu Herbal Hydrating Serum felt over or under my moisturizer or my face. However, I have been using this on my elbows that have extremely dry skin and it has almost turned them baby soft. Even my prescription medicine could not do what this serum has done. I plan to try it on a couple of dry spots on my feet next. This is a small bottle but it only take a small amount so I would say it will last awhile.
It has a rich lather and leaves my skin feeling soft and smooth.  It rinses off well.  And the scent lasts a while on your skin and makes that fresh, clean feeling last, which is nice.  I would definitely get this soap again.  Crabtree & Evelyn does not disappoint.

FINAL COMMENTS
This set comes in a nice gift box, and the products are securely locked into place. It took a bit of effort to get them out. The brush is very nice, made with natural badger hair. It's soft, but holds up well under a hefty load of shaving cream. The shaving cream lathers well, and it feels different - it feels cleaner. It also goes on well without the brush, but the brush makes it a more luxurious experience.
6975	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this as an overnight cream. In consistency it's somewhere between a day and a night cream. I find most night creams to be too thick so it's just right for me. It could be used as a day cream (it absorbs pretty quickly) but since it doesn't have any SPF, I won't use it for the day.

7572	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair stylist used this on my fine hair and I had to buy it.  No residue.  Feels great and light on hair.  Best hairspray on the market.
9439	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best mascara primer. Natural, full, long lashes. It keeps mascara fresh all day. No clumping and no running. Gorgeous results.
Finish: not glossy, not matte. A very nice natural finish

I loved the fact the applicator has an aluminum tip - so much easier to keep bacteria cleaned off this way.  If you apply this Vichy targeted treatment exactly where you need it, you will get results in about 20 hours.  I had three not terrible patches, and they were greatly reduced by the next day, after one treatment.
2336	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When I first opened my Baxters of California moisturizer, I noticed the simple white tube with black lettering. It was different from the usual colorfully decorated womens beauty care products. Also, it is unscented, without that ubiquitously powerful floral scent. When I read the info on the box I realized it was a mens beauty care product! But, I love it.
8296	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a pretty polish as all Butter colors are.  It's perfect is you're wanting a color that's dark with sparkles but don't want to do black.
1065	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dermablend Professional Compact Setting Powder (****) is essential to finish surface & extend coverage of foundations and concealers.  Because of its content of white talc, which is brighter than a skin tone, applying it may brighten the skin.  Thus, it seems to be not only useful in small amounts not to change the effect of a foundation or concealer perfectly matching the complexion and thus expensive to cover thoroughly with a thick matching layer, but rather useful in bigger amounts to brighten the effect of a small amount of a foundation or concealer to cover the discolorations with a thinner layer showing slightly trough and thus cheaper than the former, but not producing artificial, mask-like effect, and requiring more artist-like skills.
7519	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This works really well on my skin for clearing up the occasional stubborn blemish that decides to turn up. I usually rotate from Salicylic acid to benzyl peroxide, so I tend to keep both on hand. I don't like using anything that stands out on my face or just lingers, so this is nice, because it actually goes on clear and dries quickly. After a few minutes, it's like I have nothing on my face, but I know it's working, because I see the results. The only downside is that this a bit pricey. I have found comparable products that work just as well for a fraction of the price. Other than that, it is a really good salicylic acid for sporadic spot treating.

1368	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It does what it says it will do and it makes my hair look a lot thicker and makes it easier to style.  I add it after my hairspray so that my hairspray doesn't get it wet.
The color really does last about a week and it fades pretty naturally. Since I already have darkish skin, I only apply once a week. Very fair skinned people may want to apply twice a week to maintain a deeper color.
7649	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Essentially a slightly more sparkly loose powder version of Mary LouManizer, this is a champagne sparkly powder.  It's really useful and lovely.
4303	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This makes my combination skin very happy.  I'm always afraid that gels like this may be too drying.  Instead, my skin feels soft and nice.
9633	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is the first thing I tried from this luxurious brand and it does not disappoint.  The oil feels more like a dry oil because it's not greasy and the smell is so fresh and clean.  This makes my skin feel like I put on a very nice lotion.  I eve tried this on my dry hands it it genuinely feels like a lotion.  It absorbs so quickly.  The scent does stay with it for awhile so if you don't like scented things this may be too much for you.  I find that it leaks sometimes if not stored upright.  I will say when I add water to it it doesn't create a lather.  It's more like a lotion oil that you use in the shower.  Maybe I'm not using enough to get the lather.  I have used this to shave as well and it leaves the skin so soft.  I've also used this as bath oil and added it to the water in the bath.
3081	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Felt like baby oil. Very heavy on the skin. Broke my skin out.

I find the color in the bottle looks pretty similar to the color you see when it dries (and also to the image on the screen on the computer I'm currently using).  So you know what you'll be getting.  I'd say this had cool/purplish undertones for a red, it's really more of a wine color.  It has a subtle shimmer and looks really nice with a high-shine topcoat (I used one from Seche Vite).
I am satisfied that this product works. I have used it over time and with many different brands. It's not a miracle by any means, but it does help.
9283	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this bronzer
Chi protects my hair against my daily flat iron use and makes my hair grow. My hair hasn't been this long since I was in middle school. My hair is past my shoulders now when before it was barely reaching my chin.
6867	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	After reading all the positive reviews, I was really excited to give this a try. Well, I'm sorry I did because the product didn't really work for me. It didn't shrink pimples or get rid of them. I get like 1 pimple a month and it didn't do anything to help. I would not buy this product again.
7401	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got some of this as a gift a last Christmas.  I used it and could see an improvement in my skin after using it for a short time.  I am on the second jar and this product seems to be helping with firming up my skin.  Thumbs up!
It has a nice subtly citrusy scent that is pleasant light. As for the effectiveness...it seems ok. Definitely seems to reduce redness and inflammation, but not sure that it ultimately heals blemishes in much faster time. But I will definitely keep using it as it lasts and I approve of the effort to make it organic.
8571	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm on my third tube of this and absolutely have noticed a huge difference. This cream removes all the dead ,dry skin and promotes new cell turnover leaving my skin smooth.it does bring out a brightening effect,I don't find that I need to use any makeup except mascara and lipstick. This has really delivered what it says. Provides plenty of moisture to my 40 plus skin.
9393	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like all OPI, this has a great formula and goes on smoothly in two coats. This orangey red has a lot of dupes, so if you're an OPI lover, check your stash. It is very similar to Cajun Shrimp and Red Lights Ahead, Where?
7995	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Color is way lighter then posted.
8595	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, love, love Pevonia products!!! I truly recommend to anyone struggling with Rosasea or other sensitive skin issues. I have been using the lotion (a calming astringent) & the Botanical Concentrate (serum) for over 10 years!
1535	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color
While I still prefer other scents such as Nautica Voyage and Armani Code, CK's Obsession is a great addition to any fragrance connoisseur's collection as it superbly blends mature scents without coming across as old.

3993	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have been using this with&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Opi-Expert-Touch-Pads/dp/B01FNJ9MOW/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Opi Expert Touch Pads</a>, which are just very thin cotton paper like pads. You could use cotton balls or anything like this to apply it with.
The broad spectrum SPF 30 properties are, of course, great for protecting your skin.
339	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dermablend products are simply amazing!  I have a bunch of dark spots (Southern California teenager) and this covered them right up.  The color is a little darker than I expected, and matches when I have a tan (which is nearly never).  If you are looking for long-lasting matte coverage, this is the BEST!
7816	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Forget cheap drug store chap stick. This stuff is the best lip product I've ever used!
1982	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This is not the real thing. It's fake and a horrible one at that. If I could put zero stars I would. So disappointed.

I happen to like it but no more or less than Evian's Brumisateur.  Neither of these products do much, in my opinion, to moisturize, firm or tone your skin.  They are, however, refreshing on a hot summer day and they're not half bad for setting makeup.  I also like to use this when traveling by air to refresh my face when I'm feeling a bit oily.  I just mist heavily, then wipe down with a cotton round and apply a light moisturizer.


I was surprised to find that this polish was 5-free.  Usually 3- or 5-free polishes shrink a lot on my nails, especially at the edges.  But this one hasn't shrunk.  And at day 2, I don't have any chips yet.  (I'm hard on my hands and most polishes have chipped at least a little by now.)

8145	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Literally cannot live without this stuff now. It keeps my sensitive skin fresh and moisturized. It's helped the redness from my rosacea immensely. I spritz several times a day, even over makeup. It keeps my skin looking fresh and dewey. I just bought travel sized to take with me on trips.
7845	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used a double edged razor and various types of shaving cream over the years.  If I have learned anything from this it is that you need a good razor, a good blade, good technique, and a good shaving cream for the best shave.  And if you use a double edged blade you likely shave in multiple directions to get the closest shave.  This may get a close shave but also increases the risk for skin irritation.  So there is somewhat of a trade-off.  I have found using shaving cream that you apply with a brush works best, but there are times when I just need a quick shave and will use a shaving foam from a can instead.  Historically, this has not resulted in a very close shave and has left some irritation in the process.  So it is in this context that I was very interested to try this Vichy Homme shaving foam.

3356	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This was the first tie that I have purchased a more expensive nail polish remover. I kept thinking what could possibly make a polish remover any better for gosh sakes!
9542	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great night cream.  It's fairly oily, but great for my dry skin.
4176	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love pca skincare, my esthetician sold it and I've been hooked ever since. Great prices online. Not to expensive.
8165	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my new favorite toothpaste. I suffer from dry mouth from medication. Normal toothpaste makes my mouth so dry and dry mouth toothpaste tastes horrible. I love the way Ginger Mint tastes and I love the way it makes my mouth feel. I also got Cinnamon Mint but I definitely like this one better!
7414	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had never thought to try something like this until I saw it in the vine program. So I figured if it can help me skin then I'll give it a shot. I've always had problems with my skin and irritation so the first thing I did was put a small amount right below my ear and left if there to see if it reacted badly, it did not so I gave it a go the next night.
I'm impressed with La Roche-Posay's products, and this is another nice one!
This MenScience Advanced Fragrance Free Deoderant is the first one that has truly worked all day for me... and then some. I can apply this first thing in the morning and at the end of the day it is still effectively preventing underarm odor. It applies easily and doesn't require you to flap your arms around for a minute or two to dry before you can put your shirt on. It's fragrance free (although there is a hint of a smell due to the ingredients used, but it is very very minimal) and is not sticky. It just works.

3388	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fast shipping and in perfect condition!  Love OPI nail products  I'm not real crazy about the color I ordered. Color is called "Passion". I am medium skin tone and I just found this pink to be too pink and not flattering with my skin tone. I think this color would fare best on lighter and deeper skin tones.

I played around with this pencil for an hour and got the hang of proper application which involved short precise strokes that mimic fine hairs. As I continued to experiment I achieved a brow line that works for me and compliments my dark blonde hair. The pencil application works all day and is easily removed with my facial cleanser.
9468	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	From someone who changes her polish every 2-3 days, I can say I've tried all kinds of removers.  This one is absolutely the very best!!  Keeps nails healthy and strong while removing the polish, even glitter.  Although, UNT is a great peel off base coat that I'd recommend for glitter polishes.  This one is the best for color.  You won't regret it.
9808	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using Proraso shaving soaps for many years.  Still - very good product.

754	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	liked the smell
Both my teen daughter and myself tried this product and we both really like how well it cleans, and the fact that it doesn't leave our skin feeling like we need to wash off a residual film.
9456	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product, great service
8563	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product along with the face cream, toner & lotion by  Pevonia.  This rosacea product line is the only one I've found that gives me any kind of relief.  It really helps to tone down the redness & the itching.  This helps me feel good about my skin!

1437	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love my Mason Pearson! This is one of the best investments I have made for my hair. I have wavy/curly hair that is very thick and comes to about my shoulders. My ends get very dry, especially in the winter. This brush is great because it does not pull out my hair but the bristles are long enough to reach almost my scalp. It is easy to get the brush through my hair and it is great because it really does smooth and not frizz your hair. It also distributes the natural oils in your hair to your ends. The brush itself is beautiful too, the handle is really nice and not awkward to hold or use.
9813	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells great
1081	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The LOreal Dermablend Professional line of cosmetics is new to me.  They earn being in a higher-end category in my opinion. They do not seem to be scented or too chemical. The jars, tubes, compacts are made very sturdy to last along with your make-ups. I have many favorites among them, yet I believe they all stand very well on their own. Some two or more of these creamy products come with an application spatula, and this appears to be an optional extra.  Also, there is a little instruction leaflet included with every product.
1090	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I tried using this product when it first came out and loved it so much I used it professionally as a former makeup artist. In fact, I believe at one time it was ONLY sold to professionals or you had to purchase from Doctors or spas that carried the line. I was curious if it was the same formula that I had known and loved and I'm happy to say that it is! Why apply a white powder over your makeup? This powder looks white in the jar but is invisible on the surface of the skin. I love it because it looks great over any type of foundation including airbrush makeup. ANY skin tone can use it too, even darker skin tones! What I REALLY love is that this powder doesn't oxidize on the skin (turn orange or yellow). This is a problem with powders and foundations on oily skin, and it usually appears in my T Zone if it shows up.
5984	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I came across "Mario Badescu" at ULTA one day at the checkout area. I picked up the rose water/aloe facial spray and fell in love. I researched the product more and chose this cream (hoping it would help my rapidly aging eye region!) Within the first few days I noticed a drastic change and decline in dryness; also in my fine lines and beginning crows feet around my eyes. Although it does not seem to be helping my dark under eye circles. It is also a little thick, so I recommend applying a thin layer 10-15min before makeup application. I am a makeup artist and WOULD absolutely use and refer this product to my clients
Cleansing with an oil based product was a big stretch for me. I had tried argon oil and was really never pleased with the results. However, I tried this and much to my surprise was very pleased.
Reference (my kit):

2729	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best concealer hands down.
Why I love this product:

9144	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing! Works like magic. Applied to a very stubborn deep pimple and this stuff dried it up to a significantly smaller, much more shallow pimple overnight. Shocking results . Usually deeper pimples take almost a week to surface. This one never did. Applied a second time and the drying lotion killed off the bacteria completely and obliterated the last bit of debris under the skin. Pimple Never came to the surface and is now completely gone
3732	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have not seen any signs of healthier hair since I started taking these vitamins and using the phyto scalp treatment and shampoo. I'm sure the vitamins are good for you, but the claims to grow hair are somewhat bogus.
3467	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love OPI.

7113	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Husband loves it for beard and shaving his head.  A very thin coating does the trick, so a little goes a long way.  Slippery lube quality.



Love the idea of a lip plumper that doesn't sting, but after weeks of use I haven't seen the results.  So only 4 stars.
6810	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my favorite products for acne ever invented! I often get one or two pimples on my chin once or twice a month if I do not properly take care of my skin and this really helps dry the pimple up quickly. It really pulls the white head to the surface where it can be properly taken care of.
8836	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great
3644	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm quite pasty. Like I don't tan, I burn. I've tried all kinds of self tanners. Some good. Some terrible. This one falls inbetween. It's far from terrible, but it's also not the best I've used. I had no streaking or orange tint, but I felt like it faded very quickly which is why I knocked off a star.
6752	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Creates big soft waves (not tight curls).  You can definitely tell teh difference in quality of this curling iron from the typical drug store brands.  Great purchase!
Don't forget whatever you do to use sunscreen always. Or this is all for nothing. ;)
3958	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is pure heaven. I love this product. It is a great moisturizer and my skin just drinks it up. I put it on after the shower and feel ready to conquer the world. This is a much better buy than at the stores. I personally like the slight soapy smell. It makes me feel clean. Do your self a favor and get this wonderful bargain. Your skin will love you for it.
8515	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm super picky when it comes to moisturizers - any scent is usually overpowering for me, so I am happy to report that this moisturizer doesn't really smell like anything. I'm a little confused that it has a bit of a pink hue to it - reminds me of calamine lotion a little bit :) It is SO THICK when it comes out of the bottle, it definitely sinks into the skin and provides hydration for an extended period without any greasiness. I'd definitely pick up a larger bottle in the future! This tiny one will probably be enough for the dark Settle winter, though. :|
I had no idea that L'Oral USA is affiliated to this, and and very satisfied. My make up lasted longer and with no need for touch ups. It was amazing.
Thanks,
9273	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	it is too runny and pools in the root of the nail. color too looks like jaundice.
4632	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Juice Beauty Green Apple Age Defy Serum is too much for my sensitive skin.  Other non-sensitive Juice products do not irritate my skin the way this does.  It is pleasant to apply, but it did leave my skin in a fussier state.  A closer peek at the ingredients revealed salicylic acid (from white willow bark), which is an ingredient that my skin tends to rebel against.
4490	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Like many women I am in search of the face product that will give me lovely skin. I'm sure my expectations are out of whack with reality, but I'm also sure I will get the same non-result from a gentle soap and water. I would not waste money on this.
Scent lasts most of the day, and the spray top emits a perfect amount of fragrance.
2032	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is surprisingly unique. The closest thing I have to it is OPI's Let Me Entertain You, but this polish is quite a bit more purple. It's a nice brighter shade that still reads on-point for fall. Great application, passable with one coat.
5488	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I chose this for my husband who decided the same week to grow his beard back. I've been using it for my legs and underarms and it is fantastic. I have hopelessly sensitive, rash prone skin. I love the rich dense lather and how moisturized my legs feel. There is a vaguely masculine fragrance that does not linger.
126	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color and brand
You must be careful after applying not to get water anywhere you've applied the tanner for at least 3 hours. The color starts to bloom after about an hour but it's not fully absorbed for at least 3 hours. If you get any water on your skin during that time, you'll see some light spots in your tan so plan carefully. Sweat does the same thing so don't apply and then exercise.

8170	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love Jan Marini  products , Transformation is my favorite cream , and eye cream too . absorbs beautifully , and skin is supple and not oily , I can't be without the eye cream.
5292	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great pigmentos and very iridicent powder its goodd!!!!
Water/Eau/Aqua, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Ammonium Lauryl Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Cocamide MEA, PCA Dimethicone, Cetyl Alcohol, Glycol Distearate, IPDI/PEG-15 Cocamine Copolymer Dimer Dilinoleate, Trimethylolpropane Tricaprylate/Tricaprate, Hydrogenated Propylene, PEG-150 Distearate, Polyquaternium-7 Dimethiconol, Isolaureth-6, PEG-8 Dimethicone, Silicone Quaternium-2, Panthenol Succinate, Cetyl Triethylmonium Dimethicone PEG-8 Succinate, Panthenyl Ethyl Ester, Disteareth-7
I have very sensitive skin, and this didn't burn or irritate it at all.  There was also no redness after using it, and no stinging while it was on.
379	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I ordered the Dermablend Professional Cover Creme in both Toasted Brown & Golden Brown. Both are nice, but the Toasted Brown is a little lighter & works well with my skin tone when I'm tan. It goes on well, & it's easy to apply.  Dermablend makes good quality products, & this one, like much of their other products, a little goes a long way. I have not had any issues with breakouts or irritation from any of their products, so I'd recommend if you have sensitive skin. All of the Dermablend products have provided excellent coverage.  The hardest thing for me has been selecting the right color. It's often hard for me to do in the store, so online looking at the chart is even worse. I'd recommend if you are like me & have trouble selecting colors, check your local store first for color you need, then look on Amazon. Their prices are often better & then that way you don't have to worry about choosing a color that isn't perfect for you. ;)
6071	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great collagen builder mask for the face ..I have notice that my face looks a lot plumper and the skin looks even more healthier..
Obviously, the efficacy of a product like this is something one can ascertain accurately only over the course of months.  But the initial impression/first few uses can also make or break the 'beautiful relationship.'
I'm an African American male with thinning hair on the sides as well as top due to over processing my hair as a youth. It makes it difficult to get a nice even haircut and I can't where the low to bald styles since I have acne keloiditis around the rear hairline which causes hair loss and unattractive keloids. It's so embarrassing that I don't even like for people to stand behind me on the elevator. One day I discovered Toppik and although no one in the videos had my type of hair I thought what the hell, it's worth a try.
You must shake it well, because it quickly separates into blue and white liquids. It feels just like oil and water going on. There doesn't appear to be any oil in the mixture, but it does contain a lot of chemicals that are used as emollients in cosmetics. It also contains solvents to help break down the mascara to remove it. I normally use micellar water to remove regular (non-waterproof) mascara, but that doesn't do a good job on waterproof mascara.
All in all this is a very versatile, flexible polish to have in your bag of nail tricks. the key is to get creative and have fun with it.
7380	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product! I'm still learning about skin care and wasn't sure what a canvas base was, but the directions were clear. Even without foundation, applying the product gives a smoother, more polished look. As the directions say, you just need a tiny amount ("the size of a pearl") so one tube will go a long way. It's not greasy or oily. I plan to buy one when this review sample runs out, which probably won't happen for a long time.
You're now good to go! Yes, your hair will feel a little more crunchy than normal,but for me I didn't care. This saved me from a lot of embarrassment and I recommend it to at least try. I don't think it will cover a bald head unless you want to look like you glued hair sprinkles on,
5023	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best hand cream I have ever used. I started using it in the 90's when I worked in the cosmetic industry. Stays in the skin and actually moisturizes.
4043	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a 3-1 step cleanser that is supposed to clean, tone and remove eye make-up. I tried this on my made-up face after a full day out, and squirted a cotton pad with two pumps of the clear, water-like fluid, per directions. I don't wear a ton of foundation, but this did seem to remove the make-up i did have on, and my face was left feeling clean and toned- felt very good- not dry at all, not oily, just clean. I still think you need a separate eye-makeup remover though, because mascara and liner are tough to get off, and this wasn't strong enough. Still, I really like how it makes my face feel, and I think i'd use this more as a final cleanser and toner after your normal routine.
All these product work.  Do yourself a favor and also buy the scrub (the only scrub my dermatologist has ever recommended), and the repair cream.  I wish this had been around when I was younger.
My mother who's in her 50's  saw little change, but loved it as a before bed leave on product. She swore in the morning it filled in some of the lines. As thick as this product is, and as long as it takes to set in, I can very much believe that it does rejuvenate some of the dry lines in her face, though it was hard for us to notice anything... but she seemed to like it so thats something?
Another plus: the good-for-your-skin ingredients added to the formula. Definitely a winner!
7358	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best handcream in the world. As a nurse, washing my hands 100 timed a day, it has saved my hands. The scent is soft and lovely, and softens dry, cracked skin.
will have to mix with med. blonde.
9438	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love the actual product.  It makes your face very clean and smooth and does not dry your skin like other, harsher, products.  It clear our pores and makes your skin look brighter.  This particular product is in an aluminum/steel can which is not very convenient, and that is my only gripe.  It does come in tubes which are a lot nicer and I would recommend looking for them.
There is probably enough in the one container to do my legs 3 or 4 times. The results are quite dark on me but very even. The color lasts about a week. My only criticism is the 3 hour wait. I pretty much have to plan my day around it. Otherwise, good stuff.
7719	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have rosy redness in some areas of my cheeks (likely rosacea) and wanted to try a product to address it.  I don't like to wear makeup so I was looking for a product that would go on lightly, blend in, and reduce the appearance of the redness.  This does just that - I put it on the red areas by blending it completely into my skin.  It's very light - if you put too much on, it will appear green so a little goes a long way. It remained on for most of the day, only a little touch up needed later in the day at work.
2623	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a lovely fragrance.  It is very feminine with a very floral base.  I tend to stay away from florals because they are often very sweet, but this one is just a very nice light fragrance.  It is well balanced and would be nice for every day wear.  The only downside is that the scent seemed to be very light and did not last as long as I would have expected.  But the scent is lovely!
Get the color that best matches your hair color. You can use 2 different colors if you are looking for a special match, but I find the Dark Brown works just find for my typical dark brown hair.
1328	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair has been thinning for the last 15+ years and I have done everything to make up for it short of a transplant - wigs, weaves, etc. even though my own hair is quite long. I heard about Toppik and got this small travel size because I just had a hard time believing it would actually work, and I didn't want to risk too much money on it. Well, I absolutely LOVE Toppik! I'm a cook and an artist so I have a good hand, which meant I was successful in my first attempt at applying it and it only took a few minutes. just aim over the area, and tap the fibers on. The hair on the top of my head is quite thin, so I did have to apply more than some others might have to, but it does what it says, and I was so thrilled it brought tears to my eyes and I am buying a larger size. Yes, you can run your hands through it, and yes, you can style it. If you have thinning hair, I cannot recommend this product enough. TIPS: I read it before in the reviews and now I know it myself - get a shade lighter than your hair. I got the Dark Brown, and it looks almost Black upon application. I am able to get away with it, but my next order with be the medium brown and I will mix them. Also, if you need to apply a lot of it, which I did, it will result in the Toppik-treated area looking duller than the rest of your hair. I tried a little shine spray with my hair out and some holding gel with my hair up, and both seemed to work in getting the shine back. Some folks have complained of itching, but I haven't had that issue. I tried sleeping with it in just for giggles, and some came out, but not that much. I have not yet gotten it wet, so I cannot comment on that. If you're still skeptical, do what I did and at least try the travel size so your risk is minimal. But I am a happy customer - no more wigs and weaves and I can finally have my own hair out without being self-concious. Thank you, Toppik!!

9845	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got a mini version if this a while ago and I finally got around to purchasing the full version. This is my favorite scent from the Clean line. It smells warm and fresh, like pulling your favorite T-shirt straight from the dryer. I wish everything smelled like this fragrance.
5047	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I pray that Skyn never stops making this!  I am in my 40s and have had mild acne issues my entire adult life.  This is a lightweight, fragrance free lotion that I use every morning and sometimes at night also.  It doesn't feel tingly.  Other lotions I've tried have caused my acne to get worse, and I will forever use this!
9935	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried everything from premium designer stuff to the value stuff.  When it comes down to it, it's really just shaving soap.  This stuff is no different.  Proraso is a very good shaving product.  It doesn't have the variety of scents that other soaps/creams have, but for the price, it's a good low-frills product.  The soap is just hard enough to load my brush on it, but soft enough to get a really good load without too much effort.  It really whips up a great rich lather that is very slick.  It leaves my skin feeling hydrated and it works great with the Nivea aftershave balm.  The only gripe I have is the scent.  I don't particularly care for the soapy scent.  It's not bad, I just wouldn't wear it as a cologne.  Of course, smell is completely subjective.  Like most all soaps, the scent doesn't linger for more than a few minutes anyway.
8456	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!! It's definitely not a product for daytime use but at night it feels like a batman shield of steel!! It hydrates slight wrinkles, they don't disappear but are certainly softened!!
586	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	There has apparently been repackaging since the last time I purchased this product, as the container is now clear instead of white.  I think the formula may also be slightly different because I found the application MUCH easier than with my first jar. (not as "solid", softened much easier)  I purchased this because I needed something a teeny bit darker than what I had.  Just like I said in my Quick Fix review, my skin looks much lighter to the observer than it really is (red hair, freckles), and if I use Fair, Ivory, Light, etc, I look like a ghost so I moved down to a real "medium" in beige.  I like Dermablend for a number of reasons:  it was originally formulated for scar coverage, so the coverage you get is going to be better than just about any other foundation; despite this, it doesn't look caked on if applied correctly; and there are LOTS of shades to choose from.  Because it covers scars very well, it also works just as well for uneven skin colors, blemishes, freckles, and just about any other "imperfection" you may have, again without looking cakey.  The foundation is also waterproof so it stays put, and it blends in very nicely so that you can feather the coverage out (no lines at the chin and jaw).  I probably would not recommend this for someone with oily skin, because of the fact that it is waterproof (which means it's probably not water based) but I would check with the manufacturer to be sure.  It works perfectly for my "mature" skin which is very dry.
3768	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like all the EltaMD products
3567	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is good stuff. Shake it well and apply at night. Keeps the goonies at bay.


Glad I did.
1651	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was expecting a nice pink color, but what you get is especially a nude polish. I will probably not  buy polish online without seeing it in person in the future.
7. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL LEG AND BODY MAKE-UP (SPF25):
3899	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You need this!  Admit it!  You wouldn't even be LOOKING at this review if your nails weren't all ready screaming for Envy.  This product is perfection and will strengthen, thicken and protect your nails so well, within seven days you'll have prettier hands.  Go on.  Click and buy.  You won't be sorry.
7307	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Identical to the reed diffuser version, but much stronger - one spritz immediately scents the room! Love this warm vanilla scent for every room in the house!
2) Inexpensive compared to many other products I've tried (although the bottle doesn't last very long).
Those are the pluses. Here is the big problem. Because it was so expensive, I foolishly saved it for special occasions. It dried out completely after only a few months althought I closed it properly. I contact the company's customer service only to be informed that there was nothing that could restore it or that they could do, so I have to toss it. What a disappointment!
In the summer it becomes especially fragrant from body heat.  The fragrance lasts until I wash it off. It has become a standard in my daily wear.
CLEAN Fresh Laundry has a fruity-floral scent that I enjoy and I feel like CLEAN Warm Cotton smells more like my laundry than CLEAN Fresh Laundry dose.  That could be because I don't use overly perfumed laundry detergent.
I recently tried another brand that is about half the cost. It did not work for me at all. I had to get back on Amazon & order this quickly.

8459	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Mario Badescu skincare for about 10 years now...love it and will never switch to anything else.



Although this has an unusual texture (which I love), it is very easy to spread on the skin.  You also don't need very much at once; a little goes a long way (which is great since this is a rather expensive product).  It does not leave my skin feeling oily -- just soft and smooth.  I have somewhat sensitive, combination skin, and this works equally well on my oily t-zone and my drier cheeks.  I have put sunscreens over it and it does not interfere with the sunscreen application at all (also doesn't interfere with makeup).
2540	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have pretty sensitive skin, and I hate the feel of creams, this is a gel, you only need a little so it lasts a very long time, It is cool to the touch, and the part I love the best, it lasts all day, it completely eliminates shave irritation, feels cool, and works !! And my girl loves the smell, which is very mild, I do not even notice any scent.
4044	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent  Love. Bought twice already
4197	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Disclaimer: I've only used it once.
4542	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Luxurious body lotion, absorbs easily, leaves skin super soft.  Love it!
9504	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife says:


9767	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Get for my friend, she love it
  I started purchasing from Amazon and found the product more reasonably priced.  Amazon also has a pump that screws onto the Toppik bottle and you can direct the powder better to the areas where you need it most.  I use a little hair spray to help hold it in place.  I found the medium brown covers my scalp better than the light brown and blends better with my hair color and highlights.  I would be lost without this product.  One negative I don't think can be avoided, is the powder can make your hair look a little dull at the roots, but the alternative would be the appearance of  thinning hair.  I order the refills and re-use my container.
4327	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Baxter of California Hydro Salve Lip Balm is the best lip balm I have ever used.  Many years ago, I used ChapStick&nbsp;] but it began making my lips red and inflamed.  Then I switched to Vaseline Lip Therapy&nbsp;] and have been using it ever since.  I tried to use the Nivea Lip Butter (<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Nivea-Lip-Butter-Carded-Tin-Smooth-Kiss-0-59-Ounce/dp/B00B57QU60/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Nivea Lip Butter Carded Tin, Smooth Kiss, 0.59 Ounce</a>), which works well but I don't like having to touch the "butter" with my fingers and spreading it over my lips.  It is not sanitary.  Touching your lips with unwashed fingers is a good way to catch a cold or flu.
401	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Yet another great product with full coverage. I got this in hopes I could use the shade to add some contouring. I don't recommend the product as a contouring product, but for a blemish cover / full face coverage this will be perfect.
2029	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the color, but again I am a purple girl, and Essie did not fail to deliver here either. Love!!!
Well, it works (and I've tried it with several foundations).  My foundations go on smoother and last significantly longer and I just love the sheerness.  This is weightless, comfortable, and leaves my skin feeling great.
366	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely LOVE Dermablend makeup line. They have truly come up with a foundation and concealer that blends amazingly. There is never that caked on layered look. I like that I can build on top of it and have that flawless blend that I have always sought after with my makeup but have not been able to obtain until now. This particular stick matched amazingly with my own skin tones and blended in just as well. It is so easy to apply. You just open by twisting the top and you squeeze some out on a finger or a sponge and apply like you would any other makeup. SO I got one that did match my skin tones and the coverage is AMAZING, The concealer sticks along with the smooth camo foundation covers all my blemishes and skin irritants flawlessly. That really helps boost a girls self esteem when she can look in the mirror and her cystic acne is being well covered, Dermablend is created by certified dermatologist which is great because they know how to keep irritants out of the makeup they are creating, My skin doesn't breakout like it does with supermarket makeup when I use the Dermablend, I couldn't ask for a better makeup line to have fallen in love with.
54	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift for my husband after he completely ran out of all cologne ( even the Old Spice standby!). Delivery was speedy and the package arrived well packed with the contents protected. He (and I) love the scent...and who doesn't feel better when you know you smell gooood !
9267	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love CIA= Color Is Awesome. It is a beautiful teal green from the PPI Washington DC collection. It does take two coats to get the color just right, but it is worth the patience.


2228	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So, as I was searching the internet one night for a product to help my adult cystic acne, I came across these glycolic acid treatment pads. The reviews were great, and they were also supposed to help with fine lines and wrinkles! I was VERY skeptical for sure, but I was also desperate, so I ordered them.
1513	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this nail polish. It is the only brand I will use. They have so many different colors, the finish is perfect, and they don't chip as much as the other brands. I still use a protective top coat just in case. I also rely on this brand because it is free of all the "big three" chemicals. This color specifically, Willa, is a shiny black finish. It takes about 2-3 coats to get it covered but it lasts about a week without a top coat. I plan on buying more colors in the future.

510	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's very lightweight and easy to glide on skin. Offers a great coverage. My only issue, perhaps mostly because of the sunscreen ingredients, is that it has a shine to it, so I don't like to use a lot of it all over my face. Other than that, it's a very nice foundation. It's not greasy at all. I don't have any breakouts from it. It also offers a great coverage for redness and sunspots.

8095	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Definitely the same quality as the Hard Water but with a bit less hold.
3296	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an amazing oil! It not only imparts a healthy glow to the skin and hair with the golden shimmer, but also moisturizes and softens the skin and hair. It has a slight scent that I think would be hit or miss for people. I've read that a lot of people like it but I personally don't care for it. It isn't offensive enough to affect my opinion on the product, though. I initially bought this to bring a glow to my skin, and it does a good job of that. I'll use this on my body, but wouldn't use it on my face - I don't know why anyone would want their face covered in golden shimmer. I could see using this as a cheekbone highlight over a tinted moisturizer, but beyond that, I wouldn't want this on my face. What I love this for most is my hair. I found myself using it less over the winter so I decided to try it on my blonde hair, and it brought more shine to my hair than any other shine spray ever has! It also softened my hair which is great because most shine sprays are actually bad for the hair. This imparts shine from the oils and shimmer, and actually nourishes the hair at the same time. It's pricey but this bottle will last you for eternity. If you want to be a glowing goddess, this is for you!
6695	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Recommended by my stylist. These are a huge step up from drugstore irons. Comfy handle, sturdy cord that rotates easily, large cool tip. The heat is adjustable and even.
8742	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I discovered the Mario Badescu line almost a year ago and I love all of their products with this being no exception. I have keratosis pilaris, which causes a red, acne like rash on my arms and thighs. I recently have gotten it under control w Ahava, coconut oil and now Mario Badescu. My skin was almost clear but would flair up. This soap has fixed that. I now enjoy smooth skin, always. This soap is very thin but lathers very well. It has a mild fruity smell similar to the Enzyme Gel Cleanser, which I use on  my face. It leaves me feeling squeaky clean and extremely soft. My tiny bumps were smoothed instantly. After 3 days of use my skin felt incredible. I do follow up w coconut oil as a moisturizer and I use the Ahava mud wrap weekly. I haven't touched my Ahava bar soap since purchasing this. This has become my new go to cleanser. I even noticed my husband caressing my thighs more. =D This makes this product a win for me. I use a small amount on my washcloth and expect the bottle to last, at least 2 weeks w daily use. My skin has never felt better.
938	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color for medium skin tones.  Excellent product.
5865	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this nail polish.  The color was just like it was suppose to be.  I bought the Poole color.  I just put it on tonight, so not sure how long it will stay on, but even it is just a week I will be happy with it.  I think it really depends on what top coat you put on anyway.  So pretty.  I will buy again, and recommend.
This not only smells amazing, the price buying for the 4.2 oz direct from amazon(I wouldn't buy from a 3rd party seller, personally) was unbeatable! It was the same bottle and box as I saw in the store. Buying this at Sephora or Ulta, it's about $75 bucks, so I was a huge fan of the price here. I would say this fragrance would span a variety of ages. We're in our early 30s, and it really suits him well. It's woodsy and rich, a bit mysterious. The notes are Ashwood, Tonka Beans, Santolina, Madras Wood, Quince Paste, Oak Moss, Silver Absinthe, White Lavender, Marine Fennel, Cubeb Peppers, Tobacco Leaf, Juniper Berries, Jasmine, Orris Root, Patchouli, Fir Balsam & Suede. A really delicious, masculine scent.  He alternates between this and a more aquatic fragrance depending on his mood. This is definitely my favorite of the two he uses. When he first started testing it out, I thought it might be too old for him, but after getting used to it, I really favor this scent. He sprays 1 spritz in the morning and when he comes home after work I can still smell it. I'd buy it again in a heartbeat!
5701	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is starting to thin on top.  I have some volumizing shampoo that works well but sometimes I can still see too much scalp when I finish combing my hair.  I sprinkle a little bit of the toppik and it covers all the scalp and makes my hair look fuller.  Well worth the money.

8992	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had one of these for nearly 12 yrs and just got another one

It is not greasy, absorbs instantly, and leaves my skin glowing and looking great. No smell at all. Perfect!
8316	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The butter London brand lacquer has turned me into such a polish snob. I can tell a huge difference in this brand of polish from the cheaper department store/drug store brands. I love this shade of pink, it's not hot pink but not a baby pink either.
1869	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love the color! Doesn't wear as well as some other brands.

6675	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this BaBylissPro!! I can do my hair in 20 mins or less and it's wonderful!! I have long hair, it's not thick but it's not thin either and it's wave/curly but this thing makes my hair last a LONG time straight!! Plus I've used it on my daughter, who has "curly sue" curly hair and it also lasts!! I'm so surprised by that!! Usually by a few hours her hair starts to wave out but not when I use this, so I'm really happy with this purchase
1. DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL COVER CR&Egrave;ME WITH TITANIUM DIOXIDE SUNSCREEN (30SPF):

7830	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This really gives a nice smooth shave. The blade really glides over my face. I don't typically suffer from irritation after shaving but didn't get any after I used this, so the anti irritation works for me.

The bottle itself has a nice black leather wrap. The spritz is not a huge blast, which I've found to be an issue in some sprayer bottles. You will not be overpowered with one shot. I typically spray into the air and walk into the spritz so it's not too much. Do this in my undershirt, mainly aiming for the base of the neck and chest area. This allows products to combine with your natural pheromones, producing a unique scent which is only you. A dab under your ears is great when your date is leaning in close to you. If you have dry skin, you can use a bit more since your skin absorbs more of the product.
I love this particular leave-in conditioner not only because it plays well with heat and dryers but also because it is equally effective at smoothing frizz without help.  I have combination Eurasian hair: my mother's Asian dead straight and fine hair plus my dad's curls so I end up with a somewhat frizzy messy-looking crop with its own mind.  My hair's personality varies with humidity and since products meant for curly hair weighs it down due to the straight bits and straight hair products just don;t cut it, I'm always in search of something in between that will work. This product seems to be the perfect solution to my combination hair woes. It leave my hair frizz-free and silky to touch without weighing it down.
1679	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
Overall, I'm very happy with this and my feeling is it will last for a very long time (it should for the price!). Sometimes, you actually get what you pay for.
5093	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Pevonia products, especially this cleanser.  It is gentle enough to use everyday with the crystals.
The pre shave oil spreads nicely, but is not much different or better than the Gillette pre-shave balm I normally use, also from the dollar store. The shave cream is thick and very luxurious, I've yet to find an equal for that stuff (hence the second star that I awarded to this product!).  The after shave lotion does make my skin feel smooth, I guess, but no moreso than my Nivea lotion that I got at the dollar store.
2579	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very very good
9433	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best facial cleanser I've ever used. Has a terrific grapefruit or lemon-lime scent that tingles just a bit as it lathers up. Use it daily and find this pressurized canister lasts for several months.
5. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL INTENSE POWDERCAMO (NO SPF):
It's hard to describe, it's very nice, but has a thin consistency. It smells very very nice. It makes my hair very soft, but doesn't weight my hair down at all!

If you are into organic and natural ingredients, as well as plant-based ingredients, you will like this product a lot, I suspect.  Juice Beauty products are not tested on animals.
I ordered rose water, cucumber water, glycolic toner and orange cleansing soap and 3 out of 4 bottles cake leaking. Horrible only the orange cleansing soap didn't leak because its ticker formula
7690	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best facial mask product.  Works better than anything else I have ever tried.
I used mineral make-up for years, and then recently switched to a liquid foundation, especially in the winter when everything, including skin, is drier.  I was skeptical about this "creme(cream)-to-powder" formula because I was afraid it would be drying to, or look dry on, my skin with the word "powder" in the product title.
8545	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have used this cleanser for several years.  It has done a great job of cleansing my dry skin without drying it further.  This line of products is excellent.
9041	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice blow dryer but a little heavy!
That Amazon was able to bring me back to where I started.
4731	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another great Jack Black product!  Can't say anything bad about this!
6020	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Not much to say, since it is just a face wash. I can't blame it solely for my face clearing up resently. However, I am using an acne medicine that has over dried my face, and this has been a real life saver! It doesn't dry out my skin more, and leaves my face feeling refreshed and clean.
1359	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Purchased for my elderly mother who constantly laments her thinning hairline. Although this is obviously a superficial solution, it does make her feel like she has more hair in front. A little tricky to apply (it is a fine powder, afterall), and tends to get all over the place. But used judiciously, desired results can be achieved with some practice. Not sure if she will repurchase, but at least for now it offers an easy solution for bald spots. It basically just colors your scalp like shoe polish, doesn't really thicken fine hair as claims.
It's such a lightweight coverage, it's easy to see this being someone's goto everyday makeup.

1144	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	buy directly from PCA
8690	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This light oil is formulated with rose hip extract  not rose hip oil. It has the consistency of water and no discernible odor. Absorbing quickly, it left my skin feeling moist and refreshed. It is to be used after cleansing and toning but before moisturizing. Avoid the eye area. The plastic drop bottle is small but a little goes a long way. Rose hip extract is touted for its anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant properties. I have suffered no ill effects from using this product and am impressed with its gentle hydration.
1830	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great consistency. I love Essie. Beautiful color too!

It has no odor nor does it feel greasy.  This is another nice product from Vichy.
7215	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	easily applied, even coverage, hides skin imperfections with smooth  matte finish
3115	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic cleaner for eye brushes between shadows
5681	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love how easy it is to use this product.  It also works very well and lasts a long time.
2314	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am thrilled to finally find a base coat that works!
We also learned a cologne trick - spray some on your shirt (try a small non-visible area FIRST to make sure it doesn't discolor the shirt), if you start to sweat it will re-activate the cologne and people will smell that instead.

I have yet to find a nail polish that completely delivers on longevity, but this one OPI shade is better than most. Top coat each day and repair and remove polish on any nail that looks off.
Octinoxate (Sunscreen) 2.1%
2641	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Long story short.  This stuff doesn't really smell very nice to me or to my girlfriend.  It smells like old people.  So, if you are an old person who want to smell like an old person, this might be right up your alley.  But otherwise, regretfully, I'd recommend that you skip this one.
3531	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pleased
7120	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Grear will buy again
4560	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	used to use baxter of california toner, but now this is my new favorite one. no need for coton balls or any other pads that thread against your skin and it actually works. great for after shave/shower and most of the time is sufficient to moisturize and balance my skin so no added moisturizer is necessary. will definitely keep buying from amazon at it is at least $3 more expensive at local shops.
140	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	OPI is always a great quality product.
I can and do recommend this to all with discoloration on skin be it from age or the hiding of tattoos.  This gives confidence.
9608	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A lot of fancy bar soaps are too floral for me.  So this one is a nice alternative (I am reviewing the verbena scent).  It is less floral (even though verbena is a flower) than you might expect.  The scent is just a touch herbal but not overly so, and fresh without being artificial.  I'm having a difficult time describing it, but I do really like it.  (For what it's worth, the scent doesn't stick around forever, so you don't have to worry about this conflicting with other fragrances you were planning to wear.)
Be aware that the cleanser is very drying, and the peel will burn if you leave it on too long. Otherwise, this is a fantastic skin care regimen. Five stars.
1965	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great polish. It's a red jelly-cream (mostly jelly) which makes it super shiny. & it's more cool-toned, which tends to be universally flattering. I love it & I feel like it's a perfect red to wear anytime of year.
This makes it thin.
3201	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The shampoo is a thin brownish liquid which easily pours through the large opening in the cap. It took me a while to figure out why I recognized the scent, but it's very similar to Johnson's Baby Shampoo. The container itself is an aluminum canister that cannot be squeezed so it's good that the shampoo flows easily. The container stands only on the bottom, so there will be some waiting time to pour the shampoo as you get toward the end of the bottle. The shampoo works nicely for my thin gray hair, perhaps making it a little more full than it is ordinarily. I tried it for a few days without conditioner, and while there's no problem in terms of hair management, my scalp felt a little more dry than it does if I follow the shampoo with a moisturizing conditioner. Overall, a nice product that works as expected but is somewhat more pricey than I'd like.
9654	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Jane Iredale and llove her just kissed line. Love the color
1866	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Fast shipping, product just as described
3147	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This fragrances finishes (dries) into a very expensive powdery scent. I purchased this for my mother. If you want to smell soft & rich. This is the perfume for you.
4326	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This balm smells like lime, just like a Mojito.  It is very refreshing, and goes on incredibly smooth.  When you rub your lips together, they glide.  I love how it remains on your lips for at least a half an hour after you apply it.  It doesn't soak in, like some lip balms do.  It also doesn't leave a mint, after burn, when you apply it.  If you have very chapped lips, using a strong mint balm makes them burn.  You don't have to worry about that with this balm.  8.00 is a bit pricey for it, however, but, if you want a quality lip balm, then you won't be disappointed with this!
I put one squirt on my arm and the smell was still going strong.  It wasn't overpowering and at least on me left a decent scent.  Everyone really needs to try a cologne first because each smell reacts differently with each person.  I would personally try it out somewhere and make sure you like it.  This is true with all perfumes and colognes.  I don't know what other people have talked about with the smell not being strong.  It might come down to a bad product or something but my bottle, at least, is good.
3119	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is great for a quick clean. And it smells sooo good. It has a nice citrus scent to it. So my brushes smell good afterwards
527	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dermablend Cover Creme Full Coverage Foundation provides 16 hours of coverage.  While providing full coverage, its also very light.  You apply it with your fingertips.  Dot or dab on and set with powder.  This little one ounce bottle will last a long time if you are using it as a concealer.  It also works as a sunscreen, because it has Broad Spectrum SPF 30.
5442	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like the scent of this cleanser - sort of a mild citrus and fruit. It dispenses as a soft, creamy lotion texture and it doesn't require a lot to clean your face.
6788	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	NECESSARY for anyone with acne skin!
Moisturizer
5971	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best nail polish out there.  Period.  It is free of chemicals, wears really well and has really cool colors.  What else can I say?  The only nail polish i will buy.
230	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
8115	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great shampoo. really great for dry, thin hair. I have alot of hair, but it is fine, and it is hard to find a hair product that keeps my hair moisturized. love this shampoo, but it will burn your eyes. tingles when you use it.
I have a mirror in the shower so I can shave in the shower- for those of you with sensitive skin, this is the best way to shave, as the heat/steam from the shower will soften your beard and making shaving a LOT easier.
Sapora for OPI also makes some nice glitters.
Not only can I variably apply this creamier product to cover the face and problem areas with my fingers, I can also use a sponge blender for a more airbrushed look, then applying more product to the flaws. This shade is a tad darker than the other shades of make-ups, so as with the cr&egrave;me, and the powders, I may experiment with altering the look as in 2A.  Win-Win-Win.  I also may add a finishing touch of the Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray for a fresh stay; with or without powders.
2289	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love  this product and the service
9477	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for at least a decade. It's  comparable to more expensive brands on the market. Brand is undervalued.
7185	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Its not fun being on the search, once you find it, stick close.
1074	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Dermablend line has become a new favorite in our household. This setting powder does its job with ease.
5872	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it! Very easy to apply! Quick dry!
876	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really loving this multi-purposethermal spring water spray.  first of all I like the size of the bottle...it will definitely last me longer than most aqua sprays, appreciate the simple design and the easy squeeze pump spray. It comes out in a gentle mist. *pic enclosed*

 Dermablend Pro Translucent Loose Setting Powder in my three separate medium shades (separate jars); when applied and then dusted off created light on dark or dark on light look as I so chose. A. What I mean is that with the lighter shade of cr&egrave;me I was able to get the same look with the darker powder, as with the opposite of that technique using the darker cr&egrave;me and a lighter powder. Altogether, with these medium shades I was able to get a perfect match, thus prolonging my experience.  B. Also, with the white translucent powder I have found that I am getting a more dimensional look by applying the light shade powder on certain areas of my face, and on top or around in certain areas like cheeks, nose, chin, forehead, I will carefully apply and lightly dust the medium-toned translucent powders as described, allowing it to not look quite so much like monotone matte over my sallow complexion.  Another plus 1,000 for me.
8053	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is starting to thin on top.  I have some volumizing shampoo that works well but sometimes I can still see too much scalp when I finish combing my hair.  I sprinkle a little bit of the toppik and it covers all the scalp and makes my hair look fuller.  Well worth the money.
the Peptide creams.
12	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	'Love this stuff.  Very smooth, very moisturizing.  Got it as a gift and reordered it as soon as it ran out!
5731	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very good product and really does give the impression that you have more than you really do! I highly recommend if you are looking for a quick and easy way to cover up thinning hair!!
8141	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am almost 50 years old. Suddenly my skin started breaks out. I bought it and it works!! It cleared my skin nicely. I run out on the cleanser and used another line one I had. Of course my skin broke out. I run to my laptop and reorder it.
8964	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product wife won't buy any other kind
2724	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	did not realize it was frosted, I wanted matte

923	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This gel works wonders and my hair is actually fluffy this morning.
1382	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very good product, fast shipping and have used it before, color is good for blondes, very good as far as using it to cover spots


8597	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have not found one in this path that I have not liked. Good quality is what it is. Would be an excellent gift.

8947	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff!!! I alternate between this facial spray and my Evian spray. Wish I started using these sooner!
4441	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this facial cleaner. First of all the container is HUGE and much bigger than I expected.  Second of all it feels great on my skin and basically works my makeup off with little effort which is so nice. I use makeup wipes, or used to use but don't really like the waste. I prefer to use a warm washcloth and cleaner but makeup comes off easier with the wipes.
Steps

It feels cool when applied, and starts to work immediately. I notice a big difference within five to ten minutes. And my sensitive skin is fine with it.

I was also very impressed that my skin didn't get oily after the fact either.  I loved this mask, and may not ever let the hubby know that it was really a men's product.
5095	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is very nice for the face ..I used this with my clarisonic brush and it has a refreshing feel after u rinse your face .. I use the peel to this brand also and I love it

1208	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	It's like sprinkling salt or pepper on your head and expecting it to look like hair...Don't bother purchasing.
5697	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a really helpful product for my fine hair.  I wish there was an easier way to apply other than shaking from the bottle.
1968	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the perfect pink and I really love it.  Order and I don't think you will be disappointed at all.
6025	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good product.  I am pleased and will purchase again.
Regular foundation

 It's also good to use on the chest and back if there are breakouts.
* The sharpener and little scraper thingie that comes with the pencil.  I don't have to hunt around for an old make up sharpener, plus I don't have to find a pin to stick in the sharpener to clean it out.
6580	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This spray is calming and refreshing. Considering I think that's all it's supposed to do, it works perfectly. I don't think I'll repurchase since there isn't anything noticably different after using it. It is nice to set my makeup and make my highlight more prominent. I love using it after my foundation to make all of my products blend together.
I have been using one brand or another ever since I saw it work so well on my daughter. You absolutely can use coconut or olive oil but you will be left with that oily coat on your skin. This Beauty Oil is formulated to foam with water and that is what washes the oil from your skin. I'm not sure which ingredient it is, the label is very tiny.

2662	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a wonderful, class fragrance. It has a nice spicy, wood scent. I definitely recommend it.
This Eau de Toilette is just lovely! The manufacturer says Nantucket has wild briar roses and ambergris with notes of citrusy bergamot, vanilla and earthy patchouli.  What I smell on me is a powdery, and somewhat musky floral, which is nice, because I think that is a not-too-sweet and clean scent.  The patchouli and vanilla give this a very erotic scent.  I love a bit of spiciness that you would get from Pachouli, , but I do not smell that -- I smell exotic powder.  Interesting how a blend of scents add up to a clean scent.
8175	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Great product.
5555	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, it takes just a small amount to cover my thinning area

1003	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	These are exactly what they say they are. You can get glycolic acid pads under a much more expensive brand, or you can buy these.  I use them once a week or so as part of a mini facial I give myself. When I'm done with my face, I wipe my upper arms and chest.  I've had bad keratosis pilaris for a while and it's gone down, which I think is thanks to these pads.
Just because I can no longer get them done at the salon does not mean I cannot rock a great looking nail.
2810	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Here are the first impressions:
A hair stylist recommended that I forget about the gel and try this product. I had very little hope that it measured up to all the hype, but (obviously) I was pleasantly surprised. Nail Envy does not work instantly. When you're just starting out (or starting over) with Nail Envy, you  have to use this product as directed for at least 2 weeks before you see a difference. I have recommended this product to other people who did not follow the instructions, and they did not get the results. For the first week and a half or so, your nails may still break and do whatever it is that they typically do. Just give it time. Use as directed, and you will be very happy with the results! (Be *sure* to cut/file/buff out any splits in your nails. Nail Envy will not repair or mend damage that has already occurred to the nail.)

4599	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE LOVE LOVE the Abba moisture hair products line. Leaves my hair smelling wonderful for days, I also get compliments on how soft my hair feels!
Live and learn!
What I intended to say in this review is that I'd never actually *pay* the price for this product (I received it free as a Vine reviewer), but now that I've been using it, I'm not sure I can say that anymore. I've tried several less expensive products (some organic, some not) and always given up on them within a week for various reasons. I've found nothing to complain about with this so far, though, and could see myself wanting to continue with it when this far is empty. However, I still feel the price is rather steep, so I can't really give it five stars. It's not miracle-working, just a very nice moisturizer, so for $45 for this little 2-ounce jar I can't justify a five-star rating. If I change my mind about that when I've finished this jar, I'll update my review.
7409	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used moisturizers before and I try to take care of my skin and while I thought those were good, Baxter's night cream was much better than anything I've used.
One suggestion for Toppik company is to make the darn container transparent - it is completely opaque, so there is no way to know when you are running out, except to shake it in the sink. Dumb, as people would order sooner, if they knew they were running low.
6123	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This facial cleansing soap is not what I expected. It has fine granules - somehow I missed that in the description. I wanted to use it to remove my makeup - but with the granules I have to remove my mascara separately. Having said that, my husband grabbed the bottle and adores it. He has dry skin and this formula does not strip or irritate his face.
9884	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Don't be afraid of this razor.  It's just like any other razor, it's just smoother because of the slanted blade.  You'll especially notice this when you've not shaved for a week.  If you're just starting out - follow the same rule you would if you were using a disposable:  DON'T PUSH.  Just let the weight of the razor do the work.  Properly lubricate and use decent shaving cream and you'll be fine.  I would also suggest using the sharpest blades you can find, like Feather.
1221	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Use this stuff regularly. Covers temporary hair loss from a medical condition.
I've been using this for well over a year and think it is the best thing I've found for my feet.
8230	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful shade.. between blue and periwinkle. Perfect and long lasting. I use their system...base... topcoat nd color. Yippee. Very nice quality
8898	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the product.

865	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This La Roche-posay thermal spring water spray is nice and refreshing.  It comes out of the can in a fine spray.  I use it to refresh my face without make up on but this also works well for refreshing your foundation during the day.
3032	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	my skin is allergic to this . so i have to return it.


9022	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works good, got here quickly and in good packaging. Is really appealing to the eye and works so good!
888	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The La Roche-Posay Thermal Spring water feels so good.  It's a light mist that sprays out. It feels refreshing on your face. I use it throughout the day. I'm a parent with a toddler and a newborn, so a spritz is a quick pick me up.  I don't normally wear makeup around the house, so I don't have to worry about messing up my makeup.  It does feel much nicer sprayed on after you wash your face before you apply your moisturizer.
6274	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Really like this stuff. Has a good smell, foams well. Leaves skin feeling clean. Maybe a bit overpriced, like all BJ stuff. But I'll probably continue to use it

986	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am in love with these 20% glycolic pads. my skin is already looking clear and they use it with the skin lightener which makes it even better
2137	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff from PM. Our little girl tangles my wifes hair and she swears by this stuff. She really likes it.
If other acne sufferers are looking for an alternative or natural cure, I would like to mention that neem and zinc (in combination) have worked well for me in the cast.

7082	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Solid.
1777	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have this shade already and I still absolutely love it.
8010	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have ordered Toppik before and it must have been the real thing because it worked better. This one

2019	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'd been dying for this color from the day I saw it on the Essie site, and for anyone who's been on there you'll know it's been sold out for months! Finally I found it on Amazon and I nearly cried. It's the most perfect pink and definitely a must have nail polish color. No matter the season, hot pink is always in style, and it's absolutely perfect for nights out! It makes me feel ten times hotter when I'm shaking it in the club and my glowing pink tipped nails catch the flashing lights. Definitely buy this color!!! You need it I swear.
8136	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using for years, gentle for skin, good cleaner, like it very much.

1196	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product a couple of years. they  just bumped the price from $46.00 to $57.00 Increase  23% that bothers me. They use our positive comments and feedback . I know exactly what they are doing.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TOPPIK-Hair-Building-Fibers-Black-0-97-oz/dp/B0002ZW5UQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TOPPIK Hair Building Fibers, Black, 0.97 oz.</a>
SHAVING- let me save you years of trial and error: take a warm shower & wash your face with billy jealousy exfoliating facial cleanser, shave afterwards with a $50 Merkur safety razor handle with good blades (save $100's on mach 3 refills!), use a $20 Tweezerman badger hair shaving brush to apply taylor of old street bond (or proraso) shaving cream (you can let it set in a minute), shave WITH the grain DOWN, SLOWLY, SOFTLY (don't press hard- let the weight of the handle and sharp blade do the cutting), lastly rub on a fingertip of proraso pre/post shave cream while your face is still wet and let it dry! Say goodbye to razor bumps and ingrown hairs FOREVER! Trust me- I've tried dozens of pricey face washes, shaving creams, and after shaves over the last 4 years. If you don't want to commit so much money yet- order the pre/post shave proraso cream online, buy proraso shave cream online or at bath and body works (under their C.O. Bigelow label) then get the cheap single blade disposables (mach 3's are too aggressive) at a grocery store and you'll notice a difference overnight.
505	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have tried several Dermablend products recently, and this cover creme is definitely my favorite thus far. I think I have finally found my perfect shade for foundation. It adds a touch of color without looking artificial, and I don't have to waste time rubbing off excess to tone it down. You can use the included plastic stick to scrape off some foundation (a little can go a long way, but it's a work of trial and error) to place on your hand and activate by rubbing, then applying to your face.
1034	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful set and lots of very useful stuff. Love the smell. It's a light smell that's not the typical powder smell which I don't care for. It's a clean smell.
607	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really love these pencils! Smooth creamy but last all day!
2442	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can save lots of time drying my hair. It works great!
I am new to the Mario Badescu line but am impressed by this product and its benefits.  It does not cause any irritation and I have very sensitive skin.  I would recommend it.
This works fabulously; it is creamy and it stays put; it is smart just as the LOreal Dermablend Professional Cover Cr&egrave;me, because it has that strength of sunscreen that my dermatologist recommends, even as I am in my home, shades drawn.  It covers very well, looks flawless with or without other products, yet it works synergistically with the wonderful LOreal Dermablend Pro line. I have it in a tan color, and I would have thought since I usually use lighter shades of concealers that it would not have looked so perfect with my medium skin. Lovely. Plus 1,000, and very smart.

It is economical to use and takes care of that oily shine problem.  What a great product!
100	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color will cheer you up!

Recommended. prisrob 11-02-15
5097	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the most awesome product I have ever used.  Have been using this product for over 20 years... Yes over 20 years. Gentle and great exfoliating.  Only need to use once or twice a week. Pevonia is the best facial products I have ever used.

9237	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff. Works like a charm. Mario Badescu has some great products and I love the drying lotion. I have cystic acne that never goes away and this takes care of it. I've tried Proactive, Actutane and loads of other things that couldn't touch it, but this really works. Plus I have sensitive skin and this doesn't bother it at all.
5889	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color, worth the money, fast shipping, and great drying time of nail polish......just amazing all around.
282	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great summer color and cheaper on Amazon than at Target.
612	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent eye shadow. I discovered this brand while searching for more natural, less toxic makeup. I use makeup occasionally, mainly because it irritates my eyes. It has been several months since I ordered this and a few other Jane Iredale eye shadows. Have not had any problems with allergies or eye irritations. The powders are soft and are very easy to apply. Will get more collors, definitely!

MINUSES

6890	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is the cat's pajamas.  Washes the face wonderfully, leaves the skin feeling fresh and clean and moist.  It has a nice consistency and smell to it, and I can use it on my face every day.  I have moderately oily skin, and I can use it daily with no issues.
Polish lasts longer
The cleanser is indeed effective but, as I mention above, he can only use it at night because... well... it smells. It's not overwhelming but... we know teenagers, they can't stand embarrassment. The other issue is, of course, price. There are similarly effective cleansers that can be had for significantly less and are even fragrance-free.
I am no fan of using my fingers on the go, so it stays in my vanity at home, but since it lasts so long after it is applied, it works well. Pot lip glosses actually stay sanitary more than the kind you dip a wand into, so.....just make sure you wash your hands first!

7302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my second Antica Farmacista room spray. Previously I had the Lemon, Verbena, and Cedar one, which is very fresh. The Sandalwood Amber is much bolder, more masculine / mature. It's very nice for autumn. We use these as bathroom sprays, and for that they are excellent. Highly recommended.
ORIGINAL REVIEW:
6086	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Mario Badescu Seaweed Cleaning Soap for several days now.  I don't use a lot of cleansing soaps but I am very pleased with this one.  The 8 oz bottle is easy to handle and use.  The screw off top has a nice opening to allow you to get the amount you need to use, unlike some flip lids that don't make it hard to get product out of the container.  allow  The lime green color of the product is nice.  The cleansing soap is a little thick but thats the way it should be.  Message a small amount of cleansing soap onto your skin in a circular motion.  Rinse with warm water.  My skin felt clean and not dry.
It doesn't change the shade of my foundation, no stark or overly powered areas.
Here is the full ingredients list since I didn't see it on the product page:
5721	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very good product, fast shipping and have used it before, color is good for blondes, very good as far as using it to cover spots
8062	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My stylist told me about Toppik when she noticed how thin my hair was getting to be.  She purchased the 0.36oz/10.3g for me from the local beauty supply.  Even with her discount it was almost $25.  But I really liked how Toppik camouflages my thin spots.  Only a couple of people have noticed that there is something different with my hair.  Only one person realized what the difference was, and only because she'd also used Toppik.

5992	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this stuff.  I have sensitive skin and it did not bother me.
I am a young woman, and without this product I would go back to  feeling  very self -conscience and uncomfortable in public.
7926	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	it covers gray hair perfectly
1025	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well but very strong smelling. It's not a bad smell but if you have a sensitivity to perfumes you might want to steer clear of this one. Other than that we didn't experience any rashes or negative side effects from using this product. The kit contains everything a new mother would need to keep her babies skin clean, soft, and hydrated. It also includes diaper rash cream which we haven't needed to use yet. Great gift set for a new mother and baby.
1631	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Zoya Polish!  I use the base and top coat along with 2 coats of polish. I can usually go 2 weeks without a chip.  And it is easy to remove the polish.  Also knowing it is 5 Free brings peace of mind!
616	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Can't say enough about Jane Iredale products all I have used in over five years. Recommended by plastic surgery (my husband' s cousin )  he said that Jane Iredale is what he has all his patients use after surgery. It coverage is light weight, healing to the skin.




day 9- the scab came off and the spot was 80% lighter. omg the heavens opened up and i was sparred. still applying vitamin E though. So thankful. listen to your skin and be careful
7805	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My significant other has problems with extra-sensitive skin that always get red and irritated after shaving. In addition, he is sensitive to scented products. According to him, this Vichy after shave balm is the first product he tried (and, believe me, there have been many) that really cuts down on the ugly red welts he gets on his face after shaving. It cools down his skin, thereby helping to prevent razor burn, and it does so without using alcohol or any other ingredients that sting the skin. Because it is unscented, it is also safe for use by those who have scented product sensitivities. I, personally, was really surprised at the reasonable price here on Amazon. Many of the products he has tried have been very expensive, and then they didn't work for him. This is a great product. If you have skin problems after shaving, this Vichy balm is definitely something I would recommend that you try. I hope it works for you as well as it does for him.
2221	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Began using on the suggestion of my aesthetician. She's right it helps all my other products work much better and I do see a difference. I get compliments on my skin all the time and I am told constantly that I don't look 53
7956	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fills in those thin spots nicely..Great for men or women.
I hated shaving! My skin always got irritated and burned after! Then I tried this stuff after watching hours of videos, I broke down and gave it a whack. Now mind you I'm in a wheel chair so it is harder for me to shave and I get worn out in my chair quickly!!!! After using this I look forward to shaving I can't wait for the stubble at 5pm or 5am to show up cause I'm going to shave... I will spend the extra 10 min to get outta  bed to go through the procedure to shave ! My skin comes out so smooth and irritation free!!!!!! And the girlfriend really noticed a difference! Spend the money, spend the time to learn , spend the time to treat your self to something fun and comforting !!!
However, I must say I really like this product on my skin.  If I had to compare it with any other products available I would compare it with Neutrogena's hand cream.  This moisturizer is much lighter than mentioned hand cream but the feeling of incredibly soft skin is just the same.  I use it in the morning on the days when weather is icy cold outside or when it is snowing.  I layer it with skin protection SPF cream.  Product absorbs well and it is an excellent addition to my already existing collection of Obagi skin care line products.  This product is good for any skin type.
I have waited for my wife to put on make-up so she could use this product to remove it.  Yesterday she sat at her make-up station and tried out several of her new eye applications (different bases and one with glitter that she's used before) and said for me to give this full marks.  She was very pleased with the efficient way it took off the make-up and cleaned her face (multiple times) and was pleased that she did not need to rinse afterward.  Today she says she felt NO discomfort with her face and she is totally pleased with it and will buy this brand from now on.

7793	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The menthol feels great on this, but more importantly, it contains the most popular active ingredient that is proven to work against acne, salicylic acid.  It does a good job of clearing up my skin and it doesn't dry me out.  A little goes a long way.
This works fabulously; it is creamy and it stays put; it is smart just as the LOreal Dermablend Professional Cover Cr&egrave;me, because it has that strength of sunscreen that my dermatologist recommends, even as I am in my home, shades drawn, as my dermatologist has warned about.  I have already sun damage under my right eye where there is a dark spot.  This covers very well, looks flawless with or without other products, yet it works synergistically with the wonderful LOreal Dermablend Pro line. I have it in a tan color, and I would have thought since I usually use lighter shades of concealers that it would not have looked so perfect with my medium skin. Lovely. Plus 1,000%, and very smart.
The feel is silky almost.. it rubs in effortlessly and doesnt have any grease... ill also say it reduces the effect of razor burn ALMOST right away! I was greatly surprised.. my skin felt really moisturized all day too.
Moisture Magnet SPF 15 sun screen provides moderate sun protection in the form of a facial moisturizer. It is a light textured, pink lotion that comes in a no frills 2 ounce plastic squeeze bottle. The lotion has a light floral fragrance.

And she really likes it. So there's no loss there EVER.

Good luck!

4819	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this conditioner! It helps keep my red brighter for longer and smells great. It makes my hair soft without weighing it down, too.
This pencil seemed so creamy when I swatched it, I could just imagine how smoothly it was going to go onto my lid, and how it surely must look amazing! I didn't notice when that swatch on my hand looked all smeary before I left the store....it was too late anyway, I had the pencil in my bag.

4427	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't wear a lot of make-up, especially waterproof, so this 3 in 1 cleanser works very well for me. I usually use it before taking a shower so I rinse my face with warm water after using it. My face feels so moisturized and soft sometimes I even skip my usual moisturizer. .
7) Comes with tiny application spatula.
She's had a zit problem ever since arriving in the USA and has tried many products to stop them.  The only thing that has worked was going back to Philippines for 3 months.  We have no idea if it's something in the ingredients of something she eats here, or some sort of spray on the vegetables... but she hides it when she wants to look really nice with an application of Dermablend products.
290	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat OPI polish and can't beat the price on Amazon!  A winning combination for me.
This is a sulfate-free shampoo and I do find myself using a lot of it, which is the reason I have taken off one star.  I am going to run out of my bottle in a few weeks.  When I use a lot, I can actually get something that approaches a pretty good lather.  This has a somewhat coconutty scent (I really can't smell the sage at all) and no artificial dyes.  It rinses out of my hair without leaving residue (doesn't make the shower slippery, either, which some sulfate free shampoos can do) and I do feel that my hair is clean afterwards.
3144	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has been my cologne for the past 4 years now. I just love how it just smells clean and not overpowering.
2243	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT FOR HOME USE !!!!!

7540	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is my long time preferred moisturizer. It feels great on with a light but pleasing scent. This is a bit heavier than other moisturizers so I find it good for winter months here in WI.
138	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	rich and beautiful color
The packaging is great. An airtight, lock-tight lid makes it easy to carry and good for travel, though there's no mirror. The company makes a travel compact with mirror and you can use this product as a refill for it.
9217	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dries out pimples really well. Helps them come to a head if they have not yet. I like that I can truly spot treat because since my face is dry from all the acne products I don't to apply spot treatment anywhere but where I need it. With creams although I try to spot treat it ends up being a larger area than the bump site. I am very happy with it. Will continue to use it. I don't know that it works any better than when I use the Proactiv sulfur mask as a spot treatment. I will put a dab of that on a pimple before bed and it dries it out pretty good the next day. And it is much cheaper since it comes "free" with the proactiv 3 piece kit. But even so I bought this and I like it and still would buy it again.
1517	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	All Zoya polishes are great, for most colors you only need a single coat to get full nail coverage without any streaks. This color looks exactly as described, a nice light gray. I actually got it to replace Sally Hensen's "Earl Grey" color which I lost and it is a very good match. The Sally Hensen polish is discontinued so the prices for it were outrageous. Zoya's "Dove" is a perfect replacement.
4371	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have acne prone skin so i always thought that rich moisturizing creams are a no-no. I went to my local spa and the lady suggested this brand - i purchased it and really like it a lot. It's not too heavy and doesn't "sit" on the top of skin forever.
9211	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing!! I'm 35 &  I've tried everything for a fast removal of a zit. Nothing worked like this!! Before bed I Put it on 3 zits that appeared that morning. When I woke up 2 were completely gone and one is 1/4 of the size & the redish color gone completely. I'll NEVER not have this around!
2505	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am using my husbands account. I have used this for a few days now. I like it ok. It's a light coverage and does not lay in my middle age wrinkles lol I however use Maybelline fit me concealer with it also. It alone just don't seem like enough for me. I not only use it under my eyes but the corners of my nose, my chin and for head just to add a lil highlight. Over all it's a pretty good product. I would recommend this to someone who likes a light coverage. Especially middle age woman like me. I am 45 so yeah the fine lines are appearing unfortunately!
As for removing makeup, it is not as effective as I had hoped. Too much product  is needed to remove my average workday makeup - using my normal remover with water is easier, faster and more thorough. But using this after my usual remover is wonderful and definitely a nice last step to add to my cleansing routine. On days when I do not wear makeup, this is perfect for keeping my skin looking and feeling clean, such as after a workout or a day spent outdoors.
By using Supersmile's toothpaste with an electric toothbrush at night before bed, I was able to remove most of the stains on my teeth and get them as naturally white as possible.  I love how the Supersmile accelerant is in a separate tube so I can choose when I need to use it in combination with the toothpaste (to get the inbetween teeth stains) to get my teeth beyond natural white (but not optical white).
3015	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this lotion. It is nice and think and feels good on my red, dry skin. It absorbs well and leaves no residue on my skin. I do wish that this had a nicer scent like most products from this company do, but the scent of it instantly dissipates, so I really cannot complain.
8430	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The gel burnt under my eyes. It got slightly swollen under there as well. Use with caution
1005	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My dermatologist recommended this product for me and I really like it. She referred to it as an "at home peel" which I think is a good description. You start off slow (2 minutes) and build up to 10 minutes. I have been using Retinol for a number of years and I could only use this for 2 minutes to start. However, my skin looks great! Clear, bright and less wrinkles.
but this one is great.
5915	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Only one complaint about this nail polish.  It doesn't last long on my finger nails.  The color is lovely, and is longer lasting on my toe nails.
THE BOTTOM LINE
9200	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used Mario Badescu products for years--I have often alternated and tried other brands to see if I can duplicate the results I see with this drying lotion, but few brands come close (the one that comes closest for me is Clinique's acne solutions spot healing gel--I actually keep both on hand in case one type of stubborn pimple reacts better to one than the other!).
Zoya was having a sale and I couldn't resist this one.  It is unlike anything else I have.  I feel like it is a true duochrome (and not just using the name to attract attention).  You can see the shifting between the green and purple in the bottle, but also on your nails.  Depending on how I hold my hand with respect to a light source, my nails look either purple or green, with maybe just a suggestion of the other color.  It's pretty cool and I can't stop looking at it!
5398	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i love how it exfoliates your skin as your washing it off
My "go to" product has always been OPI.  Due to respiratory problems I cannot endure the salon fumes to have a mani-pedi. BUMMER! I purchased this spray along with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/OPI-Rapidry-Top-Coat/dp/B000IRY3FS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">OPI Rapidry Top Coat</a>. This combo can beat the toughest humidity a cornfield can offer.
49	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have a multitude of "designer deodorants" and while this has absolutely NO SCENT it caused a reaction on my skin. I've never had this issue with ANY deodorant before however I will never purchase this deodorant again.
It made a believer out of me...and a repeat customer. Maybe I can put off that restaline treatment for awhile.
6760	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	There are some folks out there who really dislike this product. I am not one of them.
INGREDIENTS

7014	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin is super sensitive and I have always had acne. When I started using natural and organic products in high school my skin cleared up right away. Then that company went out of business and my skin started flaring up again.
9622	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product smells great and is great for sensitive skin as I am allergic to many. My boyfriend and I love this soap and the Shea Butter one.
I will buy it again.
Malaga Wine is another lovely darker, coolor, winey-red color. (Try Kennebunk-port, too. Niiiice.)  And in the warmer reds, Thrill of Brazil, Smok'n in Havana are tops. Moscow Red and Big Apple Red are terrific medium reds. And the signature OPI RED is probably flattering on just about everybody, a clear, bright red edging into coolness, a crisp red.
Strawberry Fruit Extract
9416	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the quality of the product.
83	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This blue something about it. It just catches the eye. Def a keeper
1039	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it and I also have it in one of the colors
1508	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used OPI's natural nail basecoat for a while, but have noticed some peeling at the side of my nail whenever I apply lotion or cuticle cream.

9889	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great item.
5797	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I did not get a chance to buy it but if they have will buy it
1842	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The picture doesn't do this color justice. I love this nail polish interestingly enough, I get more compliments from men than women when I use it. Goes with just about everything and a great color for winter.
2760	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This smells great and works as promised.
By far, this is my FAVORITE PCA product.  It has (in my opinion) a wonderful aroma and absorbs quickly.  My skin is noticeably brighter after using it.
6701	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works beautifully.  I have straight thick hair with a reverse bob cut. This is a great iron. It has specific settings for specific hair.  It must have ten settings.  I'm 25/30 hest level for normal and thick hair.  Remember, you get what you pay for.
6197	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Seems like a great product so far. We'll see.
9705	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is one of the most effective hand creams I have found. I'm a professional landscaper, and my hands get thrashed. But nobody knows that, because each night I exfoliate and moisturize heavily so that I can still have nice hands.
-Most importantly, this is a great deal.  All together, this is a pretty awesome gift set.
I recommend getting this product!
Really loving this setting powder!

FOLLOWING ENCLOSED INSTRUCTIONS (1 star rating)

405	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife is a die hard makeup fan, she watches YouTube videos daily about makeup and what not, so when I mentioned Dermablend to her, she knew right away what is was. She is a natural/buff beige, but during the summer months, she buys different shades of cover up to match her skin after she tans, she does not like the white face and brown chest look. Issue she ran into was colors on our computer screen did not match the colors received, probably due to our display, we checked out the same color on a few different screens, and the shades looked different on all 3. Over overall she said it provides great coverage, a little goes a long way, does not need to be caked on and leaves her face looking great. The product is a little pricey, but will last a long time, overall great Product, 5 Stars
I'm not sure how much AHA (glycolic acid) there is in the cream. It doesn't tingle or itch like Roc or Neutrogena AHA cream.
8882	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Easy to spread over face and easy to wash off.  My skin feels wonderful afterwards.
733	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Fast arrival. Very nice item works very well. Thank you for a pleasant transaction.
9738	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	CAN'T BE WITHOUT THIS PRODUCT GREAT FOR AGING SKIN.
Thanks Teresa
3947	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice. I saw no drastic difference, but it's a nice mask. I sometimes use it as a moisturizer and don't wash it off.
5544	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product has changed my life... I feel so much confidence since I've had it. I was tired of people looking at the back of my balding head and the top. This adds hair fibers to existing hair. It covers everything on.my balding head. Sometimes it takes some time in the morning to do just like you have regular hair. You have to get a hang of the pepper shaker style. I have tried the other tools they offer, but as a primery bald person that just seems to not work as well. The pump just blows powder all over. Most people don't even notice there's a difference, and they think I just dyed my hair. I sleep with it at night and leave it on for almost about a week (5 days) then it starts to get a little itchy. Has to be touched up everyday. I.spray w hair spray n blow it w blower to hold. I have read that you can get it wet and when I go in the shower it doesn't seem to come out right away... but I haven't quite tested that theory out yet. Also cut it when trimming up like real hair. It's Worth the try for any guy n gal, n would be excellent for guys w fullet hair but thinning.

Buy Proraso's green tube and a badger brush
Ultimately, if I had a mainstream brand next to an indie, I'll buy the indie.  I only buy OPI or CG when on sale.  I'm happy with this purchase @ $5.50 but if it were $10, I'd buy me an indie instead.


6754	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This curling iron is the best curling iron I have every used! I used my friend's to curl my hair for a wedding I was in, and I bought one soon after! It works very well!
Other than that good stuff!
age: 57

15	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Best Hand Cream Ever, I love this product. Not greasy.
1162	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great! Thanks!
1364	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The product was as I expected.  I have used this product for sometime now, and am please with the results I get.
We liked it.  It's a nice product more versatile than one might suppose.  5 stars.

Recommended. prisrob 09-29-13
8519	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Mario Badescu Moisture Magnet SPF 15 Lotion works effectively as a both a facial moisturizer and light sunscreen.  The lotion is very thick, but goes on smoothly, absorbs quickly, and doesn't feel heavy on the skin.  There is a light scent to it that definitely has a sunscreen smell to it, but it's very subdued so neither you, nor people around you, will smell the lotion on you.  The lotion slightly tinted pink, but the tint does not show up on the skin.  I have normal/dry skin, and found this moisturizer worked well for me during the day.  The dry flaky patches on my face haven't shown up during the day when wearing this product (I use a different moisturizer at night), and the added SPF, while low, works well at protecting my skin while I'm out and about.  Makeup isn't affected when using this moisturizer as a base, and I haven't had any issues with smudging or streaking when using with various makeup products.  This lotion leaves skin feeling and looking matte, and works well when using it by itself.  I have slightly sensitive skin, and I haven't had any issues with breakouts or irritation.  Overall, this is worth considering if you're looking for a good everyday daytime skin moisturizer/sunscreen.
4597	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this conditioner.  It smells great and feels great on my scalp and on my hair.  Product came quickly and was well packaged with no leaking.  Would buy from this seller again.
2229	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So, as I was searching the internet one night for a product to help my adult cystic acne, I came across these glycolic acid treatment pads. The reviews were great, and they were also supposed to help with fine lines and wrinkles! I was VERY skeptical for sure, but I was also desperate, so I ordered them.
2085	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Went to get my nails done and chose this color.  I love it.  So many people have asked me about who made it.  I would have given it a 5 star rating but sometimes, you'll need 3 coats instead of 2 to get the true color.

9458	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I usually buy the Cherry Stila lip and cheek stain but after years of getting the same thing, I wanted to try something a little different. This color is more of a fuchsia or blue based red. It stains darker than the Cherry stain. While it wasn't bad on my lips, I couldn't use this shade as a cheek stain. I actually lost this product before I finished it but when I re-ordered, I went back to the Cherry.
9259	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is much lighter and easier to spread than other face masks I have used. The directions say to leave it on for 10 minutes, then rinse off. It rinses off easily, using my hands instead of a washcloth, and does not leave my skin feeling dry and tight like other products I have used. This works well for my "combination" oily and dry skin. It might not work as well for someone with only oily skin.
6239	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been a consumer of this brand for 20 years. I think that speaks for itself.
486	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff. It's not super heavy.  It's a big darker than I thought. Easy to blend! Highly recommend.


5171	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The girl is already starting to get blemishes. This product helps the skin from drying out and also protects from further bacteria to keep the skin from getting more blemishes. The Hyaluspot Formula contains Hyaluronic Acid to isolate the spot from bacteria and Salicylic Acid + LHA to treat the spot to prevent more spots. This goes on as a light gel and dries quickly. The girl is liking the results.
5340	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I read a review about Bioelements' mask recently and decided to give it a try. I'm glad I did.  First of all it smells great, goes on easily and only takes a small amount to cover your whole face.  I put it on before my shower and before I'm ready to get out I simple wash it off. My face feels fresh, smooth and clean!
1015	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	With lipsticks, I have to be very careful or I will look like a clown! My skin is very white, almost a porcelain so I need a lipstick with blue overtones. This is the first time that I have selected a lipstick without seeing in person. The color is exactly like it is portrayed in the picture so I am very relieved. I love the color.


Application tips:  The "suggested use" is to warm up the product in your palms before applying, but I found that technique wasted too much product.  Instead try putting small dots of the cream on your face and rubbing in gently using your fingertips in a circular motion.  It is also "suggested" to use morning and evening, but for me this is strictly an evening cream.  The rich formula takes a while to absorb and leaves your face with a matte finish that didn't play well with my make-up.  Plus there isn't any SPF.
6276	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great Product!! Leaves face feeling super clean!!


6842	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I used to use another drying lotion but got out of the habit and started using benzoyl peroxide more. But lately I've been having some issues with breakouts due to what I believe to be hormonal changes. So I was again looking for a quick solution. This is handy for calming and clearing blemishes. It is mostly like calamine lotion that has settled down in some alcohol. You just take a Q-tip and dab some on any spot. Within a day or so you will see changes. This is most useful to use at night although if you use too much it will flake off. So less is really more.
Fragrance (Parfum)
9223	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff.  I agree with another reviewed that you can get a different brand at a much cheaper price.  Or you could try just plain Calamine lotion.  However, this is great for spot treatment and I am happy with it.
8904	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this line of products.  Use it daily!

If I understand correctly, its the EPERUA FALCATA BARK EXTRACT (the fourth ingredient from the last) that has the most significant soothing properties. And Im not the only one to notice this. According to a rosacea support group, Eperua falcata bark extract: Rich in flavonoids, this natural active reduces skin hyper-reactivity and protects against inflammation. I couldn't find a lot of scientific studies, but this soothing after shave balm cream really soothes.
This bottle contains 2 fl. oz and a dropper which lets you dispense a small amount.  If you're going to use it all over your skin, the bottle won't last long (and you may risk over-drying).  If you're just using it as a spot treatment, 2 oz will go a long way.
9357	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have been in the process of switching to all natural and organic beauty products and needed something to help with occasional breakouts.  I liked what the Juice Beauty description had to say so I decided to try it out.
3770	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this is a great product recommended by a dermatologist. goes on easy, does not leave a film on my face or body. not scented or heavy.
4552	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These pads are great..They have a very nice minty smell and they also have a nice minty and cooling effect on the face. These pads are on the larger size compared to the little cheap ones at the drug stores and grocery stores. These do not fall apart and leave pieces of fuzz all over your beard area like the cheap pads do. These come in a flip top container so they are perfect for your gym bag, carry-on luggage or your desk drawer. These are an A+ product from an A+ Men's line. Overall, a great buy and I will continue to purchase and use these.
576	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good coverage-blends well
It's been years since I've smelled Obsession for men. It's a great smell - very woodsey and masculine. There is no doubt you are wearing Obsession because the fragrance is so distinctive.
5208	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm an old person so I can say that I have used probably hundreds of different face creams and honestly not one of them has made me weep with joy because my face looks so much younger. I mean, I don't expect miracles, and I have paid a lot for some of them. This one is well worth the price.
3250	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I origionall bought this liquid foundation because my dermatologist recommended it.  I bought this item because the other 2 liquid foundations I have bought from gloMinerals don't match my skin color either.  But I like the coverage.
9885	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this razor a lot, but it does require care and close attention while shaving to avoid nicks. Also, the comb is somewhat delicate and can become bent if dropped. One very nice thing about an open comb razor is that it really lets the lather get right up to where the cutting edge meets the hairs. I read somewhere that the innovation of the bar was mostly about strengthening the razor against damage if dropped (probably cheaper to make too)
2266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This toner has a nice light scent that does not linger.  It leaves Darling Hubby face feeling refreshed and clean.  It does what a toner should do without harsh ingredients.
8686	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I used the product to see if it worked as advertised and it did. It kept my skin hydrated and smooth. A big plus was that my skin did not break out.

8609	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A must have!
881	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was kind of underwhelmed with this, yeah it's a somewhat refreshing mist spray but the price is just ridiculous for what is essentially a bottle of water. You can easily get refillable spray bottles that you pump up (commonly used as well for cooking with oils to replace products like Pam) and put spring water in them to get basically the same results.
I am love with this color and. I am here to buy another bottle so I won't be without this new, favorite, "go-to" color.




Sherrie H
3743	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it
This uneasy ingredient list, along with no visible results except for the dry, stinging eyes, makes me happier to just do without BOC right now.  It was a nice-to-have that was nice to try, but ultimately it might not be so nice to Earth and animals.  Humans included.

297	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Almost the perfect skin shade.  Lovely.
3435	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful, long lasting color. What more can we ask for? My very favorite color.

3542	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works well. Is messy though. Unpleasant scent.
9154	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Oh my goodness! This stuff is absolutely AMAZING. I've struggled with acne for years and I tried this out last night, woke up today and NO JOKE MY red spots and acne have shrunken 80% my skin looks SO much better after ONLY one use. I'm amazed. FINALLY something that actually works!!!
Excellent product that works so much better with the spray applicator.
7443	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I used the 3 piece kit and did not see substantial results on my skin. I have acne prone skin.
7644	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great pigmentos and very iridicent powder its goodd!!!!

1908	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I purchased these (26) to give as a thank you for my baby shower. They have not been given yet but if it is anything like any other Essie product it will be well recieved. This was the best price for Essie without going to some unknown website that sold imatation items. I look forward to sharing these with my guests. We are very excited that the pink with the sparkles will represent our daughter!
5429	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Extremely nice cleaner. I don't have heavy acne, but I do get occasional areas that come and go. After using this cleanser, I noticed all my acne getting much and mush better. It doesn't completely prevent an occasional one here and there, but for the most part, it keeps most of the outbreaks. It's perfect for my neck, where I've been having acne since getting much older. Feels nice and clean, and doesn't burn my skin.
I regret my purchase and feel I wasted my money. I have since relegated this to use as hand soap by refilling my hand soap jars with it  so as not to waste it. The bottle should last me several years when used this way.

Great curling iron!
2262	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The first time I tried this product and got my guy to try it I was amazed. Baxter is so high quality at a price so much less expensive than formal ladies products. I swear I believe the beauty industry charges women more money for any product. Everything I've tried from Baxter actually WORKS and and a cheaper price. The smell is light and clean. Not girly smelling or overly perfumed. You try Baxter once.. well you'll never go back. lol. Get this NOW.
day 4- woke up to a nasty dark scab on my check. kinda of panicked but continued to use it twice a day. it burned
After about 3 hours, the floral scent had a bit of spice to it; later, as the scent was wearing off, it became a light, powdery, floral scent.
4073	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Okay, so I did not know that "parrafinum liquidum" was another name for mineral oil; it's the first ingredient in this cleansing oil.  If you search on the web you can find a lot of scary warnings about this ingredient.  Then I checked the EWG Skin Deep database where it has a rating of 1  3, not that bad, so I went ahead and used the product.  This cleansing oil does not contain any parabens which I do avoid.  I WISH THE INGREDIENT LIST JUST SHOWED "MINERAL OIL" INSTEAD OF PARRAFINUM LIQUIDUM which I suspect many people don't have any idea what it is.
8958	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Hot Tools Curling Irons. They are highly rated in the professional industry and great for styling everyday at home. They heat up quickly and have temperature control for various hair textures. I never have a problem with this brand and continues to deliver great products. This size is great for nice waves.
7101	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	We love the Jack Black line. My husband normally uses the All Over wash on his hair and happily agreed to try this. It is similar in affect, in that it leaves his hair clean, freshly scented and moisturized, which he needs since he doesn't use conditioner. He washes his hair at least 5 X's a week and this does not dry out his hair. I do believe it is largely due to the removal of sulfates. The tea tree is a nice addition, promoting hair health/growth. It's hard to comment on how well this thickens since my hubby has short hair, however his hair does look great. This would be a product that he probably wouldn't buy for himself, but I would buy for him during holidays.
I don't know about it's ant-aging effects since I've only used it for a few days, but it has left my skin soft feeling. There is a scent to it but not too much of one. It's one I associate with lotions. I'm very pleased with it.
1787	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great purchase!
9625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE the smell. A bit expensive, so I cant buy it as often as I would like
You do need more to use more product than I would like to cover trouble spots and it felt a little heavy.  You do need to work to blend it correctly so that it looks flawless.
7717	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Color correctors like this need to be applied properly, there's no exception to this rule with this product. Only a sheer application is needed under makeup to diffuse the look of redness or blotchy-ness from the skin. It's NOT meant to wear alone (!) you need an additional concealer or foundation to layer over it, which is the whole point of this product. I have redness around my eyes and melasma spots from blemishes that this green tinted cream works well to mask and cover. A little goes a long way in giving the neutralizing effect of the color....more than that looks ridiculous. I highly recommend visiting Dermablend's site or looking online for how to work with color correctors if they are unfamiliar to you. They are a handy weapon for the makeup artist, particularly for photography. Used properly, it works very well by giving a subtle hint of masking tint wherever I have redness. It stays on well and doesn't irritate my skin at all nor does it make my skin oily. I hardly know it's there!
The cleanser smells really good and cleans my skin without drying or irritating my skin. I have oily skin and it leaves no residue, just lightly cleans. The flakes of seaweed in the product really work and my skin has never felt better and my rosecea has calmed down.
2563	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a truly unique hair conditioner!  What we have done is to sort of not follow this product's directions.  What we have done is to run it...or rather smooth it...into dry hair and just leave it on for a while...often much longer than the 10 to 15 minutes suggested.  Then we step into the shower and shampoo it out.  The result is shiny healthy feeling hair.  I am really loving this stuff! It's a relatively pure product that seems to have a ton of good substances in it.
5034	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My initial reaction to this base was one of doubt.  When this is called water canvas, there is no lie, for I felt I was merely slapping on my face a substance with only slightly more body than water thinking to myself "is this actually going to make any sort of base or just mix in with my  moisturizer?"
9517	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love this cleanser (and the whole blemish clearing line) a lot.  It doesn't leave a film, it cleans well, and it does a lot of good with my acne (which I've just started to get in my 30's).
7036	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Generally speaking, I love this line but this product should not be called a scrub it. It should not even be sold. The sporadic sharp grains of almonds are very abrasive and my skin can take almost any scrub. In fact I rarely find an affective scrub. This so-called scrub however is ineffectual in every way. Baking soda delivers way more value.
7394	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is very cooling, and lightly moisturizing.
765	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very warm, woodsy scent. I would find this attractive on a man if not overdone.
1758	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this is my second bottle of this color. perfect for summer!
9653	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	JI is the best makeup line I have ever tried hands down! Everything in this line does the job it says it will do. Other brands fail to deliver. This color is very nice and soothing. I would definately purchase again.

9560	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE THIS BRONZER!! I cannot live without it and would never use any other bronzer!! Thanks J.Iredale for such a Supreme Quality Product!!Every time I wear it even when I feel ill -I STILL LOOK FABULOUS ANYWAY!! JOB WELL DONE!!
7269	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Mario Badescu!!
5880	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	One coat of this polish covers the nail wonderfully.  I did have some chipping after a couple days but my profession requires tons of hand washing and also glove wearing so I wasn't surprised or disappointed.  The only way I can polish to last for a week is with a shellac type manicure.  Wonderful color and went on nicely.  I paired with Butter base and top coat.
3082	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for three weeks and I have noticed softening of my wrinkles. They can be deep harsh lines and this has made them look smoother and less defined. Hopefully over longer use it will soften them even more. It smells like rose. It comes out very liquid and only a tiny bit goes a long way. It does make your skin feel greasy. I like it the most on my neck.
3051	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gentle, great cleanser. Especially for irritated skin. Highly recommended
I can't wait to continue using this spray and see what effects it continues to have on my skin and how it works with makeup. I haven't been able to wear makeup in the last few weeks because of my skin issue, and I'm going to wait a few more days to attempt it, but I'm anticipating a lot of good things.
8447	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this thick goop a lot. It's very gentle, yet leaves my face feeling clean and refreshed. One note: It takes some effort to rinse off, so I recommend using it in the shower to ensure that it doesn't leave any residue.
I'd highly recommend!  I love colors that remind me of water and this water is perfect.
CLEAN White Woods is a lovely fresh scent that isn't overpowering.  It's only lightly woodsy, which is why I like it so much.
I am returning this bottle to Ulta, where I purchased from.
I wish they had easier names to say, but what a great product for sure.
7890	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good head camo.
6764	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift for my wife, she loves it.
The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.
I followed the instructions applied a small amount to some areas that I have trouble with just to see how it would affect them over others and I'll have to say it does seem to help. It even helps with my persistent bags under my eyes from having to stay up for days at time to meet deadlines. My boss actually thought I was slacking off because I actually looked more rested than I have in years, granted feeling rested is another issue but at least I looked the part.
3446	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color, one of my all time favorites. Of course I only buy OPI. Color is same as picture which isn't always the case.
Once on my skin this is easy to massage into my skin.  Once done it comes off easily. My face feels more alive and cleaner after I use this product. Also, a little of this goes a long way so this should last for a while.
3808	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great if you have acne. Follow directions so you don't get overly dry. Seems to be a true Mario Badescu product. Shipped pretty fast too.
1323	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product give me the confidence to go out without wearing a hat.
17	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My sons favorite hand cream for his dry hands. No greasy and absorbs well. I am a return buyer.
The way I use it is over my moisturizer.  It does not stay sticky and does not make skin appear oily or shiny.
4. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SMOOTH LIQUID CAMO MEDIUM COVER FOUNDATION (25 SPF):

PLUSES


9214	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best treatment for pimples and those dreaded ones that are under the skin. With drastically reduce pimple size and redness
1349	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a life saver !!  I have 2-3 spots on top of my head where the hair is thinning - and I don't want to launch myself into getting hair plugs so a few shakes of this and problem solved !!!
Also note that it is an Eau deToilette literally meaning 'Toilet Water', yeah, not what you think.  What is really means that it is the mildest form of perfume.
3720	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This cleanser is a nice, thick cleanser with a fresh scent, and promises to clean your skin gently. You dampen your skin and moisten the cleanser, then rinse it off after rubbing it on your face. It comes in a nice blue bottle (sealed so it doesn't leak during shipping), but it makes it difficult to get just a little of the cleanser out at a time. It does feel gentle on the skin, my face doesn't tingle when I clean it or feel tight afterwards, and I've had no adverse reactions or breakouts after using it - it's clean and clear, and does feel good. I've also noticed less breakouts while using it. I just wish it was easier to dispense (more control), because I feel I'm getting too much out and with how much this stuff costs, I don't want to waste any of it.

1971	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm in love with this polish! Its the perfect neon pink for summer and looks super hot with my tan! People keep commenting on how much they love the color and want to know brand and color. This could possibly be my new fav!
8723	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another recommendation from a You-tube user.  Use this product and then follow up with Vichy Ideal Body Serum Milk Skin Firming Body Lotion with Hyaluronic Acid and Rose Hip Oil.  Skin feels lovely,.

6717	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Could not be happier with my curling iron.  Works great and gets hot super fast.
If you don't have such dry skin, you may want to try something a bit harsher, as this really doesn't get the dead skin off well.  Shaving is, of course, an extreme exfoliation in itself, but a cleanser this gentle might cause acne or razor bumps in some skin types.


4626	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ms. Dent who agreed to test the Serum was extremely pleased with both the feel while using it and the results. In fact,it was love at first use and she already put me on notice that, once the Vine sample is used up, 'we' are going to order some more.
My biggest question was price. Seemed expensive. However, I've now used it for almost 4 months and still probably have another month or more left. And, really, I'm still trying to use as little as possible, but could still use less; the tiniest amount on the tip of the brush lathers up really well.
2390	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I guess it would be silly to say I am obsessed with this Parfum. I love the amber, musk undertones that make it more earthy than floral. I could smell this scent all day.
This seems like half the price for like twice the amount. Ive been thinking about this product since I ran across it. Its a premium product that Ive been applying every day. The noticeable effect so far is improved skin quality. My face is noticeably softer. I have high expectations for dark spot pigment. It's likely the very best moisturizer I've ever used.
HOW DOES THIS FOUNDATION PERFORM?
This is not a toner or just a makeup remover so you use it a bit differently.  You soak a cotton pad with it & then place it over your eye or wherever & just hold in place for a few seconds  let it gently do the work for you.  You don't need to rub everything off.  You let it soak in & then gently move the cotton pad without rubbing.
5377	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product works like a serum, but it's a lot less cashish.  It makes your skin feel super hydrated, non-irritated and not greasy.  Smells fresh and clean, and my skin just drinks it in.  I use it every day under my moisturizer and I feel like I've seen a big improvement in my normally ruddy, dull textured skin.
1875	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this neon summer collection, and the name says a lot.  Peachy and light, perfect!
for healing applications.
I hope it'll get rid of my dark spot over time. Overall I'm pleased with the product.
Apart from that, it keeps the flakes away. I use it a couple times a week in my regular rotation and it works great. I guess as long as I'm not noticing anything on my black shirt, then it's doing it's job. Don't need to use a lot of it either, a little goes a long way. As you've come to expect, Philip B delivers another solid product. Amazon also has the best prices, especially if you watch it for a while and see how the price fluctuates - you can really get it pretty cheap.
I recommend
7462	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	bought i for my sister, she loves it, I have bought it several times for her

3109	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product! Baxter does it again!
8772	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks

3691	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is pretty good. It doesn't crease as much as the previous product I was using.
3375	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color, perfect for summer and keeping it professional and neutral for work!
That said, there are other, more moisturizing lip balms out there. This one also serves as a lip gloss, which looks nice but has a little bit of that stickiness to it. I don't mind, and the taste is good (subtle) but I'm not sure I'd recommend it over another lip balm.
7170	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this product! I use it so I don't have to dye my hair every month to keep it red, and it definitely works. I feel like I just dyed my hair every time I use it. The reason I say to use cautiously is because it WILL make your hair fall out if you leave it in longer than 5 minutes. I made that mistake once wanting a deeper color tone and had a handful of hair fall out (but nothing too serious! don't let that deter you from buying this great product). I mix about a handful with a deep conditioner and my hair feels smooth, shiny, and has extra color that makes everyone ask me if I'm a natural redhead. Buy this if you're looking to get that natural redhead look!
1985	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Essie for the quality and colors and I love that Amazon often has a good price.  Pleased with my polish.
4484	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another great product from La Roche-Posay.
SPF is a measure of how much longer someone will be protected from UVB rays than someone wearing no cream. If the sun reddens unprotected skin in ten minutes, for example, a person wearing SPF15 can be exposed to the sun without reddening for 15 times longer - 150 minutes. While UVB rays are behind the redness of sunburn, UVA rays damage the skin's DNA at a deeper layer. Both radiation types can cause skin cancer. The EU recommendation is for sunscreens to offer a UVA protection factor that is a third of their SPF.
This spray does not make your skin feel taught or dry after it dries like some setting/facial mists I have tried in the past. It leaves your skin plump, moisturized and comfortable.
5318	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had a facial with the Nia products and I liked the way my skin felt so I decided to purchase some of the products.
5430	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I can only state that I don't have a big acne problem but my chin, for my age, 65, breaks out for no reason!  I had started using the Obagi Clear FX and Obagi Exfoderm..but no particular cleanser.  This adds tremendously to the whole regime, but, I think can be used on it's own and save some money!  I'm sure purists will disagree but for everyday cleansing this is great and I cut way back on the other two.  You can use this x3 a day if your skin needs it or recommended by your dermatologist.  I lather up w/a small amount, rinse fairly quickly and pat dry.  You can really feel the menthol immediately and my face still feels soft after.  It's exfoliation to me at 2% Salicylic Acid...pores look smaller and my chin, so far, is not showing irritation from daily use there or anything coming on the horizon..right now anyway.  I think this is a great daily cleanser
5585	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	OK THE REASON I AM GIVING TOPPIK ONE STAR IS BECAUSE I BEEN BUYINGTHIS PRODUCT ALL THE TIME AND I NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH IT. IT USE TO BE ONE OF THE BEST PRODUCTS IN THE MARKET. NOW, THIS IS THE WORST PRODUCT IN THE MARKET. LATELY AFTER U PUT THE MEDIUM BROWN IN UR HAIR AND THEN U PUT THE SPRAY ON TOP OF IT, YOUR HAIR BECOMES PURPLE ON THE AREA WHERE UR HAIR IS THINNING BUT THE REST STAYS BROWN AND IT LOOKS GROSS AND DISGUSTING. I CALLED THE MANUFACTURE AND I SPOKE WITH THE MANAGER AND I SENT THEM PICTURES, THEY RESPONDED SAYING THAT THE BOTTLE THAT I BOUGHT MUST BE DMAGED AND THEY SENT ME A NEW ONE. I GAVE THEM A CHANCE AND I TRIED IT AGAIN AND OH LORD IT WAS JUST HORRIBLE!!!!!! I WENT AND I BOUGHT NEW BOTTLE FROM SALLY BEAUTY AND IT WAS THE SAME THING. THATS ITTTTTTTTTT. I AM NOT BUYING THIS RODUCT EVER AGAIN
This is my first time using a Juice Beauty product, and I'm impressed. Moisturizing is a twice a day standard in my routine. I always put on Bobbi Brown's eye moisturizer, and Aveeno's Daily Moisturizer with SPF under my foundation. However, I also now need to up my moisturizer for the brutally drying winter months, and this organic Green Apple antioxidant light moisturizer has already done several things very well.

This particular cream makeup is for dry skin only.  It has a beautiful luminous finish and the trademark Dermablend high concentration of pigments.
2353	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product works well for healing and softening  dry lips and preventing them from becoming dehydrated again.  It also claims to make lips more full which is the main reason the product interested me.  Unfortunately I have not as yet seen much plumping of my very thin lips but I will continue to use it and see if there is an improvement.  This product is virtually odorless and tasteless which will be a plus for many consumers.
Note that I experienced no sensitivity to it - no red skin or stinging - and the scent was pleasant and mild.
Ive been feeling a bit like a chemist with the many LOreal Dermablend Pro products listed here. And I realize you may not have this type of a menu, but I am hoping this info will help somehow to see the flexibility here if not anything else.
763	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Calvin Klein's Eternity for Men will always be a classic. First debuted in 1990, and smelling this is like stepping back in time. I would say it has moderate to long lasting coverage in this eau de toilette spray. I can detect the lavender, mandarin orange and sandlewood.
1474	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Watery and green is a neon green. Unlike pic.
5115	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I get eczema occasionally and it stays in mean patches. This product ill use instead of fancy creams on my face and keeps the moisture locked in. The glycerin keeps it soft. The smell goes away in a couple minutes. I use it over my eminence just to lock in the moisture. Keeps my eczema away!! No other product has in all my life. Also great for dry skin bumps on arms!!!

4060	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Micellar cleansers seem to be quite trendy, these days, and there's a reason for that: they clean skin so easily! I don't know the full science behind these products, but they magically pick up oils off the skin - which is what nearly every cosmetic product is made of. With a product like this, you can literally clean your skin without using soap and water.
861	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this Thermal Spring Water spray. It makes my skin feel moist after washing. My skin is normally quite dry and this spray is a good way to put some moisture back without having to use a lotion that can feel heavy on my skin or clog my pores. It's a big bottle and has been lasting me a long time. The water is supposed to come out in a fine mist. Mine sprays some fine mist, but also many bigger drops that I have to dab off my face. It seems like kind of a waste and I prefer it have a fine mist all around for more even distribution of the product when I use it. Overall, I am happy with the results.
7905	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is catastrophically thin due to treatments of two cancers. Toppik does a terrific job at hiding the "holes" where my hair used to be. I no longer feel insecure about it. It is a terrific product.
5628	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A must for me!!!! Always need to have it to fill those not so hairy spots!!!
402	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	No complaints with the Dermablend brand :) Always high quality makeup that is gentle on my sensitive skin and fragrance free.


5564	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It does what it claims!!
7266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used the Jane Iredale PurePressed powder for years.  Love it and won't use anything different.  It doesn't cause my skin to break out.  I was excited to find out that I can purchase through Amazon since it is significantly less expensive that paying retail at a Salon.  You are able to change the level of coverage you want by how you apply the powder.  I don't wear foundation with this powder.
2817	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I live in Las Vegas where it is hot and I sweat all summer long.  I have been using Mitchum and have noticed that my tommy bahama t shirts have started to stain from my deodrant but the stains wash out.  However very emabarrsing to have these stains almost like the old hyper colort t shirts from the early 90s.

9395	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color, opi is great, I also love the quirky little names on each bottle....this color is great for summer!
Mario Badescu Vitamin E Body Lotion arrives and I grabbed my applicator and slathered it on my back, legs and arms.  That was early today and now it is 9:45 pm and I am not scratching my skin at all.
9588	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Simply the best if you get the oilies during the day. I have tried a lot and keep coming back to this.
6645	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I purchased the 5/8" curling iron. Been using this product by this company for more years than I can count.  It has to be replaced periodically because the tension is lost between the barrel and other piece.  Does not curl well when they don't have any tension.
Obsession falls into the category of oriental perfumes, and it gives off a musky scent whose main notes are Mandarin, Bergamot, Vanillin, Jasmine, Orange Blossom, Coriander, Tagette, Amber, and Oakmoss.
3604	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am 57 and have had bouts with acne since I was 20.  For the past few years my skin was glowing to the point that I got egotistical about it, constantly looking in mirrors, admiring my glow, asking my husband, "have you ever seen such gorgeous skin?  Check me out?  Flawless, yes?" and then it happened...adult acne found me again. Probably God's way of giving me a dose of humility; in truth, I probably needed it.  Anyway, cystic acne attacked and I didn't know what to do.  I had lumps all over my chin, my cheeks and my forehead.  I could not cover it up with makeup.  Naturally I tried to squeeze them, thinking that somehow this time it would make them go away, but just like the other 900 times, nothing happened, they just got more red and swollen and just...would...not...go...away.  It really made me feel terrible.  Anyway, I proceeded to try everything under the sun to get rid of my acne, and finally stumbled upon Mario Bedescu.  Perhaps God decided to cut me some slack and show me The Way to Clear Skin.  And this product line really, really works.  And it works fast.  I use the Seaweed soap cleanser, the Drying Lotion and this stuff, the Buffering Lotion, which was most important to the whole process for me.  The Buffering Lotion sinks deep into your skin and kills whatever bacteria it is that makes the cystic bumps form  in the first place.  It smooths the skin and they don't come back. If a little zit even thinks about growing, this product stops it in its tracks.  I recently started using the Seaweed Night Cream, which is amazing--it does not clog your pores, it helps clear the acne (which is not always the case for a moisturizer) and keeps my skin nice and smooth and soft.  So I have my beautiful skin back, but this time I am keeping my ego in check.  And I stock up on Mario Badescu.  Oh yes I do.
1776	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color!
8. LOREAL DERMABLEND QUICK-FIX CONCEALER STICK (SPF 30)
It has no odor nor does it feel greasy.  This is another nice product from Vichy.
6424	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Makes my skin feel so soft and hydrated. It's seriously amazing!
The only downside to it is the quantity. By the time you start seeing the benefits, it is gone. Too small in my opinion.

8049	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a really helpful product for my fine hair.  I wish there was an easier way to apply other than shaking from the bottle.
5152	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I sure need this! I have age spots galore on my hands and running up my arms. I am over sixty, so I expected to have some, but not this many. This is probably because I am fair skinned and have lived in Florida all my life. I have had skin cancers removed from different parts of my body - arms, legs, nose. Thankfully, they were all caught early and other than one big scar on one arm, most people would never know that I have that type of damage from the sun. I noticed that there are some pretty pricey ingredients that are in expensive skin care lotions, creams and serums....like squalene. Even with the oils and other ingredients, it doesn't feel greasy. It also has a nice scent. Because of the niacin that is in the formula, you may get a blush but it is temporary and will go away.
I have medium tones of Southeast Asian ethnicity. My skin is in the warm class with yellow undertones.
Skin will regenerate faster and pain is also relieved. This cream is perfect for skin irritations, chapping, cracking of the epidermis and wounds that are slow to heal.
Neutragena, Eucerin, Nivea, Burts Bees....all make products that are better moisturizers and have less strident smells.
Update to 5 stars: I've been using this for a few months once a day and just finished my first bottle. My skin has never looked better and I've had far fewer breakouts than ever before. I can't believe I'm spending this amount of money on a face wash (I'm normally a $6.99 Neutrogena girl), but this is so worth it to me.
7128	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Definitely a good value ! Very satisfied with how my hair feels after using !
So far, so good.
But if you still have hair, give it a go! Buy two shades and use them together!
9951	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a woman in my 40s who has switched to shave soaps & a brush after years of canned foam. The Proraso green soap/croap is my favorite, and the white is very similar. Both are more of a "croap" (cross between hard cream & soap) rather than a straight up hard puck of soap. It lathers crazy easily with a wet badger or boar brush & the "Marco method" (if you're new to wet shaving or having trouble making lather, google it - you won't regret it), and provides a good, close, irritation-free shave. I lather in the plastic Proraso bowl directly on the soap, then go straight to leg. I have also done a separate bowl lather with this, and it worked nicely. After use I leave the lid off for a couple of hours to let the soap dry somewhat (I shave in the shower & store my soap there, so there's a lot of water) and then store it with the lid on. The white has a slight menthol feel, but considerably less than the green. In my opinion, the white has a light scent of roses & fresh cut grass. It's very light and clean, and I think it could be considered the most "feminine" between the green, red & white Proraso soaps. I had issues with irritation from the red Proraso (disappointing, since I loved the scent), but neither the green or the white cause any problems for me. Overall I am extremely pleased with this soap and it will definitely be in my regular rotation.
8577	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product in conjunction with the lotion, cleanser, & toner.  The rosacea line by Pevonia is the only product line that gives me relief from the burning, itching, & redness of my skin from my rosacea.  I would definitely recommend these products if you are looking for relief!
7151	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very classic shampoo which does a good job cleaning your hair. It does leave a shine. It smells really good.  It is worth the extra money.
4877	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Made under my eyes very dry.
5113	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for a year, and it's the best thing ever for chapped or raw skin, including lips- much better than the lip product- use retinol, and peel often, and it's the perfect product to use  when peeling-
3725	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've NEVER been able to use a toner without it burning the living Hell out of my skin. I can barely use anything without it irritating my skin, let alone right after I use a face wash, but this doesn't sting and soothes my skin, just like it says. Not sure if my skin is any cleaner but I notice a significant difference in redness.
7402	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use these babies about 24 hours after shaving and I've never had unsightly ingrown hairs OR pimples again. What ever moisture is left over from wiping my shaved areas I I use on any pimples and voila, clear skin everywhere.

A good product that's organic, as well!
7279	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product!  Covers well lasts all day. Always looks fresh from morning to night also easy to travel with!
2226	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great skin product
4487	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	In general, I like micellar waters and other no-rinse cleansing products. This one is pretty good, it smells good and it feels clean.
Not sure if that is what it was meant for -- yet, I no longer have problems with aftershave bumps or anything...
4633	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	There are a lot of positives to this product.  I've been using this product for several weeks now and have never experience the burning sensation which other reviewers noted; however, it must be noted that I do not have particularly sensitive skin, either.  I have combination skin, so take that as you will.
6087	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great for my sensitive skin. It feels nice on my dry skin and my skin feels nice and clean after using it.
4919	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When the package arrived the container lid was slightly off so the power had spilled a little bit.
7258	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the way my skin looks and feels after several uses.
Second, it doesn't prolong nail polish wear, it shortens it (I've tested it with a couple of polishes from different brands).
8020	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does exactly what it says it will do and doesn't cake on your hair.  And it looks very natural. Buy a shade lighter than your natural color.
8881	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After hesitating because of the price, I decided to give Moisture Boost a try.  I have very dry skin, and was not very optimistic.  However, it works great.  Applied twice a day it has completely relieved my dry skin.  Most "moisture" products just leave my skin looking greasy.  This one leaves it looking and feeling soft with no dryness. (Review written by Bun's husband)
4499	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love micellar waters on those days when I'm too rushed for time to cleanse with a sonic device.
5535	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product a couple of years. they  just bumped the price from $46.00 to $57.00 Increase  23% that bothers me. They use our positive comments and feedback . I know exactly what they are doing.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TOPPIK-Hair-Building-Fibers-Black-0-97-oz/dp/B0002ZW5UQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TOPPIK Hair Building Fibers, Black, 0.97 oz.</a>
4628	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm pretty impressed with this serum so far. It's loaded with great ingredients, and I love that it's all natural and organic. Also, I *love* that they do not test on animals. I have fairly sensitive skin, and I noticed no irritation when putting this on (even around my eye area!). It's light, absorbs quickly, and has a very mild scent. This is my first foray into Juice Beauty products, and I now want to check out other items they offer.
The only reason I don't give a full five stars is because the moisturizer doesn't contain a sunscreen so you'll have to do an extra step if you're going to be out in the sun at all. Also, for those with really dry skin, or patches of dryness caused by chemical peels or acne medication, this moisturizer won't be able to do the job on those areas.
2399	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm a big fragrance connoisseur as I have over 20 bottles in my fragrance cabinet ranging from Nautical, Versace, Lacoste, to my personal favorite, Gucci.  I'm very particular about my scents and was not a big fan of CK as I felt as though they were the JC Penny of fragrances.  However, Obsession has given me pause as I find it's rich and elegant scents to be rather complimenting.  I like to categorize my fragrances into sections such as sport, fresh, executive, etc. and I find Obsession to fall into the executive category as it feels like a mature scent without reeking of "old man" like Old English Leather.
FINAL COMMENTS
8861	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LoVe this Rosewater and Aloe Facial Spray.  I live in the high desert and my facial beauty regimen changes constantly even with a normal skin complexion.  My face feels fresh and clean during and after ever spritz and I love the light rose aroma.  This really helps keep my face balanced during the seasons.
- blemish clearing is ok, prevents new blemishes, and may reduce existing ones depending on skin type.
3569	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This one is supposed to be for the really bad acne. The cystic kind that I was adorned with. Did not help at all. I still suggested it to people, it might work for them.
It is a thick cream texture, isn't greasy and a little goes a long way. I use a 3/8" squeeze from the tube, which is enough to cover my face. It absorbs quickly and well, so I can go about my business and not get anything on my pillow. I either can't detect anything but a light scent or there is none added, so it has a very light to no scent. My skin is on the oily side and I noticed that it was a little less oily after a week of use.


4312	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	AAA+++
1. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL COVER CRME WITH TITANIUM DIOXIDE SUNSCREEN (30SPF):
564	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This comes with a spatula so it can be used for heavy skin coverage from tattoos to sun damage
1) Shaving brush (super soft)
After two months of use, my skin is possibly the best it has ever been.  I have very minimal to no breakouts. I don't have to wear much makeup at all beyond a little foundation or concealer to even out my color.  Lines by my eyes and mouth are reduced. Redness is gone.  Old acne scars and discolorations are fading. the texture is GREAT.  I have gotten compliments on my skin lately. (You look healthy / are glowing! / look so young! You can't be 38!) I almost wish I had taken before and after photos. I cant believe it, but I actually threw out all the other non-PCA skin care products in my cabinet without hesitation.
2123	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm one who loves peppermint toothpastes, although not the gel formulas.  Marvis Classic Strong Mint Toothpaste has a clean, smooth taste and delivers a fresh experience.  I've not used it long enough to report on its efficacy, but I think it will be a nice alternative to those toothpastes on your grocery store shelves.
Of course the Zoya stuff showed up the next day.  So I stripped the "Sarah" manicure off my right hand and used the Zoya Anchor base coat, 2 coats of Sarah, and the Armor top coat.  This has lasted 4 days so far (no wear).  I'm really impressed with the longevity of this nail polish.  I used to be an all-OPI girl, but when their stuff started chipping within a day I decided it was time to look elsewhere.  Zoya is now my top stop for new nail polishes.  Just wish they'd either ship faster, or that Ulta would stock 100% of their products!
7314	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is old school masculine.  First, it does the job.  The soap does a great job of cleaning and for a small bar doesn't dissolve quickly.  The scent is a cross between old time barbershops and my grandfather's pipe.  I love it.
2346	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Soft lip balm that I can't live with out.
6314	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	love Mario Badescu products but this one made me break out!
4928	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff What a difference! And I got it pretty quickly
2197	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love the concealer.
543	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have to admit I was surprised by this product - but that was my fault for not reading the description clearly before ordering it. I normally wear a very sheer, light foundation, so I'm unused to a thicker base that's meant for concealing.
FACE SOAP ($15 individually):  This is a nice soap, cleanses, doesn't overly foam, but after the rinse, you feel clean.  Nothing truly spectacular, and a number of face soaps will do this, but it is a nice face soap.  Four Stars.
6041	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Delicately scented and thoroughly effective. This toner balances out my combination skin, keeps pores unclogged and removes any spec of cleanser or makeup that happened to be left on my skin.
2108	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love the purple color.  It's not in your face purple, but almost a little more pink and soft looking.  The one thing that I'm still on the fence about is the flat sheen.  It's not really matte and not shiny.  I haven't decided how I feel about that.
4540	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product lost daily for more than a year and am very satisfied with the results. It works as described by Anthony Ligistics. You know you get what you pay for. Except for Free shipping with Amazon... makes this a no-brainier.
I really like nailpolish colors like this.  I have quite a selection in the oxblood/deep red/wine/reddish purple family, including glitters, cremes, shimmers, etc.  So I expected to love the color of this even before I bought it!
3216	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't write enough about this stuff.  Smooth, great scent, makes shaving a whole lot easier
Avobenzone (Sunscreen) 2.0%

8762	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this product. It doesn't dry out my face, but it does leave a strange film on the skin. I do what other reviewers have recommended and wipe my face with toner afterwards to remove the rest of the residue. I personally don't mind and enjoy the product, but I don't recommend it for people who prefer a highly cleansing and clarifying mask.
Toppik has completely changed my life. It's not perfect but look at it like makeup. It covers up just enough so that if you didn't tell people they wouldn't know. I have confided in 2 or 3 close friends that I started using it and asked if they saw any difference. They said "That stuff is F--- AMAZING!" If you have thinning or balding hair, scalp issues to cover up it's worth the money.

3913	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Big fan of Opi...the Nail Envy for Dry and Brittle nails is Simply the Best for me. Wore Acrylic nails for 16 years and went natural almost 3 years ago. I used several other products during the renewel of my natural nails. All the buffing and filing did damage and it took about 6 months to grow out the ridges from the fills and drills with the Acrylic's. Could not be happier that I took the product off and have perfect sport length nails. The Opi for Dry and Brittle nails is something I still use till this day. It lasts about a week. Two coats and then an Opi Top Coat, they look clean shiney and classy.


3898	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've used this b4 with awesome results. Gotta be consistent.  I have it 4 stars cause I think with any nail polish n a little care, your nails will grow. But oddly this is always my go to when I'm desperate. Lol
5231	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I originally wrote a good review for this product as it seemed to diminish wrinkles, however be aware:  I went to my dermatologist showed her attached pic and she also had recent pics of my neck.  She said there's a chemical that decreases fatty tissues which is why it's not recommended for face.  She suggested I use remaining product for my elbows, knew, and buttocks.  I have a Long, thin neck with little fatty tissues.  I'm now paying for Fraxell to go back to where I was before Nectifirm.

1523	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It goes on like a dream and dries quickly.
3013	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice unscented lotion.
1566	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love my zoya

6833	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If I could change anything about Mario Badescu Drying Lotion product, it would be the quantity.
Very mild and did not cause any irritation. Scents are almost non existent.
6059	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous night cream, my skin loves it, it doesn't clog up my pores and my skin is clear and soft and glowing.  Excellent product.
2172	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is awesome and a small $5 tube can be purchased at bath and body works under their CO Bigelow line if you just want to try it. It has a great old fashioned smell, lathers well with your fingers (even better with a brush), and rinses off cleanly leaving a nice feeling face! Great shave for the money but if you're willing to pay a little more try taylor of old bond street. Art of shaving products are overpriced and don't work as well as these!
8047	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
417	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I recently had the chance to order Durablends Cover Creme, Blurring Mousse and Leg and Body Makeup. Being already familiar with the products, I was happy to be offered more. My Durablend story is personal. We have best friends, another couple, that visit us, or we visit them, at least once a year. We go on combined vacations together every three to five years. Wed spent a lot of time together before I learned that my friends face is almost completely covered in hemangiomas. It was a surprise to learn she had to apply makeup to look like shes not wearing makeup. Weve sat together many times since, just chatting while she goes through the process of what she calls putting on my face. Its interesting to watch and Ive asked lots of questions. She applies two liquid foundations and a powder foundation, followed by setting powder. Ive watched at least a dozen times and still find it dramatic. Its not a process that can be rushed if done right, but when it is, it can last a very long time. We and our families were up almost twenty straight hours when weather interfered with our flight home. Coming out of the airport and into the sun, she asked me how she was holding up. I was amazed that if anyone needed a touchup, it wasn't her. Id accepted for decades the dark circles under my eyes every allergy season. She gifted me a tube of Dermablend Camo Concealer and a little jar of setting powder. She nailed the shade perfectly (light / sesame) (I wouldve picked Natural and been wrong). I think Dermablend is amazing for the coverage it provides from so little product. If you were counting on Dermablend to help change your life, I get it because Ive seen it happen. If you aren't satisfied that it looks real or natural, I politely suggest that you explore more of the options Dermablend provides. Pay attention to where the shade of your skin falls on the range of hot to cold tones. There are plenty of tutorials on-line to help one pick color(s).
1500	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Great Color but Chips very quickly.
It works with the Dermablend makeup to set it and make it last longer, but it also works great with my other, regular foundation, or just alone.

5599	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only buy this on Amazon. Greta price!


I tried a small sample vial of this serum.  I have very dry skin. I use several different hydrating creams with varying results but I'm always open to trying new products. I tested this on one side against Moisture Therapy intensive care cream from Avon on the other. The iS serum rubbed in nicely, was fast absorbing and made my skin feel smooth after application.  iS touts Hyaluronic Acid as "nature's most powerful hydrator".  The Avon side applied, felt and looked every bit as good as the iS side.  It also held up as long as the iS side.  Gotta admit, I expected a much more pronounced difference pitting a $2 product against a $90 product.  One thing I'm not particularly fond of with the iS serum is the scent. It smells like a rubber gym ball.  At least the scent wears off in a relatively short amount of time.  Another thing I question is why it contains dye.  For an expensive serum like this, the last thing I expect are unnecessary ingredients that have a potential to irritate, such as dyes.  I've tried expensive dermatologist office sold products like iS before.  I honestly find them overpriced for what you get.  Some may swear by them but if I don't see fifty times the difference, I can't justify spending fifty times the price.
5.  Starting in small sections of the face, bounce the Beauty Blender with the foundation around a section that is about as large around as a grapefruit on your face.

3008	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I live in the Midwest and it gets very cold and dry during the cold winter months. So I'm always on the lookout for lotion that will keep my skin moisturized and soft. Overall, I really like this lotion. It goes on easily and sets into my skin. There is absolutely no greasy feeling after and you will notice a difference almost immediately. I use it at least once a day to help in keeping my skin. It's also a big plus that this is a fragrance free lotion. Sometimes lotions can work well but you don't want to use it because the scent is too overwhelming. Not with this lotion. A great lotion for those who are allergic or super sensitive to scented lotions.
It moisturizes well and makes my eye area brighter and look less tired. I can't speak to longer term dark circle erasure because I haven't been using it long enough, but I'm definitely a fan of how it works. It blends well under makeup and leaves my eyes feeling bright. I'll be buying this and using it for the long term.
6310	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this along with the Mario Badescu Acne Facial Cleanser. After I wash my face with the cleanser, I follow it up with this. The consistency is like water, and I would compare it to a toner or an astringent. However, this feels like it does that same job, but it is much less harsh feeling on my skin. I really like the fresh and clean smell it has to it.
Decided to switch and gave MenScience a try.  First off no scent going on which I like, I don't need scented deodrant as I wear cologne.  Second it lasts all day when I get home from work I don't have any unpleasant odor coming from the underarm area.  Finally not staing my tshirts.  The fact that it does not stain my shirts is worth the high price of this deodorant.  It will be my go to brand going forward.
If this had sunscreen of some sort in it (SPF 15 or higher), I'd probably buy a tub of it...
7561	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using this on the left side of my face twice a day while using Neutrogena Triple Age Repair moisturizer in the morning and luxury brand SK-II Essential Power at night on the right side.  The Neutrogena/SK-II combo has been my normal routine for a few months now.
Second, while the conditioner smells good, it has some harsh ingredients such as menthol. Anything that leaves your scalp tingling may feel cool, but it's an irritant.
5075	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for years.  Sand in the summer and Ivory or translucent in the winter.  Looks natural but only better.
6697	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love hot tools products, I bought a 1'' iron 10 years ago and it's still working great so I decided to buy another! Got the 1 1/4 in which are perfect for loose wavy curls. I'm thinking of buying another one as a backup since the price is so great. Curling iron glides smoothly through my hair and leaves it nice and shiny.
9260	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Since I have sensitive skin I  was hesitant about ordering this, but I thought I'd live recklessly and give it a go.
5878	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful shade.. between blue and periwinkle. Perfect and long lasting. I use their system...base... topcoat nd color. Yippee. Very nice quality
7324	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Baxter truly delivered with this trio. An excellent face wash that is gentle on the skin. The lotion has a minty scent is also very gentle. The packaging is perfect and the price is right. Highly recommended.
Overall, my bother loves this set and when I asked about cons, he had none.  Myself, I do think the containers need a bit of sprucing up-- they're so simple.  However, for him, It was a perfect gift set and that isn't heard very often!
8667	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This stuff is a miracle in a jar. It's a bit heavy for my skin every night but it works wonders when I get dry patches or need my skin to look dewy the next day.
4) After-shave balm (1/2 a cup)
5431	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Salicylic face wash works very well for me and I had heard wonderful things about Obagi chemical peels so I was excited to try this. I was a little nervous it would be drying, but it's not.
7515	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've struggled with acne for years, as a teen, as well as an adult. In my experience, salicylic acid treatments work better on oily skin or teen acne, while adult acne (or more troublesome acne) is better treated by benzoyl peroxide. Because of my long history with these products, I didn't expect to be too impressed by this product because it is a salicylic acid treatment.
7374	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all of the Borghese line
Moisturizes / hydrates / protects due to the Glyceryl Linolenate, Amaranthus Caudatus Seed Extract, Glycerin, Shea butter, and Mango butter)
193	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	very soft, natural color. ideal for at home . long lasting, non-chipping. excellent product.
5216	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good price for my favorite hair spray

8952	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My best friend turned me onto this product, spraying this on your face feels like a breeze of fresh air. It is wonderful for setting makeup, for a quick refresher, and for after washing your face. I highly recommend this product.
5712	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For those of us with thinning hair, this is the perfect solution to give us the look of more hair.  I've used it for years and no one has ever known that I use it.


2993	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT!!!!! WONDERFUL!!!! Highly Recommend this skincare line!!!!
3333	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	There is a reason that most nail salons use OPI polishes exclusively; these are definitely high quality products.  When I paint my nails with OPI, I find that they look good with minimal touch-ups for a week or more.  I particularly like this shade, Tutti Frutti Tonga, as it is a soft, wearable pink with a hint of frost.  Although the shade is pale, it is not overly sheer, so 1-2 coats are all that is required.  Definitely a must as a great everyday pink color for nails.
2316	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this base coat, it serves its purpose and my mani usually lasts around 4 days with no chips.
7086	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of the few Jack Black products I would recommend to someone. Wish it was a Shampoo and Conditioner combo though. Definitely use a conditioner after using this.
5968	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This polish, as with many glitter polishes, should be used over a base coat of a French pink shade. The color is slightly pink of the lacquer itself while the glitter is a light shade of gold. This item matched very well the stock photo and I am very pleased with this shade, and the butter London nail polish line
2380	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good stuff just becarefull who you buy it from -- alot of old stock expired old packaged bottles.  Works on hair and face, works even better and stays fresher in fridge, nice smell and lite moisture, not sticky or sweaty feel.
7275	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE THIS STUFF
1561	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color..easy to paint on and easy to remove when ready
346	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a quality product that does an excellent job covering blemishes and evening out the skin. It's a little heavy for my personal preference during daytime use, but I like it for nighttime as it looks more natural away from harsh sunlight, at least on my fair skin. Otherwise, a very good product that does exactly as promised.
151	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Though the image looks pink/purple, this color would be appropriately labeled as a "nude" nail polish. I love this color and it looks fantastic either shiny or matte. I bought this bottle to replace one that I used up because it is such a pretty nude color.

8015	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great! I Couldn't live without it , my friend told me to try it cuz u was upset that I'm losing hair at a young age and being a woman. I use it after I wash and dry my hair. I keep it in my purse. Love it
9687	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Expensive but worth the money. This is the only lotion that helps my dry hands. I only wish they had a smarter design for their tube cap. Pretty annoying to put on after wearing lotion.

I have seen one negative review but I don't think she was using it correctly, otherwise she would not have had those issues. Also you must use the color that's closest to your hair color and you will have wonderful results!!
Plus, the bottle is huge. A little goes a long way and I only have to buy it twice a year.
6778	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	What pimple? I love this product!!! it dries pimples over night to decrease swelling and tenderness, I LOVE it!
4883	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this set, because it has three different ones all designed to target different issues (of which I have problems will all three!) they are smaller than I envisioned, but a little goes a long way! All three work well, I have been very pleased with this set. The tub smells a little stronger than the other two- and the pink one has a faint smell as well. The white one doesn't really smell at all. Make sure you mix both the pink and white ones well before applying!
7. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL LEG AND BODY MAKE-UP (SPF25):
5571	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does the trick
This was is gentle and perfect for sensitive skin.
As a male, I like that it provides moisture to my lips but doesnt make it look like Im wearing lip gloss.  It also provides SPF 25 coverage, which a lot of brands don't offer.
8912	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best product I have used. I highly recommend to any lady that wants smooth skin. Great for me. I am 75 yrs young.
Strong vanilla notes with a powdery soft base and a hint of musk.  The pink comes from some strawberry.  It smells like something you want to eat.  My teenage son loves it, and always comments positively on it.  I looked at the website (pink sugar dot it no spaces) and the packaging and font- everything looks legit.
It is mild enough to be used on children.
7809	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I am a cosmetic and bath junkie, but also care about what ingredients are in my products.  I was concerned that Petrolatum is the 2nd ingredient listed.  I googled Petrolatum and what I read, confirmed my fears.
All coverage areas still let my skin be seen.
5146	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	We have been using CHI Silk Infusion for a number of years. If you have any damage to your hair -- especially if your hair is color treated -- you'll find that this will dramatically improve the texture and manageability of your hair. When your hair is wet, it can be almost impossible to get a comb through it. Not only will this unsnag the tangles, your hair will dry without any stiffness or oily feel. I promise you will definitely feel the difference in the way your hair handles as you style it, and the shine is amazing. Worth every penny for the results!

There are several things I like about this:
trust which is very great business relationship with customers.

393	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was very skeptical about this product when I received it and realized it has the consistently of a thick paste rather than a creamy foundation.  I am a very low fuss person when it comes to cosmetics.  The instructions are easy to read and you basically scoop some of the foundation out with the included tiny plastic spatula, place it on your palm (or index finger), and gently rotate your finger on the product until it is smooth and ready to apply.  You then tap it on your skin and gently smooth it in.  You will need to allow about 2-minutes after application for the product to "set."  My skin looks flawless with this product however use of a setting powder is not an option - it's necessary otherwise my skin gets oily by mid-day.  What was really impressive with this product was how I was able to layer the product over my dark spots from sun damage and they virtually disappeared and the makeup didn't look heavy or caked on my skin.
but this one is great.
7636	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this face sunscreen.  I have tried so many brands and have found them to be so greasy, it was impossible to keep my foundation from coming off or just looking like a greasy mess.  This has a wonderful fresh smell and goes on like a light cream, not greasy one bit.
8474	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	There is no eye cream that works for crows feet as well as this one. I have tried $$$$$ brands and I keep coming back to this
It appears to be working well, we have only been using it for a few weeks so I cannot attest to any long term results as of this time but I can tell you that I have very sensitive skin and allergies to sooo many things and this has not inflamed irritated or caused any adverse reactions in me or my sons who have the typical oily teenage skin problems.

that said, this cream is definitely not greasy, and applies easily... it is a definite indulgence at its price range, but quality definitely beats quantity and you get a quality product here - allergy free as well
trust which is very great business relationship with customers.
J

This product goes on thick and absorbs into the skin very well.  It does not leave your skin feeling greasy.  After using Baxter's moisturizer, the dry patch on my forehead is smooth and feels like the rest of the skin on my face with no difference.

5404	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product line was recommended to me via a medi-spa when I had an IPL facial. As a 38 year old female with combination acne prone sensitive skin, I was scared to try a product I thought might either make me break out or react negatively. I had tried other products in the past from the drug store (Neutrogena) or beauty counter (Clinique), or online (Paula Begoun) all with mixed mediocre results.
7630	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Light scent, light texture, it doesn't leave a sticky residue and it is overall a great sunscreen. If only it wasn't so expensive!
The two colors I have are both medium ones, one a bit lighter, and both appropriate for me, especially my indulgence of mixing other lighter or darker colored LOreal Dermablend Pro products with them.

2242	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have a "no frills" hairstyle (long, naturally straight and fine) that can air-dry and still look okay.  Therefore, I have never been one to spend a lot of money on styling tools.  I bought this very basic, inexpensive hair dryer since I normally don't have time for air-drying.  It worked "okay" for the past 2 years--it dried my hair in about 10 minutes but left lots of little frizzes on top that I would then have to smooth out with an iron.  It just met the bare minimum requirements for a hair dryer, nothing more.  I cleaned the lint filter regularly and only used it a few times a week.  I was therefore surprised when it shot out sparks and smoke while using it yesterday morning.  I carefully unplugged it and disposed of it.
3422	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this color

I'm very satisfied and I'll update my review when I see the chipping.
4989	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Reminds me of the the old deodriant commercial strong enough for a man gentle enough for a woman.  Works really great for dry skin with a nice fresh smell.  I have used Anthonys products and Jack Black Products in the past so I will compare Baxter to them.  The facial mositureizer is the best I have used and a little goes a long way, very easy to apply.  I prefer the Anthony's toner as it comes on a pad already but I do like the scent of the Baxter toner.  Neutral on the face wash seems to do the job.  What is nice about the Baxter is the price it does the same job of far pricer options for a fraction of the cost (my Anthonys toner pads were $22 and soap $22 my jack black $27 for $71 vs $45 for the Baxter 1.2.3.).
A fine mist over a clean face not only takes the place of toner, it also refreshes.
I wash my face twice a day and it feels super dry in the evenings. This has been the best face cream I've used yet. It's thicker than my usual moisturizer but also feels light weight when it's has absorbed. It's a white cream and a little goes a pretty long way. I touch my finger to the cream and can do my whole face then another touch for my neck. I do feel the need to let it absorb into my skin for at least five minutes before I lay down. I have really sensitive skin as most things 'burn' my face but I've been great with this. What a surprise!
4052	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I did not like anything about this product. The scent seemed medicinal, the feeling of it on my skin was unpleasant  (I washed it off immediately), and it did not do a good job taking my eyeliner off. I would recommend Neutrogena's make up remover.
6693	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Haven't used it much because I'm kind of spastic when it comes to curling irons and straight irons. But it hasn't burned my hair and it's what my hairdresser uses. (I got mine from Amazon at a much better price, though). If I ever get comfortable with it, it'll be awesome.

8940	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is amazing. There's no other word for it. I purchased this because my skin has been completely going off the rails lately and my chin has been breaking out yet has been extremely dry, flaky, and has been peeling and irritated, almost like its chapped. It's been quite painful and I've used every oil, every moisturizer with healing/calming benefits I can get my hands on and nothing has worked to moisturize and calm my skin until this.
5040	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using for months now, its my go-to and I keep coming back to it after trying other face lotions. Amazing for everyday use. I use with the rest of the skyn collection (night cream, etc.) and I've never been let down. I love these product so much!
3000	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Leaves skin silky! Great product. I am truly impressed with all of PCA's product.  It is pricey but worth it.

Also, if you care about these things (and I do), Badescu products are cruelty free.
5122	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product! It makes my hair so soft and shiny without making it look greasy!
6700	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Creates nice loose wave curls
4862	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Been using this for a while now.  Only complaint is that it leaves your face looking a bit dry and washed out.  Tried other colors but too dark.  I have very dry skin so need lots of moisturizer.
I used to use Mario Badescu spray earlier but that made my face too shiny. This works better. It contains water and glycerin with some herbal ingredients to hydrate and protect the face. It's a bit expensive so I am rating it 4 stars.
4024	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have been using this for years. It is a fresh sunny scent that reminds me of a day at the beach. It is not terribly strong and it often doesn't last for more than a few hours. However, I love it for its freshness and simplicity. I buy a couple of bottles a year because it makes me feel good without leaving me overwhelmed with a scent that is heavy and leaves me wheezing and sneezing.

The only downside to this product is that it leaves my daughter's (the one more prone to breakouts) skin feeling like the serum is kind of greasy or stays on her skin. This has ingredients to help skin from becoming too dry which is a symptom of a lot of acne creams.
This would definitely be an extra special gift for a man. If you can and want to afford it.
6641	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a fan of Hot Tools products.  My dog ate the cord on my last one and I ran up to the local beauty supply store to get another one.  It was really expensive at the store so I looked up this product on Amazon and it was $10 cheaper.  Got it and it works great.  It heats up fast.  I have really long hair and this can make a great curl even w my long hair.
2268	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product smells great so it's nice aromatherapy-wise.  doesn't dry, but does sop up oil and decrease pore visibility.  Really a nice product. A good deal.
Ingredients

4309	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Bioelements
7416	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm slowly but surely becoming a BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA convert! I really like the BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA NIGHT CREAM AHA (Alpha-Hydroxy-Acid) because it goes on thick and velvety, but has absolutely NO GREASY feel or look, including the next day!
1733	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	"Delicacy" is closer to a light peach or pink-peach shade with a very muted shimmer. Very sheer with one coat and opaque in 4 coats but incredibly thick by that point.
3197	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My stylist recommends this product. Desert air dries my hair. This works great, now I have healthy hair.
7787	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I've heard very good things about this brand, and was excited to try this cleanser. I'm at the nuisance age of enjoying periodic acne along with mild wrinkles, so I keep looking for solutions for the former that don't exacerbate the latter (dry skin makes the wrinkles look worse, for those not yet familiar with the pattern). This cleanser is not going to stay in my arsenal.
I love this--it reminds me of Nars "O" with only a tiny hint of shimmer. It goes on very sheer but is build-able without being too powdery-looking. I'm a fair/cool and Blossom is a very subtle shade; I can't imagine anyone medium or darker being able to wear this it's so pale. I love that it has no fragrance--I used to wear CoverGirl Cheekers when I was younger but the overly perfumed scent bothers me now. The compact is fairly large considering it's blush and includes a mirror in the lid.
5294	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wedding make up artist showed me this product when i came back for a lesson. She put it over my shadow, Above my pupils. Thats it. It makes your eyes pop. Its a bit pricey but it has lasted a long time with regular use...
The other way to use this product is as a mid-day (or night time) pick me upper. You know that feeling you get when you splash some water on your face to freshen up or shake the cobwebs off? This spray provides a similar sensation amped up two or three notches higher. The spray is gentle enough that there's no irritation on your eyes (although I do initially spray with my eyes closed) and I let the fine mist simply air dry off my skin which provides a healthy, natural and rejuvenated finish a few minutes later. The tender and delicate results makes this one worth trying out particularly if you've been using harsher toners up until now.

647	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is aptly named amazing base. It really is amazing how well this powder covers. Usually you need a base or foundation and a powder to get full, even coverage, but not with this powder. It is very light and doesn't feel cakey and covers like you have on several products instead of just powder. I am a huge fan of this product.
7361	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The great thing about this pencil is its thin fine point. As someone who tweezed my eyebrows to the point of non-existence, I have become adept at filling my eyebrows in. Most products out there are either powders that wear off quickly or thicker point pencils that create an artificial brow line.
6257	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A must have!
With a new bottle, I peel off the plastic tape that is covering the shaker, then tape off 1/2 of the opening with blue painter's tape - otherwise too much will come out too fast.
1522	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of my favorite colors and the product is just as it says.
1582	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the matte look, i used to the like the shinny but Zoya and Opi opting for these matte looks they are great and so natural looking.  Nothing audcious about this,  Try it you will love it.
9851	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my all time favorite brands/products. Definitely try this. You'll love it
7783	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Salicylic face wash works very well for me and I had heard wonderful things about Obagi chemical peels so I was excited to try this. I was a little nervous it would be drying, but it's not.
2293	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Jane Iredale products for more than seven years since my dermatologist recommended them to me. As long as you keep the brush or application pads clean, this foundation doesn't make my skin break out at all. This is not a heavy product, which I prefer.
2881	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this Jane Iredale  eyeliner pencil for several years now (not the same pencil) and love it. I wouldn't use any other its light and the perfect color for me.



4525	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	happy with this product

5613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Looks just like real hair! Okay, so let me start by saying that I had alopecia (not sure on the spelling) when I was in college. The hair on the sides of my head, right above my ears just thinned out and has never grown back. I always wear my hair down because it's easy to cover the spots with my curly hair. However, if I ever want to wear my hair up, I'm faced with exposing my 2-Half-Dollar-sized bald spots. I've colored in the spots before, but I go through those eye pencils way too quickly and they aren't exactly real looking. These Fibers are the first thing that has really allowed me to wear my hair up and look normal. Don't get me wrong, I'm still keeping an eye out for a hair growth miracle, but in the mean time, this will do. ;)
I can definitely see using this on an airplane, however, where the stale air is drying and you're likely to be tired. Also, an office setting would be appropriate as well.
5139	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	CHI Silk Infusion is my new, favorite hair product. Not only does it smell incredible, but it works great too. When I put a little in my hands, it reminded me of Moroccan oil. A little bit goes a long way. However, after smoothing it into my hair, my hands were left without the greasy, oily feeling. It's amazing. And it left my hair smooth and soft, with fewer fly-aways. I'm definitely sticking with this.
1555	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It goes on like a dream and dries quickly.
9781	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my second tube and I  love it - best ever for concealing dark circles.  Jane Iredale products are awesome.
This a product that I had underestimated until today when I applied it under Dermablend Pro Translucent Loose Setting Powder, which may not be necessary if you want that chroma look; yet because I preferred the varying built-up applications I achieved with the Dermablend Professional Crme, I missed something with trying this last.  As before I was too quick to judge.  I had applied it very thick and then I went out.  I thought to myself that is was mask-like, yet nice moist cover.
2520	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The bottle is quite unique and beautiful. It doesn't look like a traditional bottle, which I love.  I like putting it out as a bit of art on my dresser.
It couldn't be easier to use, just spray the face - it is very gentle, and wait a few minutes and you can pat it dry.
Is it worth it...yes.  Its cheaper to buy the pack than to buy each item individually.
3239	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was recently vacationing in Italy and ran out of my travel size Crest.  I wandered into a pharmacy in Florence (ironically, home of Marvis) and bought a little travel size version of this.  I was instantly hooked.  It's wonderful.  It's just better than any other toothpaste.  It's extremely minty and not too sweet.  It doesn't have fluoride (which is NOT good for you, folks!) and it whitens well.  My teeth and breath look and smell great.  I'm so happy I ran out of my usual brand in the land of Marvis!  I'm a customer for life now, and very happy that Amazon carries it.



5194	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's a very good product.
9240	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin is already looking better after using this for only a short time. It says to use twice a week and that is probably sufficient. I didn't notice any burning sensation, just a slight tightening as it dried. I have sensitive skin so would notice any uncomfortable side affects if there had been any. I don't plan on wearing it out in the sun, don't know why anyone would. It is only supposed to stay on 10 minutes so surely anyone can stay inside that long. I'm not even sure why some are bringing this up. I like the product and the results it causes. My skin feels better and my skin tone seems a lot better. I've always had a little trouble with oily skin but not with acne and this seems to even it out.
7392	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using for months now, its my go-to and I keep coming back to it after trying other face lotions. Amazing for everyday use. I use with the rest of the skyn collection (night cream, etc.) and I've never been let down. I love these product so much!

Best of all, I found it to be very soothing, almost like a thick water, but not slippery like glycerin. The consistency is just perfect for this kind of product, and it is enjoyable to use. I like it so much I'm planning to buy a second one to keep in my dopp kit for travel. I think it would be great at the end of the day for sun and wind burn. I'm careful about what takes up space in that kit, but this one earned it.
2508	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I will compare Euphoria to Endless Euphoria, as they are quite different and each good in its own way.  Endless Euphoria, also by Calvin Klein, is a very pleasant floral fragrance, with a light set of overtones.  It compares well to Estee Lauder Pleasures.  And it lasts most of the day.  My wife prefers the Endless to the regular Euphoria because it is lighter and lasts longer.  However, Euphoria is one that I like more.  It is also floral, but it is bolder in its overtones.  My wife says it does not seem to last as long, but I wonder if that is because its intensity diminishes not the entire fragrance itself.  I think that the Euphoria perfume compares well to Beyond Paradise.  Both of these perfumes by Calvin Klein are very good, and I don't think you can go wrong by them.
7874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	easy to apply, did not need all of the other tools that i purchased with it.
4940	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have combination skin and a little redness/rosacea going on. The color warm sienna took care of the redness, but got very oily in the T-zone. So, I bought the Absence oil control to wear under the makeup. The Absence makes the color whiter, as it is white and doesn't control the oil enough. Absence is very hard to apply too little does nothing, too much, it looks white and adds flaking......I'm not too happy
7226	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff works!  SO much better for occasional adult breakouts than anything else I have tried.  Put down the Clearasil! A little goes a lonnnnng way.  Just dip a Q-tip all the way down to the bottom of the bottle to touch the pink part of the seperated liquid (do not shake) - dab on affected area.  It immediately dries.  Note, it ain't pretty, and you will have a pink dot of what appears to be dried calamine lotion on your face, but its totally worth it.  Just do it before bed and wait for the vanishing act to happen!
3693	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this off and on for years.  Keeps my skin free of flakes and keeps it glowing.  I have dry skin so I mix this with micellar water.  In summer I use it straight a few days a week.
Biolage used to be my favorite shampoo and conditioner until I got the abba Moisture shampoo and conditioner. Especially for normal or fine hair, if you use the shampoo and conditioner, your hair will come out like silk and lay perfect (with no weighed down residue feeling) after a blow dry!

6265	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product. Leaves face clean but not tight.
POLOXAMER 184
2126	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very minty!
4113	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Toppik for several years just by shaking in on. The spray applicator makes application much easier and more precise.
504	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very full coverage foundation. It's very thick and almost reminds me of the texture of modeling clay. Before use it needs to be warmed a bit with your hand to make it thin out so it's spreadable. It covers imperfections like redness and acne scars well. I only like to use one layer. If I use more than one it feels too heavy and makes my already oily skin feel too oily. I prefer to use this anywhere on my face except under my eyes. When I tried using it under my eyes it settled into the fine lines and made me look older. I'd suggest something more light and delicate for under eyes but if you just need a good, full coverage foundation for the rest of your face, this is a good one. It did take a few times to fully get the hang of using this makeup since I'm use to liquid foundation. I prefer to use a good quality foundation brush to apply this.
3730	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best hair vitamin
5874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color. got many compliments. goes on smooth
5875	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color
I've not had any clogged pores or reaction to it and feel that it's a great quality product. I don't need a lot per application so it's lasting a long time. That makes the cost seem more reasonable to me.
8075	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a 50ish woman who has noticed thinning areas on the to of my head, this product has been wonderful for me, it covers,doesn't clump, run or even look like I'm wearing anything to disguise the area. I am so satisfied, I brought it over to my hairdresser, and she uses it on her clientele..There is one thing though, the bottom of the bottle is weighted and I'm never sure when I'm running low..wish they could address that...
It hasn't broken me out and the formula is very mild and doesn't sting when applied.
3953	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have extremely sensitive skin.  I am precluded from using nearly all moisturizers as they irritate my skin and clog my pores.  This has a lovely clean fragrance.  What is amazing is that I can use this on my face.  I know that aestheticians would not recommend using a body lotion on the face, but all that I can say is it works for me!
It is simply awesome.  I took this out from the box - my wife tried to test it and it did not work.  I tried a 2 more puffs on my palm before it got primed and let a thin spray on my palm and even after 3 hours I can still smell off of my palms and it is just amazing.

7682	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the consistency, strong enough to remove dirt but gentle enough not to irritate. And although I've heard some people say they do not like the way NIA 24 products smell, I actually do like the way their products smell. It is a bit strong, and would recommend the company to lay off on the fragrance. This product gets a 2 rating on ewg.org, which is good!
I plan to buy for my nephew for Christmas--I like to stick some useful stuff in with fun stuff.
3507	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a good razor for ladies- I like the long handle for shaving my legs. Its a good size, weight, shape, and looks like it will last forever.
5. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL INTENSE POWDERCAMO (NO SPF):
4264	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a good tinted moisturizer with plenty of coverage.
I first tried both of these products as sample/trial sizes that I purchased from ebay (for around $15.00 each for a month's supply) so I was able to determine how my skin would react before investing in the full-sizes. And I also have a home Microdermabrasion tool (PMD) that I use weekly, to help the products to penetrate. Nia Intensive is very rich so a little goes a long way and it really isn't that expensive in comparison to so many of the psuedo "skincare" products available.
4215	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this in conjunction with intensive brightening 0.5% retinol treatment, it helps "rebalance"  the effects of the retinol.  It's light weight & non-greasy.  I use several of the PCA creams, each one having it's specific benefit.  It's been a trial & error but I've stuck with it, learned what works best for me & it's been worth it.  I love this line!

7027	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good but not great. Like his other products better.
7545	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	While I was placing a few orders on Amazon my friend asked if I could order her the trial size Vichy since she doesn't have prime.long story short when I took it out of the padded envelope the top was not only cracked but also it was completely off. This wasn't sealed and most of the product was in the envelope! Threw it away and will not repurchase.
1444	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Moisturizes some of the driest skin and relieves that itchy cracked feeling immediately.
1605	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wanted a natural nail polish. And this is the closest anyone makes. I love how it makes my natural nails look beautiful. Don't have to worry when it starts chipping because you barely notice. Made my nails a lot less yellow. Love this product!
2179	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Yeah I'm a cheap skate when it comes to shaving (the reason I tried out DE style razors) and I could be more pleased with a shaving cream than I am with PRORASO. Leaves your face feeling cool and refreshed after your shave due to the Eucalyptus in it.
1135	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Keeps my skin clear



5997	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Exfoliation fixes it all -- it helps my pores appear smaller, it improves skin texture, it keeps my skin clearer and softer... BUT when you're a red-faced Irish girl like me, you can't use harsh exfoliants on your face.  With other cleansers, my face would get red.  And stay red all day!
4505	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	La Roche-Posay Effaclar Micellar Cleansing Water for Oily Skin 4/5 STARS
6437	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i absolutetly love this product. the smell, how quick my skin absorbs the product and the aftermath is perfect. 100% recomended
9472	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I have used this product.  Works great and does not have any unpleasant fragrance.
5592	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Find your color and try it. I don't leave the house without it. It's really quite remarkable!
6910	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These are perfect for a quick clean up at the office or an early morning clean up when it is just too hard to wash the face regularly. Late night approved. Remove any oily shine and close up those pores while toning and getting ride of any gunk from the day, or night. I love these things and will definitely be getting more!

4268	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have never tried a self tanning product before because I'm pretty medium skin tone naturally.  However, I received a sample of this in my Amazon beauty box and I thought it was awesome!!  The towel was enough to tan my thighs, back, stomach, chest, butt, and shoulders (I was trying to tan places that don't normally see the sun, to get rid of my funny tan lines).  The tan was subtle, but noticeable to me -- it got rid of my tan lines!  And it was awesome because it had no bad smell whatsoever and it did not feel sticky or gross and it didn't discolor any clothing or furniture or anything.  I might order these now, even though I really don't usually self tan.
1958	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why Essie stopped selling this in drugstores, but I absolutely love this color.  Seller was prompt. Great great wedding nail color.

3992	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff! I don't wear a ton of makeup but I swim almost every day and use sunscreen. Until now, I actually had trouble getting the sunscreen off my face.  It would clog my pores. When I got this, the sunscreen just melted off and it left me with clean, soft and fresh skin. I'm trying to take care of my skin and not abuse it like I always did. I use this with my Clarisonic and my skin is perfect! Love it
The after shave lotion is nice, feels soft without being greasy. And the unscented is truly unscented.
6435	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This has made my under eye area so hydrated and moisturized. Great for at night because the cream is on the thick side.
1351	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When I started thinning on top of my head I knew I needed to do something.  I'm a female age 56 and I think Menopause was the reason for my thinning hair.  Anyway, when anyone was talking to me they would always scroll with their eyes up to my head looking at the thin parts.  I became very embarrassed, especially when the wind blew it was worse.  Since using Toppik I'v notice they do not look at my thinning head anymore.  But, sometimes in the sun when the wind blows it's a little more apparent.
Nia24 follows a recent trend of using niacin in a molecular formula to stimulate DNA repair.  It has a Peptide blend to reinforce collagen, Vitamin C, Licorice and White Birch to brighten as well as Caffeine to reduce puffiness.

3464	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color. Looks purple in the bottle, but is a navy blue... Love it!
7921	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!!! Covers thinning area very well!
8647	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Mario Badescu skincare products for years because of their consistently good quality.  This Vitamin E lotion hydrates quickly, is easily absorbed but doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy.  I've used it on my very dry patches and the relief was immediate.  There's a subtle scent.
1140	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it
9985	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Proraso shave cream with great success.  I purchased this "Soap in the Bowl" to support a recent vacation as I did not want to travel with my ceramic bowl.  This product provided a very comparable lather and since it was the same ingredients as the cream in the tube, I did not experience any break-outs as a result.  This is a must have for travel or for anyone not wanting to mess with the separates.
Also, if you care about these things (and I do), Badescu products are cruelty free.
9825	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like the smell and like most soaps it does not stick around. Its a larger amount than I expected. Ive been wet shaving for about two years and still find myself experimenting with different soaps. They last a long time so its not like you have a lot of them. This one is very pleasant, very nice shave, lathers easily (I have heard water but on a hardness scale of 1-5 its a 2-1/2) and Im looking forward to keeping it in my rotation. I have a tough beard that grows in many directions and I would definitely recommend this soap.
2245	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this dryer for a couple weeks and I feel good about my purchase. I'm not seeing dramatic frizz reduction or anything but it does seem to have helped  a bit with my flyaway prone hair. I can definitely say that it is faster than my old dryer, and I'm amazed at how quiet it is!  I wish it was a bit smaller as it is sort of hard to store but other than that I am very happy.

9308	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband adores this shower gel. He calls it "clean, very fresh, with some woodsy tones". The fragrance does linger an hour or so after showering and it smells quite divine from a woman's point of view. There's a good lather, and he managed to shave with it in the shower. I plan on using it as well since it smells so good. I'm a Calvin Klein & 4711 girl and adore men's scents much more than the flower power of women's colognes. To me this gel has hints of vetiver and sandalwood, with some "tree scent" thrown in for good measure. It reminds me of what our oak and cedar trees smell like after a good rain. It's clean and yet sexy. I don't think you'll be disappointed!
Do use this product consistently and liberally.
9864	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a self-proclaimed PCA addict (in the best way).  My medicine cupboard resembles an aesthetician's tray.  PCA, exfoliating wash, toner, multiple serums, hydrators, eye cream, sun screens and lip serum (this review).

8236	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I really should have gone to the store rather than trusting how colors would translate from online to in person.  Since I'm a fan of butter London, it seemed like a safe gamble.  Wow was I wrong.  The color Dahling (such a fun name, like all their colors) looks *nothing* like the photo.  I thought it was going to be a delicious medium sherberty pink and it's actually rather dowdy,  a matronly mauvey pink.  Sad.
8554	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cleasner is nonirritating to my skin, which so you know is very rare. My skin is easily irritated and can turn red from products. It works best used day and night if you want to keep your pores cleaner and less chance of blackheads and breakouts. Works great with concentrate, lotion and moisturizer.
7301	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this room spray. Always getting compliments.
3. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SET + REFRESH LONG-LASTING MAKE-UP SETTING SPRAY (NO SPF):
5182	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Although this is a small size jar, I want to start by saying a little goes a long way. It is a cream moisturizer, my skin can be stubborn but it didn't ball up on top or feel greasy. It is definitely best when used at night, I found it a bit too hydrating to go beneath my makeup but when I use it at night my skin is soft and ready by morning. With winter my cheeks had been extra dry so I've really enjoyed not having to worry about them being patchy. Also worth mentioning is that my skin is sensitive and it has not caused me any irritation. The one thing I wasn't fond of was the scent, it is floral and reminds me of old fashioned moisturizers. Overall it is a good hydrating cream that has been helpful with my dry winter skin and I plan to continue to use it.
This is an excellent hand cream that although is more expensive than many other hand creams has far superior qualities than most.

There is also a wonderful little sharpener that accommodates the thin pencil.  The sharpener holds the pencil shavings until you dump them.


Besides being an effective cleaner I really liked how it didn't leave my skin super dry, and didn't leave it with that film other cleansers leave.  The after-feeling was similar to having used a toner.
goes on smoothly and does not feel goopy or greasy.  it is light and good for under makeup.
This is by far my favorite scent. I think it's a little immature to think that only a man or only a woman can wear a certain scent, if you like it, you should wear it! That being said, this cologne makes me think of someone who is refined and neat and secretly a bit of a sexy bad ass.
Causes me no breakouts, redness or pink blotches, no itching or burning, no stinging to the eyes and has been gentle on my skin.

3996	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Not only is the bottle elegant looking, but the product inside is quite simply, a delight.
And no, I don't get a commission if you buy that razor- LOL
5062	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had never thought to try something like this until I saw it in the vine program. So I figured if it can help me skin then I'll give it a shot. I've always had problems with my skin and irritation so the first thing I did was put a small amount right below my ear and left if there to see if it reacted badly, it did not so I gave it a go the next night.
2777	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great price and arrived fast.

5	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product. Doesn't leave you hands feeling greasy or slippery.
4802	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my second purchase of this product and won't be my last.  It smells like Christmas and my hair feels smooth but still had body.  Love it.
Not for use by pregnant or nursing women. Consult with your dermatologist before using this product. Do ask your doctor if this product is right for you and start using it as soon as possible after pregnancy/nursing. You will be amazed at the results after 1 month. My main reason for using this product was due to weight gain and monthly weight gain. It seems to have been very effective and I will continue using the product over the long term for maintenance.
9348	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First of all, know this is not Argan oil.  This is some kind of silicone hair product.  it is not an oil.
I love scents with darker notes like Paris, Jo Malone Blue Cacao and Agave, Black Opium, and Angel, and this fits right in with those other mysterious scents.
6385	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This scrub is just okay. It smells great and leaves my skin soft, yet there isn't enough exfoliant (strawberry seeds) in it to thouroughly exfoliate my skin.
1179	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I took the advice of another reviewer and bought small container.  First time used I was very surprise of how easy and well it covered bald spot in back of head.  Stayed on for 2-3 days and not messy.  Wish I had found sooner instead of wasting a lot of time trying to cover up back, bald line.  UPDATE:  FORGET THE SPRAY.  It is hard to use, sprayer sticks and substance not good.  Plain air spray just as good, if not better
429	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This also works as a sunscreen.  It's of course a woman's product, but as an old man, I find it useful to use on my wrinkles and old age scars.
Overall, a great unisex, light conditioner for everyday use!
I love this product so much, I went to eBay to buy "Orchid", a discontinued color. It's the darkest/deepest of the colors, deep berry. It's one of my faves, so a pity they don't make fresh ones.
3524	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great shiny topcoat!  Does not make my polish last longer than any other topcoat, but I did not buy it for that reason.
580	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dermablend Cover Cr&egrave;me Full Coverage Foundation Makeup with SPF 30 for All-day Hydration in Golden Bronze is a dark glowing hue, for people who love to tan or have darker colored skin naturally. As I am fair skinned but like to look sun kissed in the summer, I thought I would try it. I have used Dermablend before, on my legs, when going to a summer wedding.
4912	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fast delivery! Exactly what I was looking for. Thank you and will order again.
Now, many people say with a new product there may be a "purging" stage where the acne is cycling thru and eventually it'll leave you with better looking skin thereafter. So far my "purge" is the worst my acne has ever looked and is emerging in places I've never had acne. How can that be? One thing to tell me my regular acne or hidden acne will pop up faster during a purge, but explain the logic behind acne on parts of my face never seen? My face has been completely ravaged and I'm on my 2nd month.
I just wish they'd not use Petrolatum as the 2nd ingredient after sugar :(


6457	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Flexible Use On Combination Skin
7089	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic shampoo that lathers really well. Cleans the hair very well and light enough to use every day. It won't take out oil based pomades with one wash, but it will take out water based pomades with a single wash. Leaves your hair super soft. I love Jack Black products and this shampoo is a must have for anyone who really cares about their hair. I have also tried the Kiehls shampoo and this is much better in comparison. My favorite shampoo!
8383	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't wash off makeup, leaves my face feeling dirty and like I haven't washed it yet. Very weird smell too, and you need a lot for each application. Not for me. Would not buy again.
1942	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Color is beautiful and as stated in description.  I have been looking for this type of blue polish for the longest time.  The polish goes on smoothly.  Great quality!
4329	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm a lip balm addict. I have to try every new lip balm and lip product that hits the market.  The pros and cons of this lip balm are:
In both cases, the skin surface felt smooth, although dry and tight.
In the kit there was a cuticle oil, a clear top coat, a flesh color, and a nail polish remover.

Give it a try!
It has a slight fragrance that I find uplifting and soothing at the same time.
9972	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.
It definitely has enough air flow. It really blows out and it seems to get my hair dry faster than my old BaByliss. The heaviness and worrying is too stressful.
5778	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Foams and feels very clean.
3358	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have never used a polish remover that compares anywhere close to this!  I had 5 coats of polish on my nails and all 10 nails were completely clean in less than one minute, with no residue or stains. No mess, either.  It just gets rid of all traces of polish in seconds flat.  Definitely buying more of this!!
6376	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	IT WORKS GREAT

3449	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love OPI's Cajun Shrimp color! It's the perfect coral-red mixture. A great summertime color! OPI has had this color out for years and there's a reason. Whenever I do an at-home pedi, the polish chips quicker than it does when I got get a professional pedi - it can last for weeks then!
7834	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have been married for close to 24 years, and hubby has always used Edge Sensitive Gel, no matter what razor. But after my great experience with a Vichy facial serum, he figured that it was worth trying this. He used it once and tossed it. His skin was irritated, especially his neck, which was scraped and red, and his shave was not as close with the same razor.

4345	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	it's a pretty good facial spray  no allergy reaction from it
WHAT IS THIS CLEANSER LIKE?
Edit.  Zoya took a  really long time to ship out my stuff.  My Gemma manicure lasted 10 days with only minimal edge wear (which only I could see; people talking to me couldn't tell).  I was bored with the color, so I went to Ulta and bought "Sarah" (a metallic red) and did that with Orly's "Top 2 Bottom" base/top coat.  So far this has lasted 5 days and is not showing wear.
2) Billy Jealousy Hot Towel
I did have a problem that is worth mentioning.  It turns out that I am allergic to Badger hair.  Who knew!?!?  I developed allergies to Cats and birds many years ago.  I have a more mild allergy to dogs... even the hypoallergenic ones.  My advice is that you be cautious with the lovely Badger hair brush if you have known allergies to other fur bearers.  Just a warning.  I certainly don't blame the maker for my allergy to Badgers.
2611	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is consistently recmnded by dermatologist and skin gurus.
2087	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	It's a jelly formula which means it takes 6 coats or so to be opaque. I'm super disappointed!!!! I was so excited only to be extremely let down. Awful formula, do not buy. Even over white it just looked ugly and messy.
$120.00 is a hefty price to pay for such a set. You get:
2894	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smooth skin...
The only thing I would change is the amount dispensed by the pump.  It pumps a little too much for just my eye area.  I end up using the excess on the wrinkles of my upper lip.
8974	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Originally, I loved this iron. However, after a couple of months, it stopped working properly. The light flashes and doesn't heat continually, so it was definitely faulty. I contacted the seller and they said they could do nothing about it. So, it was a waste of money.
-Lighter by two shades from MAC NW25 Studio Tech formula which is similar to this.  It is the same tone range, however.
6369	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This body wash is excellent!! This brand is excellent. We purchase a lot of Mario Badesco products and never have a bad thing to say about them. They one is no different. It's great and does excatly what it is supposed to do.

3497	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite! Love this polish. Although this specific bottle seems to chip quicker than my previous bottles of the same color.
4695	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice rich moisturizer for bedtime; blends well into skin.
189	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	nice color, good product
3160	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	High quality that you expect from German products! Didn't work well for me but my skin is sensitive
8453	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I really wanted to like this cleanser. I mean the name of it just sounds amazing. Upon opening it, there's no seal on it. The smell is not too bad. It's a pleasant smell but definitely a little bit artificial. There are little bits of pieces in this to help exfoliate the skin. I have used it for a few days now - hoping for what happened the first time was a fluke but I think I am allergic to something in this because every time I used it, my skin would break out. I have not had as much break out as when I was a teenager - over 15 years ago.
6264	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using Billy Jealousy's White Knight face wash for several months now. I love the clean and fresh feeling I get from this product, and especially enjoy how it feels after I get out of the shower. My face isn't dry and doesn't feel as though I've stripped it of all oils. Works great, smells great, and is a pretty decent value compared to the other products on the market.
7066	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is truly a lip moisturizer that WORKS!  My lips feel like silk when I use Bioelements lip moisturizer.  My only problem with it is with the price of $20 at the time of this review, but I am reviewing the product and not the price.  However, it does work, isn't greasy, sticky or heavy, stays put and lasts.  I recommend it.
5861	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm not ordinarily a fan of dark polishes, but Chimney Sweep is a lovely color.  In some lights it has a green hue, in others it looks somewhat blue.  I love Butter London!!
3914	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like all O.P.I. products thus far with the exception of the Matte finish. Nail Envy is wonderful, just be sure it is the original finish and not the matte finish.


1) Billy Jealousy Liquidsand
3906	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this as a gift for my grandparents. My grandfather had been complaining about his nail becoming brittle and breaking. My grandmother was trying to paint his nails with strengthener to help but it wasn't doing the trick. I purchased this to see if it would be better. After a couple of weeks of use they both use it and love it. They said their nails are doing great. They also use Solar Oil everyday on the cuticles to help keep the cuticles and nail bed hydrated and healthy.
My face is pale and my skin is mixed. Some places are a little oily (not the cheekbones), some dry and some normal. Cheekbones aren't oily The color worked blended nicely with my complexion, and brown hair with blonde highlights. A base amount gives it a gentle pinkish look. Adding more darkens the color, something I'd do for evening events or going someplace dark. The lightweight blush looks and feels soft. It's not harsh, oily or sparkly. That's all I can ask for as long as the color is right.
While I like that it has natural and organic ingredients I didn't have such good luck with it treating my blemishes (which mostly occur at that time of the month).  It didn't really seem to reduce the redness, puffiness, or the longevity like I hoped it would. After reading another review that it helped with Rosacea, I am going to pass this along to my mother to see if it will help her with that skin problem...as for me, I am going to go back to using Tea Tree oil.  It's a lot cheaper, also natural, and seems to work better for me without drying out my skin.
7146	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the peppermint. There is a small tingley sensation that you would expect from mint but you get clean, well-conditioned hair.
If you like the feel and smell of menthol you will love this.

- one bottle will run for about a month or month and a half depending on the your use.
This is a white clay, and it is very light.  A little goes a long way, and I rinsed my face prior to applying the clay.  It worked great, even as light and thin as it was.  I washed it off after the suggested drying time, and my skin felt nice and clean.
1558	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Zoya Polish!  I use the base and top coat along with 2 coats of polish. I can usually go 2 weeks without a chip.  And it is easy to remove the polish.  Also knowing it is 5 Free brings peace of mind!

2684	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Purchasing Dermablend products is purchasing quality.  These products have been a staple in my beauty regimen for years.  Can't do without them.

9055	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Got this on sale and I love it! Makes perfect large beautiful curls or waves. Great for volume on short hair or waves and curls on long hair. Hot Tools is a great brand
The package was only 3/4 full, which is why I didn't give the review 5 stars.
3846	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works as described.  used on gels and regular polishes some took more drops than others, but this bottle will last me a LONG time
4135	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Spreads the product evenly over the area. Every few uses I turn the applicator upside down to "fluff" the fibers inside. This keeps the product spraying evenly and not concentrated in one spot.
This micellar cleansing water for oily skin cleans and refreshes the skin to remove dirt and oil. I love it and have incorporated it in as a part of my beauty regimen.
5767	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this pencil. goes on like silk and stays put! a must in my makeup arsenal.
7183	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great for the in between days, scent is amazing!

I will throw it out - not worth returning - but will never purchase again....  I still love their regular polishes though and will continue to use them,
3284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lip balm is absolutely amazing. It is the first that I have used that keeps drawing me back for more. In the past I would only use a balm on cold winter days to prevent chapping, but the spf in this is a perfect excuse to moisturize on warm sunny days as well. This balm is not too greasy, and absorbs well into my lips within an hour or so, keeping them moist and smooth throughout the day. I ended up purchasing a second tube to keep in my car so that I would never be without it. Yet another winning product from the gals at Jack Black that will keep me coming back time and time again.
trust which is very great business relationship with customers.
Right now I have oily combination skin, but mostly oily on T zone and cheeks. I decided to get the Regimen Kit by this company, and in it is a sample of this product.
503	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This applies very smoothly and evenly, covering most blemishes and imperfections.  I noticed that a little goes a long way as it doesn't take much for good coverage.  It covered black Sharpie drawn artwork on the back of my hand very well, so I think it will probably cover a tattoo.  It will rub off some on your clothing so be thoughtful about what you will be wearing near this make-up.  It's not easy to wash off either, most of it comes off on the towel.
1118	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was looking for a micro-fine powder to use to set my makeup.  This looked cakey on my dry skin.  I much prefer the Laura Mercier setting powder or even the $5 Elf HD powder.

2283	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the very few beauty products I'm completely sold on.  It REALLY does reduce the dark circles and baggy look under my eyes; with regular use.  My skin was noticeably improved after about a month of use.  This is the one expensive skin product I will not go without.
I had tried other nail strengtheners in the past -- cheap products such as Sally Hansen -- and pricier products such as TIPS and ProStrong. None of these worked as well as the OPI Nail Envy.

6468	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cleansing gel gives me that enzyme exfoliation that my skin needs without irritating my sensitive skin. It has a light, fresh scent and great consistency.

This is more of a daily facial cream which I use morning and night. I cleanse my face with Cetaphil, and then I add a serum and top it off with Avene moisturizer. I only need some mineral powder, blush and mascara, and my day is set.
1916	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really love Essie and their colors!! This color is beautiful but if your looking for a neon this is not neon. I don't know why they call it neon collection. I have two others but haven't used them.

2986	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I buy this for my 90 year old mother-in-law, she loves it!
It heals and soothes chapped or dry lips quickly. Moisturization lasts, so you don't have to apply it constantly. All 3 varieties are good, but I think this one is best for healing really chapped lips.
8979	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Super refreshing to use when my face is feeling tight and dry without having to go through the whole rigamarole of going through the whole skincare regiment.

9931	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Proraso shave cream with great success.  I purchased this "Soap in the Bowl" to support a recent vacation as I did not want to travel with my ceramic bowl.  This product provided a very comparable lather and since it was the same ingredients as the cream in the tube, I did not experience any break-outs as a result.  This is a must have for travel or for anyone not wanting to mess with the separates.
Turns out, very different. The shaving brush is thick and full and lathers up nicely. He's a huge fan of the pre-shave oil (which has castor oil, olive oil, lavender oil, clove oil, fusanus spicatus oil, pepper seed oil, and water. Although the box says "unscented," it does have a light fragrance, probably from the lavender, clove, and olive oils. The shave cream (water, palmitic acid, myristic acid, stearic acid, potassium hydroxide, coconut acid, glycerin, triethanolamine, sodium hydroxide, tetrasodium EDTA, disodium EDTA, phenoxyethanol, methylisothiazolinone) lathers nicely, although some of the chemicals are not super friendly to very sensitive skin. The Aftershave balm (water, glycerin, shea butter, peg-4 olivate, isohexadecane, isopropyl isostearate, glyceryl stearate, peg 100,  silica, sodium pca, jojoba seed oil, orange peel wax, lemon fruit extract, ginkgo biloba leaf extract, centella asiatica extract, equisetum hiemale extract, cetyl lactate, sodium hyaluronate, grape seed extract, ascorbyl palmitate, peg-4 dilaurate, peg-4 laurate, carrageenan, xanthan gum, peg-4, tetrasodium edta, tapioca starch, iodopropynyl butylcarbamate, benzyl alcohol, phenoxyethanol, caramel) also has a slight scent.
1) Much, much darker than I needed
9105	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First, I meant to order the 1" curling iron so I'm going to give you the approximate circumference of the 3/4" one which is 2 7/8".  When I hold the measuring tape up next to the barrel it measures 3/4".  My hairdresser cut my layers a tad too short last time so my mistake worked in my favor. I'd be burning myself quite often if I was using the 1" size.
275	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The best way to keep it from chipping, or peeling off, is first use mild polish remover on nails to get any oil or dirt off (I have also been told to rough up the nails abit every other week (use a buff bar and use the even out side but do not push hard or do for to long.). After I use the remover and let the nails dry, I use a good base coat, one that helps hold the polish.  I let the base dry for 10 min's or so, then put on 1 THIN coat and let it dry 20min's or more then Put on JJa second Thin coat of the polish. After 20+ min's I put on a good top coat, which protects the polish, gives a nice shine and takes away that sand paper feel. You need to put on thiner coats and let it dry longer between coats when using glitter polish.  Also it helps to use 100% acetone remover, got mine at Walmart, to make it easer then reg or even normal acetone polish remover.

-it makes you hair look fuller
1999	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty. Good quality polish that is easy to use. Looks as pretty as a french mani. Highly recommended if you are in a hurry or don't want to pay for a salon white tip mani. Skip the tips and use this .
5625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great!
1541	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hi! Love this color.


This is a nice face wash.
6758	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very effective product.  Chip Skip helps my natural nail manicure last so much longer than without it.


132	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color, perfect for summer and keeping it professional and neutral for work!
4576	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This clear gel lets me see what I am doing and works better than puffy white shaving cream. This product works as well as the more expensive spa branded products.  Buying Zirh products makes sense because of the savings.
6603	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't believe how much I'm loving this product. First off let me say I have acne-prone, sensitive skin with eczema and have been in a near-constant battle with my skin for over 20 years now. It's tough to find a product that is effective without nasty side effects and that I really like and find comfortable on my skin. Lately I've been successful in finding some new-to-me products and this is one of them.
5553	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is catastrophically thin due to treatments of two cancers. Toppik does a terrific job at hiding the "holes" where my hair used to be. I no longer feel insecure about it. It is a terrific product.


471	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This review is for the Dermablend Professional Cover cream in Reddish Tan.  Dermablend makes a quality product, & this cover creme goes on smoothly & covers well. I have never had a problem with breakouts or irritation while using their makeup. It's nice that is SPF30. I don't usually buy alot of makeup, & once I find a foundation or product I like, I tend to stick with it. I have a hard time picking colors, when I'm in the store, & it's even harder for me online. This one is a little dark for me right now, but when I get a tan, it will be perfect. It covers well, & is easy to apply.  I've attached a few pictures so you can see the reddish tan color to help you decide if this is the right color for you.
You only need barely enough to cover the tip of one finger and you'll have enough lather to make a few passes or more. Basically this 10-dollar tube will last you MONTHS! Yeah try that with your can of GOO from Wally World. You might get a couple weeks maybe a month out of them and they cost close to the price of this tube each bottle. I would go as far as saying it's about 10 bottles to one Proraso tube.
1514	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I own 75 Zoya polishes so obviously I love it. The colors are amazing and I like that they are female centric. The pixie dust polishes are the best!!
I very much appreciated the videos showing how to use it/get a certain style. This helped me to know that this product was going to be good.
8945	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I seriously love this stuff! I spray it all over my face before I do my makeup, spray it on my brushes or sponge while I'm applying my foundation (makes my foundation look FLAWLESS) and just as a refresher throughout the day! The price is amazing, the ingredients are good and I LOVE the smell. I'm so glad I found this!
9278	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like it but I like the ExLinea peptide smoothing serum better.

4246	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Scent is a very personal preference.  I found this eau de toilette overly sweet and flowery...not too distinct from the other perfumes.  I only had 1 spritz in the air and my husband and boys all complained about the "old lady" scent.  If possible, try on some before buying.
649	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	favorite exfoliator
7365	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Girlfriend loves it for foot massages.
6404	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wanted to give this Night Cream a try and so far i really like the results this doesn't leave my face greasy and absorbs into the skin fast .This has Chamomile and Vitamin A great protection from environmental damage,this can be used for sensitive and combination skin. I am impressed how soft and silky my Face feels in the morning. I could get away with no Make up if i choose to,this leaves my Face with a nice vibrant color. I have recommended this to a few Friends as a night cream because the results are great,seller was wonderful also,this cream was packaged in a cute Mario Badescu bag with samples and boxed perfect ,I plan on placing more orders soon with this seller.

1632	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Zoya Polish!  I use the base and top coat along with 2 coats of polish. I can usually go 2 weeks without a chip.  And it is easy to remove the polish.  Also knowing it is 5 Free brings peace of mind!
5970	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome nail polish. It is as good as chanel nail polish but half the price. I used it with orly brand top coat and so far it has been two days and no chipping. It went on smoothly and dried fast. It is pricey but worth it.
1137	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Clear daughters flare ups quickly

3939	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First of all I have to say I spoil myself with expensive, lovely scented soaps. Crabtree & Evelyn Triple Milled Jojoba soap is absolutely perfect. It suds up super and the scent is light and lovely. The soaps are shell shaped and look great on the bathroom counter. I am using mine in the shower. Love love love this soap. The soap also leaves my skin quite soft. Perfect!
I actually like the the blade change mechanism and find it easier than a three piece.
9018	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great for straightening!
8859	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfection. This is perfect for setting my makeup as well as a refresher throughout the day!

Bottle contains enough remover to last a long time.
1.  I experience significantly less razor burn with this combination of products than Im used to, and can now shave every day without burning my beard.

9225	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was shocked at how well this stuff works at drying up pimples. I would start to have a breakout, so using a Q-tip I would dab a little on the area at night and by morning it would be gone. I wish I would have had this product when I was a teenager. I highly recommend Mario Badescu Drying Lotion...it really works fast.
2865	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Creases like crazy!
But if you still have hair, give it a go! Buy two shades and use them together!
2619	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	ETERNITY by Calvin Klein is a timeless perfume. I've liked it since I was in my late teens and still like it in my mid 30's.
5118	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product looks and smells pretty scary, but it works wonders on my dry, cracked hands. I definitely recommend it.
8277	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Butter London is the best nail polish in the marketplace! Goes on very easy and smooth, no streaks ever. Most times no second coat is needed, especially with the darker colors. I won't purchase any other brand of nail polish. Worth the price!! Manicure lasts for 7 days!
4600	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product and the shampoo for over a month. Very good quality product. My hair is a lot more soft and manageable (i have curly hair). I use a lot of heat to style my hair and i have already noticed a huge reduction in split ends and the "straw" like feel my hair used to have. I would definately recommend this product to anyone!
2280	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My dermatologist recommended this for dark circles caused by allergies and sinus issues. I've used it for over ten years.  It does a beautiful job of lightening and eliminating them, as well as improving the texture of the skin.  I stopped using it for a few months and the dark circles came back full force.
3638	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This scent is a pleasant flowery-sweet scent that I think is more for a man than a woman.  It is a modern classic in my opinion.  I doubt anyone would hate it.  You either like it or LOVE it.
4186	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This stuff BURNS if you have sensitive skin. I tried to use this before going back on Accutane, and I had to not wash my face for several days for my skin to stop being red, flakey, and insanely irritated. After this, even cleansing oils and balms were too much and would sizzle, I was very disappointed because I love the PCA brand.
5995	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells great, leaves a very subtle shimmer.
336	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works great. Nice color. Does what it is supposed to do. Long lasting.
6786	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Definitely a holy grail product for me. It's my go-to product whenever I get pimples.

496	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product was interesting.  It comes in a jar (as shown) and has a little spatula that you use to scoop out the product, warm it on your hands, and then apply it.
1) Quickly dries out cystic acne over night.
3) Provides 30 SPF.

5322	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Too rough for my sensitive skin...
5765	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this for over a month and my hair looks great. Very soft and smells really good. Shampoo does not lather because it is sulfate free. Be sure an get the conditioner,  I got it too, and it works great!
2824	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really like this product a little expensive, but great smelling!
If you are going to use this, I would suggest that you avoid using it for special occasions when you know you will have photos taken that really matter to you or video that has bright intense light because you might be disappointed.  I am not sure if this company makes a version without sunscreen or not, but that would be a better choice for those special occasions where photos and video will be an issue.
2254	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it . Use it daily
9842	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I enjoy a number of the Clean scents, but not so much this one.  This perfume smells mostly like flowers and musk.  I'm not sure which flowers, it's hard to tell.  Both the florals and the musk are definitely noticeable.  It didn't smell much like clean skin to me.  The Clean perfumes aren't supposed to smell like traditional perfume, they're supposed to just smell good.  I felt like this one fell short of that.  It smells like perfume.  That's not in and of itself a bad thing (I mean, I LOVE perfume), but this is not a perfume I would select. I'm not a big fan of obvious musks, and this one has a pretty obvious musk note to it.
6551	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the product and Anazon.


5338	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best facial mask product.  Works better than anything else I have ever tried.
6581	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Always have this on hand. Best setting spray I have ever used. I use this during and after my makeup, making it last extra long and allowing my makeup to blend out beautifully. Whenever I am spraying my makeup at the end I also spray a couple sprays on my hair as well. It somehow also takes my flyaways and just makes my hair look so much better. I always have this on hand and purchase about a bottle every 2-3 months
6387	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite facial scrub. I love the smell and it cleans my face really good. I love Mario Badescu products.
2426	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I don't know if this product was old or not, but the color of the serum was very dark where usually it's not.  I love this serum and faithfully use it.
3628	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My family tried the PHYTO Mix and Mask Hair Trio
7376	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought as a gift for my wife, she loves it.

7321	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive, combination, acne-prone skin. As a result, most sets of skincare products are either irritating, too drying, or too oily for me. This set is practically ideal. The cleanser is gentle but effective, the toner removes surface oils, and the oil-free moisturizer compensates for the toner's drying effect while leaving the skin matte. Also, the set is very reasonably priced given the generous quantities involved: this is a 3-4 month supply.
6856	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks.....


I have combination skin.

7553	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just watched a video of Bobbi Brown doing makeup on older women and she showed that using a heavy rich cream is okay, that it plumps up the face well for makeup application. I'm one that usually uses that at night. But for this last week, I've used it during the day, under makeup, and it's not heavy like I imagined.  It IS thick but it doesn't feel abnormal once your makeup is on.
384	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very helpful in covering up my scars. Easy to wash off with make-up remover. It didn't smudge once applied and I only had to reapply it occasionally throughout the day. Would definitely recommend for those seeking a cover-up make up.
7989	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this product gets a coveted 5-star rating. Those were looking for hair on a bald head should look elsewhere though. You must have some hair in order for this to give the appearance of a thicker head of hair. I have very fine hair and you can see my scalp through my hair. This product does an incredible job of covering that.it is very easy to apply and I strongly recommend you get the sprayer attachment.if you have very thin hair this is definitely the product for you
6644	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Something isn't right about the hot tools on here.
5636	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I get post-partem hair loss when my babies are 3-4 months old. This time was worse than last time and I had actual bald spots along with thinning right at the FRONT of my hairline! This stuff is great. You couldn't see the bald spots and it seemed to thicken the new baby hairs growing back in. I bought the applicator and it worked great. I am now at 7 months post partem and I don't need to use it as much, but I still have about half the container left. I will save it for my next baby. The only thing I will mention is that these fibers do cling. So, make sure to shake your head a bit, maybe finish getting ready and then wipe off your face and clothes if you have to. Also, I have very dark hair and used the dark brown color, so I can't rate the other colors.
4800	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great shampoo that leaves your hair smelling great and your scalp stimulated with the cool relaxing feel and smell of peppermint. This shampoo gives you an experience that is both mentally and physically satisfying.
Is an AMAZING makeup setter and even better at helping me apply my bb cream or foundation: After applying all my moisturizer, serums, sunscreen etc and let that absorb I spray my face with this stuff several times (maybe 4 which might be too much for some people but I like it) and let it sit on my skin for 10-30 seconds as it absorbs. But, before it's fully absorbed and dried I then apply my bb cream (or foundation/concealer etc) with my fingertips (you can use a brush of course if you want) and it blends sooo smoothly and really gives more of a flawless, hydrated, airbrushed look. It is not oily looking at all but just perfectly blends my makeup and I can't believe how much better my makeup looks since I started using this to apply my bb cream. I've also used it to set makeup after fully finishing applying it and it does stay on and stay put longer. The idea with the bb cream application is similar to a makeup sponge dipped in water--I guess it does the same type of thing.
I have sensitive/combo skin.

1716	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color and I will definitely purchase it again.
2176	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R3R5I31TOFXOEU" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/D1SFm6GssxS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/915jQCobkTS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;One of my favorite shaving creams is this Proraso shaving cream. The 5.2 oz tube lasts a long time because you only need about 1/4 to 1/2" of the stuff to make a lot of rich, creamy and soothing lather. I let it sit on my beard for a minute or two before starting to shave and that gives the Eucalyptus and Menthol time to do their stuff... which means a nice refreshing and tingly feeling on the skin. When you're done shaving, rinse off face with cold water and you have just woken up. There is no strong after-scent which I also like, just a minimal clean-shaven scent. This is good stuff! Though it seems pricey, it does last a long time so I'd say it is really a good deal and the quality of the shave makes it well worth it.
8066	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place. Instead of boosting his confidence, Toppik has made him even more insecure about losing his hair.
3195	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	THE BEST! Ive been using this for years. I always come back to it if I try something new. Love.!
9188	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great overnight! Has somewhat of an odor, but nothing unbearable.
4269	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Unexpectedly the best of my purchases.  I went on a foundation binge awhile back.  Started with Smashbox Halo and thought it was good.  Tried Estee Lauder, the light and heavier versions, Philosophy Hope in a jar version, Miracle Skin, Tarte.....I was really never thrilled with any of them.  Mostly they were too thick, heavy feeling, or I felt they were the wrong color even though a sales person "matched" me.  I had to buy some foundation when I went on a trip and grabbed this on at a drug store.  I was amazed right away how smooth and light it went on, but still covers up unevenness without making your face look like a pancake.  And by golly, it was one of the cheapest purchases.  I have since thrown away, what a waste, some of the expensive full bottles of foundation because after trying them several times, I hated the way they looked.  The Balm is the only one that is almost empty and will get replaced.  Even though it has moisturizer in it, I will still sometimes put a tiny drop of moisturizer in it and mix it up before applying with a makeup brush.  Love this stuff.  Bye bye expensive stuff.
1267	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great for bald spots for women I use it everyday no one knows.
The light is perfect for my NC15 coloring, and blends out easily.
3535	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works good on smoothing hair and shine.  I still get some frizzies, but this helps.  Been using for years.
What is actually occurring?
8369	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have this awful skin condition - Lichen Planus - from ruptured silicone breast implants (ladies beware), and this mask soothes it like no other.  In fact, I sleep in it at least 3 times a week.  It has a great texture and dries completely so that it won't smudge off on my pillow etc.  When I'm having a skin flare up this really calms the redness down.  The next morning after I've slept in it all night my face is much less red and swollen.  I will keep this mask as a part of my regular skin healing regime.  Mario has the best products!  I think I have almost all of them :)
I believe Blinc Lash Primer does help nourish my eyelashes.  My eyelashes are definitely longer after I apply this product.  I like that I can apply this product, curl my lashes, and then apply the mascara over eyelashes that have already been elongated by the Primer.  The Primer brush does a great job separating lashes, as well.
4272	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	THE BEST TINTED MOISTURIZER EVER! I HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING, AND THIS BY FAR GIVES YOU A NATURAL LOOK, COVERS SKIN IMPERFECTIONS, AND LEAVES NO WEIRD SUNSCREEN SMELL BEHIND. LIGHT AND EASY TO APPLY. LOVE!
1332	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely LOVE this stuff!! It covers your scalp and seems to make your hair seem fuller. I no longer worry that people will see my balding head. It even helps kind of cover my gray hair at the roots. I really do love Toppik! It works great!
Recommend.
5637	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this product gets a coveted 5-star rating. Those were looking for hair on a bald head should look elsewhere though. You must have some hair in order for this to give the appearance of a thicker head of hair. I have very fine hair and you can see my scalp through my hair. This product does an incredible job of covering that.it is very easy to apply and I strongly recommend you get the sprayer attachment.if you have very thin hair this is definitely the product for you

3046	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like using this cleanser it makes my face smooth and it's very gentle as well.
7263	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best ever made!



4175	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I use this Night Cream over PCA Skin-C and am diligent about washing my face at night and in the morning. The combination of the two creams have help to make my skin healthier and brighter. The only downside of the Skin Collagen Hydrator is there is not enough in the 1.7oz jar. Need to make at least a 2.0 or larger size please. Otherwise I would give this a 5 star rating.
904	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Evian spray on my face since I was in my 20's, which, um, was some time ago. The La Roche-Posay is just as good and with a lower price. I like to spray this on before I apply foundation. It's even better to use in the hot summer to refresh my face after being outside. It's moisturizing. The spray bottle is BIG and will last a long time. Recommended

7846	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love. Works as described. Definitely makes your polish last longer
9033	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hot tools is my go to brand for curling irons- I have 5 in different sizes. I use this size iron (3/4) for my vintage inspired hair styles. If set properly, it really replicates the look of a wetset on my hair. Really wish these bad boys had an automatic shutoff after a certain amount of time, but it is still my favorite regardless. They last for years, and I've never had one malfunction on me (unlike other brands). A very happy addition to my hair styling arsenal.
3959	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It was a non-issue when this full size product of C &E body lotion was offered. The hotel chain I stay at offers samples of this in this line's shampoo, conditioner, soap, and lotion. I liked it so much that I head over to their store in Chicago to stock up periodically.

These irons come with two extra springs...I didn't have to use the extra springs with my old one, but I'm very happy the extras are included. (We've had to replace the springs in other curling irons I've owned through the years. It was never easy to find a replacement spring). The temperature settings/numbers eventually wore off of my old one & I'm expecting this one to do the same because they're applied in the same manner. I have a favorite setting.  I marked my old one with a silver permanent marker so I'd know which setting to use. Although these curling irons get very, very hot I do not & will not use the higher settings. For goodness sakes, my hair isn't made from asbestos. FYI: My hairdresser recently burned a section of my hair off when her curling iron was set too hot. Thankfully, it was in a hidden spot, I don't have long layers, and I was able to cover the burned off hair until it grew back. Anyway, let that be a warning to you...it can happen. I've used curling irons for years & years & years & that was a first for me & my hairdresser.  I use the #7 temperature. It's the first setting on the 'Extra Hot' category. My baby fine hair is extremely hard to curl. If this curling iron lives up to its predecessor, I can expect many more useful years out of it.  And, soon, I will be placing an order for the 1" size.
6590	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells amazing!  My favorite facial spray.
262	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product!
9243	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The word "Peel" scares me when it comes to a face product, but this one has eased my mind.  Looking at the ingredients, it seems like something you could almost eat, so I felt good about putting it on my face.  It gives a cool, tingling effect, and my face felt like new after I used it.  This is the only peel that will be coming near me!
4023	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Disappointed very over priced water!
2496	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice
2635	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product! Light, sweet scent that stays on all day

Followed by:
When I come home from work, I still use an oil cleanser (Clinique's Take the Day Off) as a first step, but then I use this as a second cleanser, and it seems to remove any last vestiges of makeup.  Your skin actually feels soothed and moisturized, rather than tight.

Although the color was off so much that I found this foundation unflattering, the texture and surface of the foundation is nice.  It does melt into the skin, leaving a very natural finish.  Using with the Vincent Longo Water Canvas Primer does help it to look even a bit nicer, but I also used it with Lorac Aquaprime primer (used under moisturizer), and Swanson Vitamins Hyaluronic Acid serum under moisturizer primer with equally good results.
3420	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this color
This color in particular gives my skin a beautiful glow instead of an unnatural look.  It was too light on my lips, but that's OK because I'm so happy to have found such a great blush!  I rarely give 5 stars, but this is the best blush I have found, and I have been looking for a long time.
651	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gentle exfoliate for sensitive skin like mine. Living in Northern New England in the winter this product by PCA is the best for gently removing the dry irritated skin in the winter and in the summer as well. I follow up with the PCA hydrator spf 30 to protect my skin all year long.

The only negative is that the fine dust settles on my white bathroom counters after application, but is easily cleaned up. Right now Amazon has the best price on this product, costing $10 less than at beauty supply stores. I've also tried Caboki, which for me was of inferior quality, lasting power and had a funny rubber-like smell (Toppik has no scent whatsoever).
5943	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is a beautiful teal/blue. It a a subtle color that would work well with any skin tone.  It looks great by itself  or you can add a coat of Butter's Tart with a Heart for an extra sparkle.  I highly recommend this color


9656	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	<div id="video-block-R31GRMOZW5FWK7" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/A10eGqqDdPS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71ExSPakFBS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Love the product, love the color. Jane Iredale provides a good makeup. Added a short video showing color in tube and on my hand.
* The thin pencil makes nice, natural filler lines.  Its easy to draw them so they look real.  Other eyebrow pencils I have used are thicker, so the lines are not as natural looking.

4394	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Although this does work well on waterproof makeup, I would really only use it for that. I didn't like it for general makeup remover... it kind of made my eyes water and I have never run into that with other brands.
U have been using a bit of bright cream blush oddly enough, though you may find it unnecessary; you can still have a dimensional look.
1576	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	pretty and sparkly! Arrived on time too
To use, take one or two drops of the Thermale Beauty Cleanser and massage in in, I even used it on my eyes to remove mascara. It totally dissolved all make up and dirt! After you're done, add a few drops of water to your hands and massage it intot he oil on your skin. It emulsifies and gets creamy, the final step in removing the oil from your face. I suggest you wipe off with a washcloth and not too much water.
9102	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This flat iron is GREAT! I have bought it with a set of a mini flat iron and a comb and I have had it for over 2 years now. I have thick, coarse and dry hair and I am very cautious of styling and heating products I use on my hair since they get damaged VERY quick. After reading numerous reviews here on Amazon I decided to purchase this flat iron and I Love it!!! It does not burn my hair, leaves it silky and smooth!! Of course I still recommend to use a heat protecting spray beforehand but seriously I have never experienced a flat iron this good! I am able to straighten my long, big and thick hair a bit under 40 minutes and it stays for almost a week if I keep it :)
9258	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I didn't expect much more than a typical mask or peel....but this stuff is terrific. It doesn't have an Apple or juice (as in citrus) scent, but it's light and appealing. The texture is like a thin pudding that you apply by smearing a thin layer over what you need it. I was worried about irritation because it does contain lemon juice and the warning says some tingling may occur, and to test a small area before using. Ok, well, I didn't do that.
2869	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This was my first time with this product and it works way better than the new L'anza purple shampoo!!!  It really feels healing!  Will I order again?  Probably not because the purple shampoo to go with was such a disappointment.  My hair stylist wants me to scrimp and save so I can use Monat products on my hair.
96	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	More bubblegum pink than expected, but still a nice, bright mod pink. I received compliments from my coworkers, too.
3866	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works perfectly! I have this one and the bubble bath one and they work no doubt. This is clear and spreads smoothly - smoother than the bubble bath nail strengthener. I use this first and then apply a base coat. Within a week, I noticed a huge difference. My nails feel firmer and stronger. Definitely will recommend to everyone gals AND guys.
2880	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, love this color - not too dark and not too light - brings out my green sometimes blue eyes perfectly.
7627	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	While it is expensive, it's the only sunscreen I've used that feels more like moisturizer than sunscreen. Not greasy at all. Great for wearing under makeup. I'd been looking for a light face sunscreen for a while, and tried so many drugstore and department store brand. This one is definitely the best. I will say that you don't have to use a lot of it for full facial coverage, and the size has lasted me a while.
7479	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Chi hair products
Next, my "husband" take on it: it smells very good.
The toner...I'm still not sold on exactly what toner does. Close the pores? Restore pH balance? Anyway, this toner smells like medicine (think VapoRub) and I can't tell a difference when I use it or skip it.
4867	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE IT - takes the redness and flaws AWAY
3394	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very bright and super fun for summer.
6030	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the seaweed night cream.  Also, the other items that I use fro Mario Badescu.  Thank you for helping me and my husband look younger.  Ruth Taylor
UPDATE 2:  I bought a new bottle and continue to be happy with the product months later.
9219	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	After reading all the positive reviews, I was really excited to give this a try. Well, I'm sorry I did because the product didn't really work for me. It didn't shrink pimples or get rid of them. I get like 1 pimple a month and it didn't do anything to help. I would not buy this product again.
Ingredients
6179	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Enjoying this toner, half way through the bottle.
My spouse said, "It feels nice, non-greasy, and unobjectionable".
8228	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very pretty.
Some people apparently have burning or other irritation. Perhaps because I exfoliate daily, I did not encounter this.
4. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SMOOTH LIQUID CAMO MEDIUM COVER FOUNDATION (25 SPF):
This one surprised me, in a good way. It isn't greasy, it doesn't have a scent, either fruity or chemical, and it doesn't trigger my allergies.

WHAT IS THIS FOUNDATION LIKE?
1984	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color was a lot of fun. Very neon. I used about 3 coats and it is so nice

1337	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So I have tried this product before and have always loved it. I it bought from the Amazon site because I found it at a much cheaper price than I would normally buy it.

4648	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love everything in this kit and it does wonders for acne.
8068	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now. It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots. My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair. And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)! The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie. Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar. It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets. I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product! Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair. Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place. Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair. Instead of enhancing his look, Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place.


After a week of daily use, I do like this for getting the day's grime off and making my skin feel soft & moisturized. Again - mineral oil. I don't wear a full face of make up every day, but when I do, I want it cleaned off totally and this cream does accomplish that very well. However, I find the best way to fully rinse it off is to use it in the shower.
All in all, this is an effective treatment for bad break outs and to clear up minor blemishes quickly. It doesn't dry skin out but can leave a film. I think my younger daughter is quite happy though her skin feels a little greasy-she still likes the fact that this works pretty quickly. Over time, I think her face will be clear from using this product. Good stuff for blemishes and break-outs.
It is important to me to use high quality products because I believe that in the end good quality products will pay for themselves!  When I use quality products in the MB line, I am always happy with how my skin feels and this particular product is one of my favorites!  I usually buy mine directly from the Mario website since they run promotions where they send goodie bags of free samples.

I'm not sure I'd call it very thick. It seemed more sticky than thick to me. Very hard to massage into the skin. Seemed almost as if the components were not well mixed. I did not like it.
years and like them all.  Yes I'd buy this product again.
I was at first surprised at how small this bottle was.  I've used other eye repair complexes though and most have a similar amount of content.
7449	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the most awesome product I have ever used.  Have been using this product for over 20 years... Yes over 20 years. Gentle and great exfoliating.  Only need to use once or twice a week. Pevonia is the best facial products I have ever used.
After one week of using this product, I noticed my pores were definitely not as noticeable and my acne was greatly improving! I was still thinking there's no way this product is this great! I also noticed that my skin looked brighter and healthier as well.
This is an excellent product which has now become an official part of my evening skincare routine.
7524	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It feels good.
This clearing serum came just in time. Even at my age, I am occasionally prone to breakouts, so I wanted to try this product. But coincidentally Juice Beauty Blemish Clearing Serum arrived right at the worst break out I've had since I was a teenager (many many years ago - dang!). Stress, too much travel to too many different places, not taking my probiotic or vitamins regularly, eating poorly, not exercising as often as I usually do -- all these contributed to a bad complexion episode.

The Proraso white seems to have a thicker lather than the other varieties. It gives very good protection and nice skin feel after rinsing off. To me, it smells like tea tree oil. A somewhat sharp, almost citrus smell that is quite subdued and won't negatively interact with any other fragrance you wish to use as an aftershave. I have gotten the best performance with using this soap in conjunction with the Proraso Green pre-shave. I apply the pre-shave in a small quantity while the brush is soaking (just a few minutes), then lather the soap directly on top without rinsing. You may need to add a bit of water to the suds to get the right consistency as you go, but this stuff, when properly hydrated, is slick. All but the most aggressive shaving implements should work well with this stuff. I was able to do my first few straight razor shaves without cutting myself. With a safety razor and a good blade, the stubble comes off almost like magic. I was just able to perform my closest-ever shave with this tactic. Highly recommended.
4938	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Simply the best make-up I've ever used.  It feels good, looks great and provides SPF protection. It's great for my sensitive skin too. I can't say enough good things about it.

Looking for a natural glow! This is itbut imagine a much brighter color than the one pictured on your screen. But don't let this scare you as the color goes on more transparent and soft. Plus it feels nice on, creamy and soft.  Ohand if that isn't enough it does work great on your lips too, and I am always a big fan of less that does more and not having to carry more around with me.
515	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Dermablend Professional cover creme is great. It has a 30spf, it gives all day protection and all day hydration. It can be used as a foundation, imperfection cover up and a contour (you will need a light shade and a darker shade for contouring and highlighting), The most important thing about the creme is that it is a great concealer and it will last for 16 hours without smudging. This makes it easy to coverup tattoos, scars, blemishes, etc. You will need the Dermablend powder to set the foundation for it to conceal the best, otherwise, you may not get the results you want. This creme has been formulated to not look too heavy or cakey and to provide a flawless complexion.
7869	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's Okay.
6947	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this shampoo!  Makes my hair smell good and feel soft while being manageable (it is very thick and curly).  My order came quickly and was well packaged.  Good price.  I recommend this seller.
8610	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff, really improves your nails. Great smell. I use this at night every day.
9241	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Are you looking for a peel that will leave your skin nice and soft?  This may be the right peel for you.  I personally would rather go for a chemical peel over one that physically exoliates the skin.  I have a bit of rosacea and scrubbing can leave my skin red, but this leaves me skin feeling wonderfully refreshed and smooth.
9384	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	wonderful color
2447	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful!  I have medium to long hair and it dried it so fast!  It's described perfectly and I will order again if I need too.  The pros are fast heat or low heat even cool air if you need it.  It blows a lot of air so be prepared but it dries my hair super fast!!
3756	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I do not remember how many bottles I've bought already. Works like a charm
8457	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My eyes are starting to look less dark. The cream is a bit oiler than most products so not much is needed.
3598	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lotion works great at keeping me from having blackheads on my nose. I use it before I put on the Oil free moisturizer by Mario Badescu. Great product.
I'm also scent sensitive, but had no issues with the scent here.
949	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best blush out there and one small compact lasts forever.
9605	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a bit of a shave geek and have tried many of the balms on the market.  I love the Art of Shaving products, but the L'Occitane balm his head and shoulders above anything I've used.  It seems a bit expensive at first blush, but it only takes a dab to cover your face and neck.  It is very soothing to your skin after shaving at it smells GREAT.
I ordered rose water, cucumber water, glycolic toner and orange cleansing soap and 3 out of 4 bottles cake leaking. Horrible only the orange cleansing soap didn't leak because its ticker formula
Although it's described as an Alpha-Hydroxy Acid cream it won't leave you red with burned and peeling skin like a prescription one (i.e. Retin-A), so don't worry about that unless you have the most sensitive of skin. You should also wear a sunscreen in the daytime after you start using this cream because AHA creams leave the skin ultra-sensitive to sunlight and UV rays, and so your skin is more susceptible to getting burned (even when you'd normally tan).
I found that it absorbs well, and leaves the skin feeling softer and nicer. The tube is very small though (only 1.76 ounces), so you have to stay thrifty with it. Overall, if you can tolerate the hefty price tag and the small tube, this is a high-quality skin cream.
The skin around my eyes is so plump and healthy.  I also recently rubbed this on the heels of my feet after I walked barefoot in my yard one afternoon.  I did a foot soak, I gently rubbed my heels with a cloth, and then I put a bit of oil on each and rubbed them in.  It worked a mini miracle on my dragon scale feet.

7641	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Summer is here, which means I need to amp up my SPF. I use sunscreen on my face year-round (usually a moisturizer with SPF15) and right now I'm using Coola Cucumber Moisturizing Face Sunscreen in SPF 30.
Lathers bubbles and suds. Plentiful and rich.
Do give it at least a month for fabulous results.  In a month, as I'm typing this, I have a full set of hard, beautiful nails on both hands!  This is the first time in years!!!

My makeup did not set in the light coverage I strive for
9264	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I have used this type of product at home.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but I am satisfied so far.  The serum is easy to apply and goes on in a similar way as moisturizer.  A little bit seems to go a long way.  There is a mild odor to this product, but since it's rinsed off after 10 minutes, it isn't long enough to give me a headache.
5000	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have finally found a pencil that fills in my very, very blonde brows without making me look overdone. Just a quick, light touch with the pencil and I'm good for the day! No smearing, no mess, no fuss! I'm very impressed with the quality of this tiny pencil. The only caution for those of us with super light brows is to apply with a light hand.

7068	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Same fragrance as the shampoo and conditioner...but seriously works. You only need one or two drops max if your hair is fine. It does what it says. Just despise the smell!

2939	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	wonderful product
One thing that helps give a nice touch over the powders and such is the Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray. The powders are probably quite wonderful for an oily skin type, for example; they are nice for a youthful complexion; and I believe they are going to look quite radiant on a woman with less-noticeable pores, and without wrinkle issues along with age and skin texture combined.  In my case I am fine, and safest when I am well-rested.
Even though this is called "Detox Face Mask," it is very hydrating.
9115	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great basic as long as you don't have heavy makeup to remove.
406	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had never heard of this brand, but then I have always used drugstore foundations that run $10-$15.  For the last few months, I was using an Olay/CoverGirl one, since the store didn't have the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/COVERGIRL-Smoothers-AquaSmooth-Makeup-Foundation-Ivory-4-oz/dp/B00KTL2SAU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">COVERGIRL Smoothers AquaSmooth Makeup Foundation Ivory, .4 oz</a>&nbsp;I usually use.  I noticed, though, the sun seems to be adversely affecting my skin this summer more than usual, which I believe was caused by lack of sunscreen, or too little sunscreen, in the Olay/CoverGirl.  Hence, I thought now would be a good time to test out this Dermablend before getting some AquaSmooth.  It's called a "cover cream" and comes with a spatula, but I just applied it with a damp makeup sponge, as I always do foundation.  Well, guess what?  It goes on like a really smooth foundation, stays on, and looks natural.  I was truly surprised.  The color is perfect for me, too.  It does feel slightly sticky on my face after being out in a scorching sun for a while, but it still looks good and obviously hasn't melted off.  I'm going to hopefully happily keep using it for the rest of the summer, and will update this review at the end of the season.
4777	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
7504	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I sure need this! I have age spots galore on my hands and running up my arms. I am over sixty, so I expected to have some, but not this many. This is probably because I am fair skinned and have lived in Florida all my life. I have had skin cancers removed from different parts of my body - arms, legs, nose. Thankfully, they were all caught early and other than one big scar on one arm, most people would never know that I have that type of damage from the sun. I noticed that there are some pretty pricey ingredients that are in expensive skin care lotions, creams and serums....like squalene. Even with the oils and other ingredients, it doesn't feel greasy. It also has a nice scent. Because of the niacin that is in the formula, you may get a blush but it is temporary and will go away.
My first experience with Baxters was through Amazon Vine almost a year ago. I've been buying them since.
If you use this, you do not need a separate makeup remover. Recommended!
7289	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would say this product is the best for summer wear.. it really holds back the oily skin feel you can get when its hot. I really like this as well as her liquid bases.  I wear maybelinne 24hr super stay and LOVE that too - it really has the staying power but can feel heavier.
Weird loading. Although the action of the cap is smooth, it's weird to "pop off" the top. My last razor had the "butterfly" open, which feels much more solid, with much less possibility for injury. Look up a video before you do this with a real blade.
5953	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this brand of polish because of the healthier ingredients. I also bought the base and top coats by Butter London ($29.99 for both) and followed exact instructions. I used a base coat, 2 coats of polish and top coat. Less than 24 hours later, it's chipped dramatically all over. Unfortunately, I can't return these products because of Amazon's return policy of hazardous materials i.e. nail polish.


Lillium was one I tried that was a total fail on my coloring. It's definitely for fairer ladies.
But if you still have hair, give it a go! Buy two shades and use them together!
I really enjoy the scent of this product and how soft and silky my skin feels after using it. I can use it twice a day without any negative skin issues or sensitivity. I've also put my product into one of my glass pump bottles because I prefer to have it dispensed that way. This cleanser works well with my hands or a bamboo washcloth and it rinses clean (no residue left). Highly recommended!
Methylparaben
Wow again.  I hadnt understood at first how I can use this, as one of the colors I own is a darker bronze; and while I hadnt yet noticed the medium (my shade).  I mistakenly applied some of the dark under my cheekbones to see a defined look which actually worked for me, yet thick as I applied it - and silly me! I am thinking that since this product says body in the title it is going to be nice for use on varicose veins and other body imperfections like a permanent rash I have. Double win with this product results!
5486	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My husband gives this shaving foam high marks but in all fairness, it's costly. Worth the investment for sensitive skin and men prone to ingrown whiskers.

2673	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I needed something for my toddler daughter for special occasion and I've always been a fan of Pink Sugar in my younger years. Now that I'm older (almost 40) my taste have matured. I use this whenever we go to church etc and the fragrance last a very long time. I don't spray it directly on my skin but on her clothing before she puts in on and everyone says how sweet she looks and smells. The price is really good compared to what you pay at Sephora and I've read reviews stating that this is fake. I got mine directly from Amazon and it does have a little lighter scent that what I knew before but it still lasts a long time. I'm thinking the manufacturer might just be making it differently. I still recommend this for the teens and young adults in your life. For the older crowd you might consider getting Prada Candy, it's a bit pricey but totally worth it.
1010	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been afraid to branch out of my neutrals but this color is definitely a winner. And the lipstick itself is moisturizing. I definitely recommend this one.
4936	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered honey bronze and got this color,called and did not receive good help. I went back to order really watching what I was doing and every time I put in honey bronze  it went back to golden glow, so I went to ebay  you should check that site.
I don't recommend this color. "Gone Gonzo" and "Gettin' Miss Piggy With It" would be better options from the Muppets collection. There are far better greens available from OPI.
771	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this for my son and he is very happy with it.  It was less expensive than the department strores on Black Friday , but now I see the price is the same.

The cream is very thick- almost too thick- and a little goes a long way. There is no scent- very little if any.
7902	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It always works for me
I will continue to use this product.
A little tap on a q-tip around the inner and outer workings and your scissors is new again.
It has a very strong, distinctive smell which I personally did not prefer for my face.  It lingers because the serum is an oil base, so you still get whiffs of the smell long after you've applied it.
6775	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this as a gift for my best friend, she specifically asked for this! She LOVES IT, and she will continue buying this product because she is extremely pleased with it.

7615	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it! Helps with oily skin and it smells like cinnamon.


We use them both on fingernails and toenails and they work great for both.
9999	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.
Ingredients: Polysorbutene, octyldodecyl stearoyl stearate, simmondsia chinensis (jojoba) seed oil, beeswax/cera alba/cire dabeille, butyrospermum parkii (shea) butter, ricinus communis (castor) seed oil, ethylhexyl methoxycinnamate, ethylhexyl palmate, tocopheryl acetate, tribehenin palmitoyl oligopeptide, hydrogenated soybean oil, ozokerite, trihydroxysterin, sorbitan isostearate, triacetin, phenoxythenol, flavor (aroma) may contain (+/-): mica, titanium dioxide (CI 77891), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499, CI 77499), red 7 lake (CI 15850), red 30 lake (CI 73360), red 6 (CI 15850), yellow 5 lake (CI 19140)
I break out occasionally and use acne products that contain Benzoyl Peroxide, which my skin can handle most of the time, but every now and then the medicine will cause me to get extremely dry patches of skin and the BAXTER OF CALIF OIL FREE didn't help in those areas.
106	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's a beautiful color.
209	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love anything OPI and this was definitely up to par!!
9428	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	a little dry
I purchased Zoya Nail Polish after perusing their large color selection. Their colors really are great - beautiful pigmentation, wide variety of colors, unique colors, etc.

3651	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	While I like the application system (the mousse is a nice change of pace), I'm not certain this is any more effective than brands that are a literal fraction of the cost. So while there are elements that I like, the cost is really hard to justified for the overall results. And, do pay close attention to the word "intense." It goes on pretty dark so if you have porcelain skin (like I do), you either need to be uber conservative with the application, elect/desire to appear odd, or select a less "deep" tanner.
5891	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	beautiful color
Since I have oily, sensitive skin, I have just one demand of a healthy/beauty product - please don't mess up my skin and cause a reaction of some kind. So far, Baxter hasn't let me down.
7207	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was recommended Jane Iredale products from my dermatologist. She does not sell it, but she knew my skin is very sensitive. Great product!

8394	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this after my shower and before a light lotion on my face before I put on makeup. It's quick to use and leaves my skin feeling fresh and clean. Love it and would recommend to anyone.
1990	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color is a beautiful dark pink berry color, not a dark color but for pinks, considered dark. The formula is great and super easy to work with and very shiny. I can decide if this polish is a creme or jelly so ill go with crelly.
3218	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best shave cream of ever used the richest you'll find I've tried the mall I've tried everything so far right now this is the best one I pay twice the money and it's still not as good as this one

3895	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Doesn't work very well!
1615	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT!!! I will use this seller again.
1235	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	it covers gray hair perfectly
In other words wet shaving is all about experience and atleast me personally having a huge number of products in my den , it's always a pleasure when you line up such tools to use for a shave for the first time , and one that ends up on top of your shaving experience. Hence since I am lucky with this first try , if I ever want to shave with the Proraso green cream again, if I use all these matching products another time , I am guaranteed an amazing shave.
5656	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Toppick is easy to apply and covers the thinning spots on my scalp.  It looks natural, and people comment that my hair looks thicker.
3856	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Does what it's supposed to do! It takes a lot more than the drops recommended in the directions but it is still worth it.

3749	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have sensitive skin so it's not easy to find something I can wear all day long without a problem. I had high hopes after reading so many positive reviews on this product. The texture and easy of use was ok and I like that it truly did not have any scent (unlike so many others that say it do not but do) and did not leave my skin greasy or too white. However, this sunscreen not only sting my eyes(I avoided near the eyes) but also irritated my skin. I got bumps all across my facial skin both times I was wearing this sunscreen. I might use this for special occasion like on the beach, but can't use this as a daily sunscreen as it's apparently too harsh on my skin.

8464	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a fan of creamy cleansers over foaming cleansers and this one by Mario Badescu is great.  I have dry, acne-prone, sensitive skin and this worked perfectly with my skin type.  It creates a nice creamy lather and gets skin very clean, but without stripping moisture or leaving a residue behind.  I still slightly prefer my current cleanser (Glamglow Thirsty Cleanse) to this because I like the scent better, but this is still a very effective cleanser.

I urge every potential buyer to read ALL reviews before purchasing this product. Although some people used this with good results, the manufacturer does not seem like it cares or is customer friendly or even willing to help those people who had legitimate customer service issues.
6588	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is amazing. There's no other word for it. I purchased this because my skin has been completely going off the rails lately and my chin has been breaking out yet has been extremely dry, flaky, and has been peeling and irritated, almost like its chapped. It's been quite painful and I've used every oil, every moisturizer with healing/calming benefits I can get my hands on and nothing has worked to moisturize and calm my skin until this.
9398	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color it's a metallic and it's just the right color I was looking for
7762	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is one of the best creams for keeping your skin bright and moist without being greasy.  I use it every day.
2478	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this system for the past 5 years and have perfect results.  It took initially about 8 weeks before I truly noticed a difference.  Since then... EVERY time I go to the dentist I am always complimented on the whiteness of my teeth, as well as by strangers and others.  I do really like this product.  NOTE:  Your teeth can become sensitive to the "whitener" after a long period of use - just stop using for a couple weeks and your teeth will be normal again.  The toothpaste works great.  As with any new item, give it at least 90 days before you make your decision about the "whitening" effect.
4795	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Whoa!  I love it!  Nicely invorgorating!  Very cleansing.  Scalp and hair feels great after using this.  I follow it with Philip B.'s light
9378	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Slightly more orangey than in the picture, but bright an  pretty nonetheless.
5747	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This pomade is very light - won't make your hair feel stiff - with a great texture and aroma.  You almost can't tell you are using product in your hair.  It is a good choice if you want a soft style for your hair, not so great if you want a very firm and textured look.

8082	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I always re-order this product. My previous reviews no longer exist because the reseller is gone so I am going to c&p my original review.
9604	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product..

6322	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product
1411	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried many kind of tooth paste and I really like this one. Not only because it's made in Italy but because of the interesting flavor.  If you like the scent of jasmine you'll love this paste. The mint flavor is a sweet mint which is a nice change and doesn't overpower the jasmine. The consistency is a little thicker but still smooth.
7277	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If you buy this product in an authentic form from a reputable seller then it will be a dream come true.  I have been using this foundation for about a year and would not consider switching to anything else.  Along with my Tarte airbrush brush, it creates almost flawless base.  I have slight melasma and it covers most of the discoloration.  It never cakes (if applied with the tarte brush) and it is pretty good at controlling oil production.  My one suggestion is to go into a store that sells this product to get color matched because their color palette is off.  I am using a color called Golden Glow and I am pretty white yet it somehow matched my undertones perfectly.  Also keep in mind that this foundation goes fast so be prepared to replace it every two months or so if used daily.
The ingredients include age-defying peptides, DMAE, alpha lipoic acid, fat-soluble and CoQ10. Like those free radicals, I don't really understand all of them, but I do know this serum has a very pleasing, yet understated aroma. It blends into the skin smoothly, and once there it is undetectable. It feels good, too. Only time will tell if it's a fountain of youth in a bottle, but for now I give it high marks.
Or else it just needs this.

6199	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Use it daily.  Light sunscreen feel but high spf1
4772	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT STUFF!!

1459	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Looks yellow on my nails. I do love other zoya nailpolishes except this
3486	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wife will only use OPI Nail Lacquer
UPDATE: After using entire bottle ... the scent became too much for me. Will not purchase again
352	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got this for my wife to try out, and she said it is an excellent cover cream. Easy to use, covers well, and lasts long. The only issue is that getting a skin color match; the coloring is strong, so you have to make sure it will match your tone.
2436	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love the ceramic hair dryer.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars, it is heavy.  It doesn't bother me though but may some.
2331	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have serious dry skin during the winter --- to the point of eczema. So of course when I saw a facial moisturizer up on Amazon Vine I HAD to snatch it up!
5037	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Vincent Longo Water Canvas Base is a product that is touted to ensure that makeup goes on smoothly, will protect skin with moisture, and reduce the appearance of fine lines.
I can't say if it helps with hair fall, because I haven't been using it long enougn.


5446	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used this after I shaved and it felt very good.  It goes on light, and non greasy.  It doesn't have any scent to me, and felt like I was applying a delicate face wash.  I don't have a lot of facial hair, but I occasionally break out when I shave.  This hasn't caused any break outs after using it, and my skin felt smooth where it was applied.  It only takes a tiny bit to cover a decent amount of area so this bottle should last.  I liked this product, and would continue using it.
8150	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Made lips burn. Yipes! Usually Korres is more gentle!
1783	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful neutral color.
5757	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff! It looks incredibly flattering with just about anything, giving my skin a nice warmth without looking like I ate a sloppy Joe. It lasts quite long if you put a nice coat on, and does not migrate to the edges as other balms and glosses can do. It is not at all sticky, either. It has a nice sheen, not too greasy, more satiny. It has a mild natural fruity flavor.
6246	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought this for a gift but let my husband--a manly man--sniff some of these!  He asked to bathe with one of them--and did so!  So much for the gift--we purchased another.  This is quality product and our visiting houseguests love it.  This set is a wonderful way to test many of the oils.  If you're purchasing this for a gift, save yourself some time and just buy 2!
5710	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My stylist told me about Toppik when she noticed how thin my hair was getting to be.  She purchased the 0.36oz/10.3g for me from the local beauty supply.  Even with her discount it was almost $25.  But I really liked how Toppik camouflages my thin spots.  Only a couple of people have noticed that there is something different with my hair.  Only one person realized what the difference was, and only because she'd also used Toppik.
7884	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
1381	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been thinking about doing a hair transplant to fill in those thinkin spots but a friend recommended toppik and i am totally satisfied and highly recommend it.
9984	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like the smell and like most soaps it does not stick around. Its a larger amount than I expected. Ive been wet shaving for about two years and still find myself experimenting with different soaps. They last a long time so its not like you have a lot of them. This one is very pleasant, very nice shave, lathers easily (I have heard water but on a hardness scale of 1-5 its a 2-1/2) and Im looking forward to keeping it in my rotation. I have a tough beard that grows in many directions and I would definitely recommend this soap.
645	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all of Jane Iredale's products. This is a light powder that provides great coverage while also being good for your skin. Worth the price and a little goes a long way.
After using it for less than two weeks I can see a difference and am ordering more so I never run out.

to complete the cycle, I want to buy the eye serum- but $40- ouch. But, it also is pretty nice sized, so it would last a while. Since I have not used it, I cannot comment one way or the other, but based on the other jack black products, I would venture that this one is quality as well.
5639	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	been using this product for years
475	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is by far the best foundation I have ever used. The coverage is something that you get from a high end foundation and I can honestly compare the coverage to Kat Von D's Tattoo Coverage Foundation. A few swipes with a large brush and you have the best coverage. It blends with your other makeup for a flawless finish that lasts through what you put it through. I sweat a lot with it being summer and this stuff doesn't clog my pores but stays in place and gives me full coverage all day. I love this foundation and will continue to use it. It works so great but doesn't cost as much as the other stuff which is great. Love it so much.
2531	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Makes skin soft and smells great.
9922	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Proraso shave cream with great success.  I purchased this "Soap in the Bowl" to support a recent vacation as I did not want to travel with my ceramic bowl.  This product provided a very comparable lather and since it was the same ingredients as the cream in the tube, I did not experience any break-outs as a result.  This is a must have for travel or for anyone not wanting to mess with the separates.
In terms of negatives- the price is high.  Also, the paint they use on the tube logo isn't of high quality.  Ive found that it flakes off onto your hands and clothes when you get close to the end.
3. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SET + REFRESH LONG-LASTING MAKE-UP SETTING SPRAY (NO SPF):
Now, it's difficult to make a good review by using it just one day but I had to tell someone that my skin certainly does feel better.  But, I am going to use up this bottle and if my skin still feels moisturized and itch-free, I'll stand by this review.  If not, I'm going to come back and tell you it's not as fantastic as I thought.  But right now I am going to go back and see what other products are made by BADESCU as this was my first experience with one of their products and I am impressed.  I won't be surprised if I never have to come back and tell you anything other than what I said above....it worked today and I am happy.

This is marketed to men but I like the male scented products, too. It is a fine body gel for showering and a little goes a long way. I wouldn't use it on my hair--but I am a woman. I know men who use an all-in-one product and their hair being short--or not there any longer--doesn't mind a non-specialized product.


7242	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works as described.
5051	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	On the one hand, this product doesn't burn or cause skin irritation. On the other hand, it doesn't do anything at all.
2001	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite Essie polish in the orange family.  It is perfect for fingers and toes in the summer.  Stays on well too.
5559	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It fills in nicely


3715	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As we enter allergy season (so early this year!), my skin becomes hypersensitive, and I can't use a lot of the products that work well and that I tolerate well at other times of year.  Discovering this cleanser, which works very well and does NOT aggravate allergies/sensitivities, has been a real boon.  I highlyrecommend this product.


This is simply the best designed (the two piece approach is a thing of beauty) and executed razor for the money.
I do feel like this product is an asset, and I am glad someone thought of it.  You might find it sticky, but after awhile it is more matte.  This also depends of course upon what type of conditioner we use.  Mime is not oily.  A more creamy or oily moisturizer will change the stickiness most likely quite a bit to more creamy.
Of course the Zoya stuff showed up the next day.  So I stripped the "Sarah" manicure off my right hand and used the Zoya Anchor base coat, 2 coats of Sarah, and the Armor top coat.  This has lasted 4 days so far (no wear).  I'm really impressed with the longevity of this nail polish.  I used to be an all-OPI girl, but when their stuff started chipping within a day I decided it was time to look elsewhere.  Zoya is now my top stop for new nail polishes.  Just wish they'd either ship faster, or that Ulta would stock 100% of their products!
2916	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Woah I love this soap, smells great and feels great.
3241	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've never had much luck with whitening tooth paste, but this product definitely exceeded my expectations. After a week or so of using it I started getting compliments about how white my teeth were. Also, the mint flavor was really nice!


4405	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Wearing glasses and wanting your eyes to pop I need to use eye shadow and mascara. Having sensitive eyes and removing that eyeshadow and mascara is another subject.several of the other eye make up remover left a residue that made my eyes sting.
9029	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a great curling iron, but it gets blazing hot! Be careful! Be sure you know how to use it and pay attention! I'm happy with it!
2. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL TRANSLUCENT LOOSE SETTING POWDER (NO SPF):

A little goes  along way of this stuff.  It is thick and creamy and a delightful green color.  The cream smears around on the skin nicely and when adding a little bit of water to it, it does foam up some, but is not really sudsy like some soaps can be.  It does make skin soft at first, but then I feel as if the skin is too stripped.  The time that I am testing this in is a time of humidity and more oiliness and this cleanser is stripping my skin already- in winter, I am thinking it will be way too much for me to use.  I have normal to dry skin.
574	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really tried to match my skin tone with the swatch but it ended up not even close. Color aside the coverage is excellent. I have a deep boxcar acne scar on my back. It is very different in color from my normal skin tone. This product completely flattened out the discoloration. If it had been a good color match, this would have met my needs 100%.
2458	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really have to giggle at the claim that this dries hair from the inside out.  How can it do that?  And the current product dimensions says 2.6 ounces.  That is an error.  It weighs over 2 pounds.
2630	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this fragrance. It's relatively muted and I feel that it leaves a rich aroma. Kind of interesting that some reviews comment on the longevity of the product. Understand that this product is a Eau de Toilette. Eau de Toilette sprays are 5-15% and last typically for about 3 hours. A perfume is 15-20% and can last for 5-8 hours, so know what you're buying and how long you want your fragrance to last.

1305	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product, works well, covers any thin areas and you can't even notice it - just really wonderful, and this colour is great for dark hair.
5168	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My acne has MOSTLY been cured but sometimes, ughhh.  As an adult - does this ever end?  This is a nice-to-have overnight treatment.
639	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use many of the jane irradale products but this one is my favorite.i wear it ove my smooth affair and it gives great coverage and a silly finish . I have dry skin and I'm 50 so I will spritz with a rose water  for a nice finis that stays all day .....
6479	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product!
5703	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The product was as I expected.  I have used this product for sometime now, and am please with the results I get.
7080	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A small bottle, but a little goes a long way and I feel like my hair has been growing fast and thicker since using this product.
2930	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can't beat this stuff. It is a combo of shave items rolled into a nice pump. Pump makes dispensing super easy. It makes the razor glide better, and gives a nice shave. It is a good size bottle and will last quite a while.
2284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used it for years..always got it through a plastic surgeons office at $80..you can't find this at most any department store. I went without it for 3 mons and my eye area went downhill. I am back to stay. Ladies ( and men too)  this is the best eye cream I have even found and I use only the best products and it's top on my list. Puffiness and dark circles ( which my dark circles are minimum) stay under control. It lasts a long time as it only takes a tiny bit for the whole eye area.
lemon
2714	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use twice a day and it's just right for me ... Goes on nice under my bb cream too. I would recommend this product . I have dry skin and I'm 50
1988	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This was part of a nail polish gift package for my sister and she loved it. Great color! Excellent service too--very fast shipping and appropriate packaging.
How I use it: overnight as a spot treatment, it works best if you rub/work it in well, it needs to really have contact with the pimple from all angles. I have used it over larger areas with a thinner layer sometimes if I have a bunch of tiny pimples or bumps. This usually shows improvement overnight but may take a few nights. This product is best used consistently. I have personally seen it dissolve small whiteheads (pus filled pimples) completely with one or two applications, which is amazing to me. It can be drying, if you keep applying in the same spot day after day.
- Non-greasy as other lip balms tend to be.
92	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty color!

9369	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This serum comes in a glass bottle, and has an 'eyedropper' dispenser, the design is very nice, and works well for getting small amounts of the product without waste.

* Hydrating Matte Finish
5020	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Walking around on hot sand for hours hasn't been the best thing for my feet  and neither has cold, dry winters done much for them. All the pedicures and footpaths over the years cannot fix dry, cracked feet and ankles, but this stuff can. While this is a somewhat pricey product, it is nothing short of amazing. It has eliminated cracked heels, itching, dry skin. I used it once and the change was noticeable almost immediately.
5126	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have curly, frizzy hair. Chi Silk Infusion straightens it and makes it look great. You only need about the size of a quarter (I have short hair).
514	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	(WARNING- In depth review.  If you prefer a brief summary, please see section marked THE BOTTOM LINE)
9480	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Cassis Noir candle is truly a near-black color.  The "flammable" warning is pretty funny, considering this is a candle!  I think that was the point, though.  The smell is quite strong, but pleasant.  It would be good for a "mood" smell.  It isn't quite describable, but I like it.  The packaging was entertaining, and I hope this company does well with its entertaining, long-lasting, pleasant-smelling candles.
2235	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using a prescription-strength Retin-A cream for about eight years, and generally have pretty good skin.  At the age of 42, though, I've been plagued by acne outbreaks that have been leaving deep red marks on my face that don't easily fade.  After doing some research, I had heard that Glycolic Acid peels can help fade acne scars, so I ordered this one based on the positive reviews -- and it really is fantastic!


1949	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have had nothing but problems with this polish. It's streaky no matter how many coats or how much Seche top coat I use. It's super pretty and makes me sad that the formula is so crappy.
It opens with honey-drenched white florals. Morphs into a rose, just a bit soapy, eventually a bit powdery. Takes a long time to dry down. Pleasant & wearable for me ... in about 2 hours.
643	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best foundation I have found on the market. I have used it for years and always get compliments on my beautiful skin...it's my Jane Iredale. Great price and fast shipping.
2065	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This nailpolish has a little shimmer to it.  I love this nailpolish.  I've worn it several times since I've purchased it.
CONTAINER
3874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Before using my nails were peeling. I started using, it helped my nails quite a bit. No more peeling, crumbling nails. I also started taking Magnesium Citrate, I think they both helped my nails. I believe I got a fake bottle of OPI which started the problem. I am back to buy this product. I highly recommend!
4208	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	PCA products are great.

2465	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
9019	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Great brand but the clamp crimped my hair so badly I returned it and ended up buying another one without it.


Spray (1.7 fl. oz)
5801	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love all the Korres line, but this lip butter is THE BEST especially in the winter. It keeps my lips hydrated, plus it gives you a little bit of color so you don't have to use lipstick on those cold days. I've been purchasing this lip balm for years and Mango is my favorite, I have an olive complexion and the mango flavor shows up coral. It has a very luxurious feel to it. Will always continue to repurchase
5050	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use these babies about 24 hours after shaving and I've never had unsightly ingrown hairs OR pimples again. What ever moisture is left over from wiping my shaved areas I I use on any pimples and voila, clear skin everywhere.
7378	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I do not have any other Vincent Longo products, I got this just to use under my normal makeup.  It works as a very light moisturizing base, I did notice a difference that my powder went on smoother than normal (I don't use foundation).  The one drawback of this is that I have somewhat dry skin so if I use only this, it isn't enough of a moisturizer.  I have found that if I alternate my regular moisturizer and this that is works perfectly.  I have also used it over my regular moisturizer and it works well like that also.
However, this particular scent is too heavy for me, so I never actually want to use this soap.

2856	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the way it makes your skin look, which is natural and not caked on!

2537	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this line and I have tried many of Jack Blacks products and all are very high in quality. Also they are always go a long way. This is a thin summery moisturizer that spreads out really good and its great for after sun treatment.
Sorry for those who don't really wet shave , we wet shavers always post our Shaves in exact details listed above to share with others with the same interest. When do we do this? We do this after an amazing shave , mostly when using a product for the first time. This allows others in our community to try and match as much as they can their Shaves to the ones we performed.
5313	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Nia24 products
  When the Amazon Vine Program offered me the Mario Badescu Seaweed Cleansing Soap, I jumped at the opportunity to try it.  It has noticeably improved the feel and texture of my skin.  I have returned to shaving every day and to washing my face twice a day, once in the morning and once at night before going to bed.  In fact, I feel confident that I could wash it more often as needed.  I squeeze a tiny smear of the greenish, speckled cream onto the palm of my left hand and use my right fingers to smear it onto my face.  I gently rub it into my skin.  The seaweed cleansing soap has a pleasant smell that is barely noticeable.  It is not strong and abrasive like liquid aftershave.
2850	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good under-eye coverage!
Best of all, I found it to be very soothing, almost like a thick water, but not slippery like glycerin. The consistency is just perfect for this kind of product, and it is enjoyable to use. I like it so much I'm planning to buy a second one to keep in my dopp kit for travel. I think it would be great at the end of the day for sun and wind burn. I'm careful about what takes up space in that kit, but this one earned it.
A WORD ABOUT SUNSCREEN (CAUTION)
8252	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
Like I said, it took a bit to get the application down just right.  This should not discourage you, you just need a little practice. I wash my hair, blow dry it and apply the Toppik, using a hand mirror to see the back.  I use the Toppik until I get good coverage, brush it and then use a light spray of Tresseme hairspray.  It kind of seals it on the hair and keeps everything in place, but it is not stiff.  Most days this is just a minute or so.  You don't need to blowdry if you just let your hair dry naturally, but don't use the Toppik on wet hair.  I think that it would clump.  Also the blow dryer give the hair a bit of volume which helps.
5838	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just fabulous as are all  the Butter London Products I have purchased. Great base for polish and very interesting if you just want a sheer,clear coat.

The handle is thinner than my Merkur 37c Slant Bar, but for me it seems just as comfortable. The finish on the components appears to be flawless (unfortunately with chrome plating that is no guarantee of corrosion resistance, but we'll see).
4768	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Grear will buy again
This cream is so wonderful for my skin that I cannot recommend it highly enough.  I have fair skin that I have kept out of the sun...I will burn immediately so I must use a mineral SPF during the day on face, ears, neck, hands, and arms.  Still, my skin gets dry and I have sensitive skin.  I cannot wear many creams because the essential oils are too varied and burn me...that said, this is why I love this cream so much!  It is completely comforting and contains nothing to inflame skin, burn, or make it red.  No fragrance.  Extremely moisturizing yet goes on like silk.  No greasy barrier feeling.  I wake up and the moisture is still there.  Doesn't rub off.  This product is so safe that my cats will eat this cream!
7614	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	and there is no ingredient listing that I can see. Also there was a little wiping off the print on the bottle.
3301	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My husband really enjoys the smell, very sweet smelling. Doesn't make my hair look greasy, which is great! I do have to apply it more than once a day though.
After trying for a week, I didn't notice much difference.  Just a few notes about some ingredients, many of which can be found in most face moisturizers.
One of the colors of the butters I didn't like that much against my skin, so, I decided because I loved the bottle so much (this is awful don't judge me) I poured out the color (I knew I would never use a color that didn't match my skin, and couldn't find someone else who wanted it either) and poured one of my OPI's into the empty butter bottle.
4331	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a woman and chose this for myself since I cannot resist a lip balm. I liked it right away for the non-waxy feel and the great lime scent.

2418	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I got a sample of this stuff with an order of Derby Extra blades.  I normally use Art of Shaving pre-shave oil along with AOS shaving cream or Proraso Cream.  The Billy Jealousy, by itself, does a nice job of lubricating your skin and providing comfort while shaving while providing a close shave.  My face, however, feels better with my regular battery of shaving paraphernalia.  Even after putting on my normal after shave balm, my skin felt a bit dry with the Billy Jealousy.  That being said, I'm going to order a bottle for travel and for those times I need to shave again in the evening.  It's really hassle-free to use and requires no brush and very little prep.
4265	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite product for a quick makeup look. It's able to be layered, so I use two layers of this and a setting powder and I'm good to go for the entire day.
4075	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Cleans softly, doesn't leave a residue. This is good stuff, would be a great part of any beauty routine.
6161	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After using another sunblock for a week at the beach that made me break out like crazy, I figured this was worth a try. I LOVE it. I don't usually wear it daily but totally could. Creamy but light and not oily, goes on nice, doesn't break me out, and also I didn't get burned all week when I used this! I am very very happy with this and feel it's worth the price.
9568	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	That's how I describe this scent. It's more along this brand's line of "Obsession" rather than the CK product line (more fresh and clean smelling). The top note of Euphoria is definitely sweet (as in the sweetness of myrrh rather than floral) that tones down considerably to a warm, smoky, spicy scent. My husband ordinarily likes more green based fragrances like vetiver but this modern, sexy, and sophisticated scent has won him over. The silage is good, it lasts well on him but this seems to be the case with most colognes. The sweetness might be the only aspect of this cologne that might put someone off but it does disappear after about 20 min and it has settled down and mixed with his body chemistry.
7005	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Gentle, yet seems to be effective. I wish the scent was more lemony, but, it has a bit of a muted lemon tone. I like the face wash best.
693	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Ok...so I know this shampoo is geared towards men, but I decided to try it myself anyway. I love the smell of this shampoo, a nice minty smell and makes your scalp tingle a little bit too when applied. I have long fine hair and this shampoo is a little bit on the heavy side for my hair type. It does tend to weight it down. Almost feels like a residue left in my hair even after it is dry. It leaves my hair feeling soft and smooth though. Overall I like this shampoo and think it would be much better for people with shorter hair.
4152	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	At first when I put this on my daughter I hated it, but once it was on, I couldn't stop sniffing her! It's a light smell but the lotion is very runny. It's runnier than the previous 2 brands I've purchased for her.
7450	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product and I use this everyday!  Pevonia has a lot of talented folks who come up with the perfect blend that suits everyone!  Thanks and keep making this stuffs!  Love it.
6335	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	At first I was surprised by how watery this product was- I was expecting a thick oil
9488	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Now I've heard everything. I know caffeine helps perk me up but never knew it helps to perk up the eyes too.  The list of ingredients are as follows:

2376	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff. Been using it for years.
1130	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I love PCA Skin.  But I have mild breakouts, more black heads and white heads and sometimes a random big zit.  I thought this would clear up my mild break outs.  Honestly I don't use it that often and my face is pretty dry.  I have oily skin but this is drying me out.  I have backed off and stopped using it. With drying out my skin am having more of a breakout more often.  So unless you have pretty bad break outs I don't recommend this.  I also use the pigmentation bar. I love this.  And I'm sticking to this one for sure.  That one helps keep my break outs at bay I think.

3859	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Yes, it works in base, colored  and top coats when they need to be thinned.
9545	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would give this more stars if I could. This is the best skin care product I have ever used. A little goes a long way and if you use too much, it will sit on your face forever. However, you can see the Vit E oil in the cream. I also use it as a cuticle cream and at night before I go to bed, I put some on my hands and they feel so soft is the morning.
5738	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm an African American male with thinning hair on the sides as well as top due to over processing my hair as a youth. It makes it difficult to get a nice even haircut and I can't where the low to bald styles since I have acne keloiditis around the rear hairline which causes hair loss and unattractive keloids. It's so embarrassing that I don't even like for people to stand behind me on the elevator. One day I discovered Toppik and although no one in the videos had my type of hair I thought what the hell, it's worth a try.
9857	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great lip moisturizer and exfoliator!  Love this product!  Wear daily with gloss or under lipstick!  Use nightly as well!
9028	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've never had a product that claimed to make my hair thicker actually work. Well, I guess some of them did, but only because they felt yucky and you couldn't even run your fingers through your hair if you wanted to because they coated your hair with so much crap. I can't say this doesn't have any residue whatsoever, but it is so minimal that I will absolutely use it again. I am a 'no pooer' (google it) so I was worried that it would leave flakeyness or build up, but it rinsed right out. Sometimes a girl just wants to put product in her hair even if she's not supposed to! As an added bonus, this brand has way less nasties and poisons than most others out there.
9338	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was searching for a product that would help control the frizz of my naturally curly hair as well as protect from blow-drying.  My hair dresser recommended Moroccan Oil and I love it!  It truly works!  The best part is that you don't have to use a lot per application, so it lasts a long time.
I love this mask.  First of all, it is a warm clay color (think 50% terracotta and 50% rose) so when I applied it, I didn't look like a pale white or GREEN faced monster!
9649	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my everyday go-to lipstick, and I hope they never discontinue it (as they did my beloved Carmen lipstick last year). The Venice color is just dark enough to make my lips look "finished," the color lasts reasonably well, and there's no dryness or stickiness, and no unpleasant flavor. I also find the tube lasts for several months, even with multiple applications everyday. I don't notice any plumping action, but that's not why I wear lipstick. I keep trying/buying other brands of lipstick, but just come back to this one.
One last note, I love the Juice Beauty doesn't test on animals.

5465	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have really sensitive lips and a lot of products will make them dry out or flake easily. These are a lot of lip scrubs and b I've tried all the ones in Sephora! This one is AMAZING. really exfoliates and doesn't dry out or give a bad reaction.  I still always moisturize after.
9496	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!

When I cook a ton, I rather walk out of the kitchen to use this soap than the dishwasher fluid, because I know this one will not leave my hands red or itchy after multiple washes.  I love that it's a simple formula that is free of much of the synthetic extras used on the lower end soaps I'd used in the past.
2781	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great smell
 It applies smoothly and evenly. (Note: it doesn't come with a brush, so use a nice, big fluffy blush-brush of your own for best results.) The color also stays true throughout the day, and doesn't morph into something different than what you first applied.
7917	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	wish it was cheaper. Works real well. Save yourself time and money and buy this one. I tried using all the ones they sell on amazon and ended up returning them.

It comes in great packaging but I couldn't tell which side was up or down so I opened it upside down but luckily nothing spilled out. Maybe because there isn't a lot of product in there?  We'll see how long this lasts but so far I really love the applicator.  The pen itself is designed beautifully and the ink glides on better than any other liner I've used.  The biggest benefit is that there is NO irritation to my eyes.  It stays on really nice and I didn't have to reapply all day.
4587	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just one pump, blow dry and it's a straight and glossy head!  Highly recommend this product to beat summer frizzies
3681	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	After trying Baxter of California's shampoo, I was a bit leery of what the conditioner would be like.  I was happy with the mild minty fragrance but wasn't wowed by how my hair felt after 3 times of using it.  It is light and perfect for the summer but wouldn't hold up well if you were in chlorine a lot.  The biggest surprise came with the price of the small bottle (smaller than a soda can). Not worth the price in the end.
6915	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's important to know where reviews on products like these are coming from. I'm 29 and a female who happens to enjoy wearing fragrances marketed towards males and females. If it smells good on my skin, I will gladly wear it. Other fragrances I use are JPG Le Male Terrible (for men), D&G Light Blue (for women), Burberry Brit Summer (for men), Armani Code (for men), John Varvatos Vintage (for men and my present favorite), CK Euphoria (for women) and Versace Dreamer.
I attach the sprayer, cover my head in a fine mist, pat, comb. I continue to apply where needed and then spray with the fiber fix (or hairspray, if in a pinch, works fine). My hair is shiny and I am ready to face the world without being embarrassed about my mostly bald head. I now look like I have hair where there is none, or very little.
7996	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product, works well, covers any thin areas and you can't even notice it - just really wonderful, and this colour is great for dark hair.
1011	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is likely the most luxurious lipstick I have ever tried. I previously did not have a favored brand, I've used Loreal, Max Factor, Lancme, and Este Lauder with no real favor to a brand, just the color.  I've had such dry lips recently, Chapstick, EOS, and my other lipsticks just weren't working in the moisturizing category, let alone keeping any added color on my dry lips.  This does! And my lips feel silky and nourished, this particular color, Whitney is a bit more in the pink/white brightened pigments than I care for (very Spring like and probably better on a Lighter-Blonde, I'm a red head, so I , as I usual have to applied a much darker shade and blended a bit to make it a wearable color for me.  Honestly this lipstick feels wonderful on. I have just ordered a second, darker color, "Sophia" more my usual color.  I gave this four stars because the color came out quite a bit lighter than what was pictured here on Amazon, "Whitney" is a very pink shade.  Overall the lipstick itself is velvety smooth, holds color very well and feels wonderful on my lips.
Also, a small amount creates a thin film over your facial hair that dries very quickly. This resulted in me using significantly more than the pea or dime size amounts referenced by other reviewers. The downside to using such a large amount is that you need to constantly rinse your blade because it gets clogged up.

5916	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	After seeing British Racing Green swatched all over the Internet, I finally gave in and bought it. Unfortunately, for me it's been the same story s with a lot of other very dark colours: out of bright light, it just looks like black. I found it really annoying that once I'd put on enough to reach a good opacity, you really couldn't tell it was green. Since then, this expensive product has just sat in my drawers. I can't recommend this colour, but Butter London's Come to Bed Red is a staple for my nails. It's great!
3473	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous color...I love, love, love it! Only need 1 coat, but using 2 plus OPI's base and top coat makes pedicure last at least 1 month.
8604	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is useful as it described.
I have had my daughter test it.  She said it was nice at first but felt it stripped her skin a bit too much.
The other essential part of my beauty regiment is Biotin. This dietary supplement does wonders for your hair, skin and nails.
My only complaint is this scent doesn't come in a body spray.  There is a shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, hand treatments, foot treatments, etc, but no body spray.  I even wrote to the company, but they have no plans to produce one.  If they did, this would be the only fragrance I would wear.  Love it!
5190	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this cream. It has hyaluronic acid and it has aqualia; which leaves a film on your skin to keep moisture in your skin. This is the try me size. Don't bother. Get the 1.69 ounce full size found https://www.amazon.com/Vichy-Aqualia-Thermal-Moisturizer-Hyaluronic/dp/B0010MGNK8/ref=sr_1_1_sspa?ie=UTF8&qid=1514136915&sr=8-1-spons&keywords=Vichy%2BAqualia%2BThermal%2BRich%2BCream&th=1. You get a little over 3 times as much for a less amount. You will need the bigger size because you are going to really like this cream if you have dry skin. You can also apply to your hands and elbows. This is some good stuff.
5843	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When I don't want to put a colored nail polish on, I go for this. It smooths out my nails and looks very natural. I love using it as a base coat too.
5724	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I didn't like this product at ALL.  It clumped when I put it on.  I will never buy it again.




9216	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using this stuff for years and works very well!

4241	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My fiance said that this product used to be sold at Bath and Body Works at a much higher price, so I can't complain about the price.  I had a huge problem with ingrown hairs and between using this product, a single blade razor, and a shave cream - all is well in neck territory and my ingrown hair problem has been much much much better!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~

I started getting into straight edge shaving a couple of years ago, but because it takes a bit of time and care still fell back on cartridge razors when I was in a hurry or traveling. Then I switched to DE and never went back. My first razor was a Van Der Hagen from Target. It's just fine and if you can get it cheap it's great. It was the perfect compromise between convenience, portability and quality - much better shave than cartridge and much easier/faster than straight edge.
2117	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Found this at Ulta after considering an online purchase of Zoya (after reading reviews).  Gemma is an army green color, and in the bottle, you can see the contrast dichroic-type effect of pale purple shimmer.  However, once it's on the nails, that dichro effect is lost.  It simply looks like a shiny army green.  I think that the difference between regular ambient light in a room (or outdoors) and the pale purple shimmer is simply not great enough to show a difference.  If you're looking for army green, go for it.  If you're looking for dichroic effect, keep looking.
2365	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really great fragrance and because it's EDP it lasts all day! I would describe it as a sweet yet dark scent- but it is definitely memorable and I've received many compliments.
4915	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This helped a bit with breakouts but not as much as I was hoping. It did make my skin feel super smooth. Worth trying for the price though! It's a little hard to use - some people use a cotton ball but what I found most effective was wetting my Beauty Blender, dipping it into the powder, then dabbing onto my face. Worked like a charm!
The mint isn't too strong and doesn't make my eyes water either. Most toothpastes make my mouth feel like it's on fire, but this toothpaste does not.
2220	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As everyone who cares about their appearance knows, skin care products come at us at record speed all making big promises. Glycolix Elite Treatment Pads not only deliver dramatic results it is the best skin care product I have ever used. First of all it cost pennies a day to use this product. You only need one pad to totally cover your face, neck and hands. So, one jar lasts 2 months--in which time your skin looks years younger. The main ingredient is doctor strength 20% Glycolic Acid which has been medically proven to exfoliate skin, reducing fine lines, blemishes and never tone. You see results in just a day or so. I use it at night rubbing really hard to get all the dirt, oil and dead skin off. You can see the pad turn brown after. Then, I use a good moisturizer like Vitamin C serum and go to bed. In the morning skin looks incredible and with daily use it just looks better and better day by day week by week. One note of caution: If you have sensitive skin and have been reactionary to any similar products in the past I suggest you start out with 10% Otherwise, use this every other day or every third day till your skin gets used to it.
In conclusion, I would recommend this product. The reason that I am deducting half a star is the scent. I don't really care for it. It isn't the minty/menthol smell, but something else that I cant describe.  But the other benefits of using this product outweigh the cons.

5689	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for 4 years now.  I love it so much.  Easy to apply and helps cover up my embarrassing situation.


5830	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is great product and smells really nice. I use it every day as part of my cleaning regimen. I have fair skin and it really works for me.
6326	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with any of Mario's products.


Will recommend to all men who has dry skin.

I have tried many times to see what might be different about this primer compared to many others out there.  I have to say after testing this repeatedly, I just don't see any advantage of using this primer.
When your hairdresser marvels at how good your hair looks, you know you've got a real solution to your problem.

3100	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product.
3723	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great
Also it's just good to vary products. Weather changes, humidity, age, stress, diet and other factors keep us in our toes so I would say this product is good among others, based on what I need at that time.
4. The most gorgeous tube you've ever seen. You'll want to grab it in the morning, and it's a conversation piece for anyone who spots it in your bathroom. It also makes my son want to brush, because he's enthralled with the silver-and-purple tube with the cool top.
This creme foundation doesn't feel heavy to wear, and it stays on my face well enough for me, all day, when I use powder over it.  The powder might need to be touched up a couple times over the course of a day, but that's easy enough to do!
7248	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have combination/acne prone skin and this covers evenly and naturally. The built in sunscreen is great, but I use one under as well. If you are oily, use Jane Iredale Absence primer under for hours of control. I used without a primer for years, but it looks even better with one. This is NOT the same as the loose minerals, completely different color and finish. The product will not settle into pores and barely transfers once set.
8392	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got an awesome sample of this and could not wait to order some. If you like a cleanser that foams up then this one will take some getting use to. This cleanser does not foam up. I love the enzyme cleansing which helps remove dirt and oils without being over drying. When I apply I let it set on my skin before I rinse. For some extra cleaning I mix some of this cleanser with a mild mask scrub and let it set then rinse, leaves skin glowing.
UPDATE: This moisturizer still works great after using a few weeks.  I've also noticed a decrease in the fine lines that were starting to form on my face without using my normal age defying product of which I had run out recently.  I guess my skin was drier than I thought before using this product, and maybe that was what was causing the lines.  I'm happy to be saving money by only needing one product.  I will definitely buy in the future.
*****
buyers need to trust them  and buy it because i have great positive feel with them.
2492	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the way it makes the neon colors look!
8256	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color!
8537	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've tried every Davines shampoo and conditioner and hated them all. This was the last one I had to try before writing off the whole line as worthless. First, I loved the scent - very clean and fresh. Second and more importantly, this left my hair so soft and shiny! I'm thrilled with the results!
1354	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is great for thinning hair, but you need some hair for it to adhere to.  It's keratin, which I believe is a protein that is part of the structure of hair and it looks very natural, if you choose the right color.  Even a hairdresser couldn't tell I was using it until she washed my hair.  It comes out easily with shampoo, but can last for a day or two if you don't wash your hair.  It makes your hair look so much thicker and that is saying something.  My hair is so thin in the back that my scalp shows through, but with Toppik, you can't tell.  Even if someone was sitting behind you, like in church, I don't think they would pick up on the fact that you are using it.  Men, if your head is totally bald, you know, shiny, I don't think this is for you, but if you are thinning and still have a fair amount of strands of hair left, this could work for you.  Be sure to get the color closest to the rest of your hair.  I believe they even have grey.  I use either the dark brown or the light brown depending on the shade that I have my hair dyed.  Also, it doesn't come off on my pillow like the Joan Rivers junk, and the medium size can lasts pretty long. It's expensive, sort of, but worth it.  Definitely cheaper than a wig or toupee.  As soon as I open a new container, I order another one, just to make sure that I never run out.  The best price I have found is on this website. Sally's Beauty Supply is much more expensive, as is the Toppik website.

It is a good self-tanner.
I like the built in cup as I shave in the shower and with this plastic (unbreakable) cup  I can whip up a good later in no time.
7712	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have never used a green tinted concealer before to hide the ruddiness of my pale skin and wanted to try this to see if it would reduce the blotchiness.  I recommend using a makeup primer under it as the green tinge is very very visible and you should go over it  multiple times to smooth it into your skin. Then be sure to apply a liquid foundation or powder of medium to full coverage to hide the green.  If you don't then you will look like a pale version of The Joker.  I think it does an adequate job but I didn't like the fact that I had to take extra time to blend it and then make sure the concealer was hidden under my foundation. I will go back to my old concealer that isn't as labor intensive.
7213	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Used for years and for me the best foundation. Very smooth and nice finish.
Highly recommended.

1670	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Very cheap nail polish. It chips very easily.

2051	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Maximilian Strasse is a great color that goes on smoothly.  This grayish green complements my skin tone and works with both casual and professional attire.
4627	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Silky, smooth...feels light and goes on clear.  There isn't much of a fragrance, maybe slightly citrus.  It's silky and feels like it could be similar to olive oil but NOT greasy.  It soaks in quick and works well before makeup too.  I noticed it felt smooth, but I did not notice any changes in my skin.  I did like the fact that this was organic, it made me feel better about using the product. The serum comes out in measured amounts that is perfect!  Overall, I am really happy with the product.  If I notice a change in the next few weeks I'll update this post!
6319	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice moisturizer. I find it difficult to find moisturizers that are good with oily skin. More often than not they're thin, and smell of rubbing alcohol, and this product is neither. It's a nice consistency (a light cream, not a thin lotion). It spreads over the skin easily, and it doesn't leave a greasy heavy feeling on my skin. It absorbs quickly too. I think this is a great product at a very reasonable price (a little goes a long way!). It's less expensive than the "high end" moisturizers, but every bit as good.

Zinc oxide: Natural mineral compound that works as a sunscreen agent by reflecting and scattering UVA and UVB rays
7196	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent dry shampoo!  Great scent.  Does the job effectively without "showing" unlike baby powder or cornstarch.  You use very very little so this lasts a long time.  Perfect for those days when you just don't have the time for a real shampoo.
Cleans of well
8670	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Despite the name saying oil control, this lotion is VERY oily. So oily, in fact, that when I squeeze it out, only oil comes out. I have tried shaking and massaging the bottle, and it still is separated. I am so frustrated this is a poor product. I'm obsessed with the Mario Badescu line so I'm assuming this is a very old product that the seller tried to pass off. If it wasn't such a pain to return it, I would have. It's just went in the trash after 4 or 5 tries. What a waste
.I got a lot of compliments on it.


RATING


8738	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this face scrub. It smells really good. It's a natural exfoliant so you don't have to worry about any of those weird plastic beads that are in many face washes. I use it in the shower because it is very messy. I can't tell how well it exfoliates, but if I put it on like a mask and leave it on for a few minutes while I'm shaving my legs or something, and then exfoliate my face before washing it off, it makes my skin feel tighter and soft.
I also use this for scissors with  'gunk' of paste, paint or other things making the scissors close together and eventually making it impossible to cut anything.
2565	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an insanely luxurious hair masque, it smells so yummy, leaves a lovely scent in my hair for a few days. My hair feels stronger, like it has had a protein drink. I was concerned that this masque might be too 'heavy' for my hair and weight it down but it was quite the opposite. My coarse, dry hair drank up the product without leaving a film or coating on my hair that typically attracts dirt/oil. My hair is soft, shiny, and still has enough volume without being 'crazy hair' that I'm normally blessed with during humid weather. I had to use quite a bit (my hair is like a sponge when it's wet) after I colored my hair, not quite as much for a normal washing. This product rinses out clean, and does work better if my hair is combed in the shower with a wide tooth comb.
I found this hand cream via a friend a few years ago, and I have not been without it since that time. I wash my hands frequently and need to moisturize my hands often. This small tube lasts a long time because you need very little amount each time. That little amount you use will moisturize your hands so well that you can go through few hand washings and the cream stays on. I cannot say enough about the quality of this hand cream. This stays in my purse at all times. This is the best hand cream I have ever tried and I have tried multiple kind from 99 cents to expensive kinds.
5809	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is amazing! Who knew this kind of coverage was available?!
7819	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Buy it and it will last a year, so don't worry about the price. It is amazing, my lips are always chapped but when I use this my lipsticks go nice and smooth and it removes all the dead skin on your lips. I have been using mine twice a day for a year and have gone through have of it.
This is definitely going to be my deodorant of choice from now on.
1394	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was trying all types of products to thicken my thinning hair.  Nothing worked.  Minoxidil only helps in slowing down the process but does nothing for covering the thinning spots.  This product really works.  It really does work in covering areas that are thinning, and your friends will not be able to tell the difference.
3409	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE OPI!
4791	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this in July's Glossybox and I was almost afraid to try it.  I'd heard a lot of people complaining about the smell.  But, I gave it a chance, and I'm glad I did.

Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.
1612	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	More purple than described. Chips easy but goes on well, clean look.
4285	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a self-proclaimed PCA addict (in the best way).  My medicine cupboard resembles an aesthetician's tray.  PCA, exfoliating wash, toner, multiple serums, hydrators, eye cream, sun screens and lip serum.

1725	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!
No irritation and the splotches and minor blemishes are clearing up by the day. I do follow it with the Cucumber Lotion and then a moisturizer. Badescu products are very reasonable in price, and do what they promise.

the price has something to do with this but it is not the Toppik brand and does not work as well.

-There seems to be a noticeable difference in my brothers skin since beginning this Baxter of California 1.2.3 Skin kit.

1911	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Such a bright cheery coral color! I bought a few extras for my bridesmaids. Love the shimmer to it, actually matches the color in the bottle really well. I've had others in this shade (in the bottle) that look fire engine red on the nails. This doesn't do that. Love it on my toes!
8245	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Wears off and chips easily - lasts about 2 days.

This moisturizer immediately absorbed into my face and my skin felt hydrated. It left no oily shine or texture and it doesn't feel oily or leave your face with a greasy after feel. And my face was pretty much shine-free for the rest of the day at work.

1701	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color!  I love it...too bad it's discontinued.
8088	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  It does exactly as it says.  It covers your balding spots and makes your hair appear fuller.  If you are losing hair but still have some strands of hair that this product can cling to, then this is for you.  If you attempt to put this product on bald skin, then forget it, you will look ridiculous.  This product needs some hair to cling to and believe me, it will appear fuller and no one will be able to tell. You can comb your hair after putting this on, but don't rub your head too much or else it will come off little by little.  But it beats buying a hair piece or hair transplant.
6077	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	THIS STUFF IS AMAZING! Heres a photo of the progress. I love it. I keep it in the fridge and use it at night. I will NEVER go without it!

47	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't like using antiperspirants . . and this is deodorant only!  Great fragrance and very effective deodorant.  Hard to find except on Amazon.
I have taken to wearing it alone because it is the perfect nude for my skin.
The slickness on this cream is more persistent here and allows more razor glide ease. No matter how well experienced with my shaving technique I am , still I do always respect a new shave and I am always careful with every move I do, to avoid cuts and burns.
6070	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I expected another type of mask but this one is ok!
I think Jack black is a good line, but not a GREAT line, and is overpriced in general.

6562	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	have used it for years and have had many complements

2822	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a really good deodorant without all the harsh chemicals that are in most deodorants out there. I have been using this deodorant for a while and I must say I'm very pleased with this product. It goes on the skin clear and the smell is fragrance free which is good. I must say that this deodorant is a product that i plan on purchasing over and over again because it is such a good quality deodorant.
6277	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	great product and easy for daily use
8613	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin is really dry, particularly after a long course of Accutane.  Winter weather can cause a lot of visible skin irritation from shaving, and most men's face washes are not targeted well to my skin type.  However, White Knight has been perfect.  It leaves my skin much more resistant to razor burn than other washes and, while more expensive than I am comfortable with, is recommended to anyone with very dry skin.
One 16 oz bottle will last me the entire summer using once per day.
This should last a long time and it is easy to apply.  No greasy after feel.
I also have CND sticky base coat which is also awesome but has greenish tint to it.
7110	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Not convinced of the thickening claim, but it seems to clean well. The smell is a bit muted, but I follow with the Jack Black conditioner anyway, which in my opinion has a much more appealing smell.
1595	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hi! Love this color.
If you have baby fine hair as I do, don't over-do it -- just use maybe a dime-sized at most, and don't apply it to the roots - also, work it in really well into wet/damp hair, and then blow dry with a round brush--though I want to try it without blow drying to see what it will do. I also noticed it made my hi-lights look better - I think it must be the "smoothing" effects that allowed my hi-lights to shine, but whatever the case, this product works for me.
Since I have sensitive skin and a bit of rosacea, my face felt a little warm after the first few applications, and there was a slight redness, but this went away and was well worth it to have my face clear again. I would use this product maybe twice a week just to keep any blemishes away that may decide to erupt.

713	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Work great

If you're skin is not sensitive though, I would recommend sticking to your regular makeup remover as it does a much better job at removing makeup.
999	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Very thin pads. Hard to separate. So so.
2680	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	AAA+++
Worth a try if your hair gets really dirty, or if you like a strong, deep cleaning shampoo.
I am returning this bottle to Ulta, where I purchased from. I would love to keep it since I like the scent and consistency, but if using such a small amount and only focusing on my scalp dries out my hair that much, it is not worth it.

8373	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the only cleanser that my wife will use. Mario Badescu is a great brand and well worth the price that you pay. This works miracles and my wife swears by this brand. This is highly reccomend this brand!
5514	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great with my naturally reddish-brown hair.
5972	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is so vivid, it only needs just one coat and glossy top coat to emphasize it.
2839	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	On the whole, I like Jack Black porducts.  This facewash cleanses without drying out my skin.  The smell is pleasent.  Would recommend.
2209	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for almost two years and my skin has never been better.  Smoth and 99% acne free.
8973	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As advertised

2154	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have been using different pucks and creams and thought i was happy. This stuff is great and I will be buying it again. It lathers so nicely and I enjoy the smell too.
But this stuff doesn't seem to result in dry, itchy scalp.  I use it daily with the conditioner, and my hair looks pretty good (even for an old guy).
3934	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Crabtree & Evelyn products are staples when it comes to gifts in good taste.  But their Jojoba Oil Triple Milled With Shea Butter Soap is an item you'll want to buy for yourself.  And rather often.  The scent is gender-neutral with no hints of floral.  Just honest clean, almost like a soap for babies.
4634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Been using this for a few weeks now. It's supposed to be applied before applying moisturizer. It's liquidy consistency may be a plus or minus depending on you: it certainly makes it easier to spread over a larger area. Haven't noticed any irritation, which is a plus, despite its (natural) acid ingredients. No complaints about smell, either. But, more encouragingly, it seems to be lessening my forehead lines, albeit more slowly than I'd like :)
And if you have henna in your hair (as I do) it matches beautifully.
What I like about this is 1. it's very fast.  It took me about six seconds or less to rub it on and rinse it off.  2. There is no hint of a film of anything left on my skin like there can be with other cleansers.  Some cleansers deposit something on my skin which I have always disliked.  3. It has a nice light almost not there fragrance.  4.  I actually like how it doesn't lather.  It makes it easier and faster to rinse off.  5. It rinses off super fast and easy.  Some cleansers take lots of effort and time to rinse but this just immediately disappears quickly. 6. My skin feels soft and clean without feeling stripped.
35	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive skin and unfortunately have suffered painful reactions to certain brands of deodorant (mostly of the aluminum free or natural varieties from brands I otherwise like). I can't get enough of CK One and wanted to try this deodorant for a little while-so glad I did. Definitely the CK One fragrance I adore but a little lighter/ more subtle, no skin irritation, long lasting (most surprising) and I'm happy with the results and experience of wearing it. Smells fresh and clean which is what I want.
4930	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have never found a foundation no matter what that I was pleased with but I am on my third replacement and have wondered how I lived without it. I don't like make up . This is very natural. Love the concept behind Jane Iredale products as well.

9266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	beautiful color

7160	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I keep ordering this over and over and over...
So, now I'm using green primer (to neutralize redness) and white powder. What next?!? I have very fair skin, so the white setting powder blends well. I don't know how it would work on darker or more olive complexions. I love that the mirror on the compact is large -- you can see your whole face in it. A lot of cosmetics companies are using smaller mirrors in their compacts, I suppose to save money.
9628	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Expensive and doesn't last long.  Not really worth it in my opinion and I won't reorder.
Too many colors, too little pedicure time!
The masks are:
4317	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Prior to receiving the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Baxter-of-California-Hydro-Salve-Lip-Balm/dp/B000UEROLE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Baxter of California Hydro Salve Lip Balm</a>&nbsp;I had never heard of this brand.  The price seemed comparable to many lip balms, but only worth it if they perform well.
7432	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Would order again!
It is quickly absorbed into the skin, leaving it soft and smooth.  The ingredients do an excellent job of locking in moisture.
8147	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very refreshing. Looking forward to using it in the summer and on vacation to cool off and keep skin hydrated. Will buy again. Very nice mist.

The bottle I received probably sat for quite some time, it did not have liquid texture as most new polishes do. I had to thin this out before using on my nails.

9358	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Skin type: sensitive with slight rosacea


I also should note that neither this product, nor any other dermablend choices, ever seems to aggravate my problem skin.  So, you get your problems covered up and not made worse at the same time.
5519	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have some scaring on the top of my head due to skin lupus. This has solved my problem. It is easy to apply and no mess. Took it with me today when I got my hair trimmed and my stylist was very impressed. I would highly recommend.
1258	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this stuff.  Hides where hair is thinning and gives more body.
6440	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very hydrating serum. It's gel like so it's enough for my skin before I apply sunscreen. Good ingredients and a little goes long way.
2610	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, love it! Works great with the sunscreen I purchased on the advise of my derma doctor. Makes my skin look and feel great after my nightly application of retinal! Highly suggest!
6858	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks

7017	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good way to try all of the products before spending money. Great size that lasts a long time  good way to try products
5048	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I formerly used the Baby Quasar, Pure Silk with my LED light therapy. I have since replaced it with this product. The Pure Silk product is very good, but has a high percentage of hyaluronic acid. I am using a prescription hyaluronic acid preparation, thus have determined the Pure Silk is redundant.  I've read that a rich copper peptide preparation should be blue or green blue. In any event, this product has been well received by my skin. I will also take an opposing view from other reviewers insofar as I find the preparation to be entirely non-occlusive. I am prone to rapid pore clogging, and this product will not clog pores. I might also add I use this product in conjunction with two or three additional cosmeceuticals. As such, no direct attribution can be made as to efficacy. That said, I would highly recommend this product. It is important for me since I do multiple ablative and non-ablative procedures annually and cannot use preparations such as stabilized vitamin C to promote healing.
4102	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this because it is suppose to keep any brass color out of blonde or grey shades.  The smell is intoxicating and the shampoo makes your hair squeaky clean after rinsing.  Doesn't strip color or natural oils.  Really don't need a conditioner after using.  Your hair is soft and shines.  Super nice product.
4266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it
The next is can you afford it and if you answer yes than you need to pull the trigger.

I've been using the Korean 10 step skincare routine as outlined by Charlotte Cho in her book of skincare, and after oil and foam cleansing, have been favoring this, then Klair's toner, Klair's vitamin C toner, Cosrx snail essence, eye cream, then face cream and sunscreen on top. This definitely added results when used 2-3 times a day or more. My skin is glowing in comparison to what it was like 6 months ago.

I am no fan of using my fingers on the go, so it stays in my vanity at home, but since it lasts so long after it is applied, it works well. Pot lip glosses actually stay sanitary more than the kind you dip a wand into, so.....just make sure you wash your hands first!
*skin issue alert*
3097	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Product and service was great.
5432	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Obagi Clenzidern is a foaming acne wash that leaves your face feeling tingly, refreshed and clean. I did apply a light moisturizer following the use of this product because it left my face feeling a little dry and tight. Some of the ingredients include salicylic acid (2%) and methol. In terms of results, for the few weeks that I have been using this product, I have not noticed any real irritation or peeling. My complexion seems clearer and smoother, more even. How do I know this? Well, I had not seen my mother for about two weeks and when I did see her she said that my face looked some smooth like I had on makeup. I had only washed my face and put on a light moisturizer. So while I may not be able to see all of the benefits, others can.
8867	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this! Keeps my skin clear and moist!
I highly recommend this iron for all hair types, but especially for those with thick wavy or curly hair who want a smooth option.
349	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Medium/full coverage foundations can be tricky.  It's hard to find that balance between covering up any imperfections without makeup looking cakey or unnatural.  This foundation from Dermablend impressed me because it strikes that balance.  It's great for covering blemishes or other imperfections.
I stumbled on this shampoo and conditioner somehow searching for products with a more natural lean, although I know some people have issues with some ingredients here. My hair is basically frizz free right as it dries thanks to this, and a little bit of my fave hair serum, and its almost perfect (its only ever "perfect" when I flat iron!). Soemtimes I don't even use the serum, and its still great.
6166	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Mario Badescu fan for a long time.  Several years ago I entered all the magical things I was looking for in a facial cleanser, again and again Mario Badescu kept popping up.  Since then I keep coming back to Mario Badescu when I need results.

2344	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I know this is called a lip enhancer, but really, anything that moisturizes your lips well will make them look bigger.  Luckily, this one doesn't sting like some lip plumpers, and it does moisturize well.  I don't usually wear lipstick and just like to wear a good moisturizing chapstick, so this works well for me.  I doubt I would buy it again, though.  It doesn't seem to do anything better than a cheaper chapstick would do.
1091	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you use Dermablend make-up this setting powder is almost a necessity. After applying your face or body make-up you apply the powder, let it set a few minutes then brush it off.  It makes the make-up last a lot longer with no transfer or rubbing off. It leaves a beautiful matte finish.
560	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If used properly this cover cream will give a light coverage that will not sink into lines, will protect from sun damage, and give a nice even color. Just make sure that you blend first on the back of your hand for the best results. If you are older as am I, you are not going to find a miracle line and wrinkle eraser but rather basically a one step sun screen and color makeup. Check the company's shade chart for best results; I have used two in the fair column and both work well.

4417	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this with my Clarisonic and it gets my dry, acne prone skin very clean and without leaving a noticeable residue behind.  I appreciate that it leaves my skin feeling naked without stripping it of needed oils.  The fragrance is also soft and not overpowering or noxious, which I appreciate as sometimes drugstore cleansers can be too potent smelling to my nose.  The only thing I would say is that if I am wearing eye makeup I do feel I need to use a dedicated eye makeup remover.  I can eventually get it off with this cleanser but it dose seem to require more time and elbow grease to do so and I sometimes find a few eye lashes (my own not implants) fall off in the process.  But that isn't unique to this cleanser, I generally find I prefer a dedicated eye makeup remover.
This product did not irritate my eyes, and they are fairly sensitive. A little goes a long way, so the bottle should last quite some time.

I stumbled on this shampoo and conditioner searching for products with a more natural lean, although I know some people have issues with some ingredients here. My hair is basically frizz free right as it dries thanks to this, and a little bit of my fave hair serum, and its almost perfect (its only ever "perfect" when I flat iron!). Soemtimes I don't even use the serum, and its still great.
I'm no longer concerned should someone take my picture from a a facial picture to one from behind.
8911	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Elemis for ten years. Good skin care products are a great investment. You can search online to determine the right products for your skin. Buy from Amazon they have the best prices!

6192	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have adult acne and very dry skin in the winter.  I have to really watch what I use on my face.  Bioelements Moisture Positive Cleanser works for me.  Other cleanser especially in the winter,  burns when I apply cleanser Moisture Positive Cleanser doesn't .  I've spent so much money on facial products and I keep coming back to all Bioelements products.  For me they are the best.
1628	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As soon as I saw this bottle of nail polish arrive I knew it was it was instant love!
This product may cause stinging when you first begin to use it, especially if you have never used glycolic acid products before. If you have sensitive skin, it may be best to start with either this strength (15%) or the 10% to allow your skin to get used to the glycolic acid before moving up to the higher 20% strength. The burning and tingling doesn't last long, and you will begin to notice that it doesn't seem to burn after using it several times.

Highly recommended by me! And the Bisque shade seems to make a lot of people happy. My best advice, however, before ordering, is to go to your local Vincent Longo makeup artist and test out those shades first. Once you find the right one, you're bound to be happy.
4263	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hands down my favorite tinted moisturizer. It's rich, creamy, applies quickly and evenly. It's not overly shiny, even with the SPF. I add a dusting of sexy mama translucent powder and I look put together and ready to go.
* It makes my skin look flawless.  My skin looks very smooth and even-toned.
7758	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Thus mask does not dehydrate theskin but helps lift impurities and tighten power. Gentle on the ski, does not completely dty.

9595	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	From the description, I thought I'd like this, but I don't.  I've been using American Crew body wash for years and haven't found one I like more.  I thought I'd try this because of favorable reviews.  Smells too "woody" to me instead of refreshing.  Of course fragrance is subjective.
3617	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have really thick and heavy hair.  I tend to do a loose and messy look, because really, not much choice.  What I like about this spray is that it helps my hair stay higher than flatter.  The day tends to pull my hair down and make it straight.  I try not to just stick it in a pony tail, especially when it is shoulder length, but still.
4173	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have used product for 5 yrs. Works well.



5660	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am African American and have been a fan for quite a while. I use black for my thin edges. I recommended it to a church member who has some thinning issues. She reported that she loves it as well. I also use the spray applicator and holding spray which works well. However, I can just shake the powder on and go without the accessories and it stays all day. Non one can tell a thing.

- The product does eventually wear off, so the 3 daily applications are necessary to maintain the desired effect throughout the day.
What's that old Maglite tagline?  A work of art that works?  That's what this is!  Attractive enough to be in the museum of modern art, and effective enough to make you round up your collection of older clippers and toss them in the trash.  The price is a lot if you aren't sure it works, but it does.  Really, it is worth twice the cost, and looks the part.

It's a clear, thick liquid that lathers nicely - a little goes a long way. The smell is fresh - I can identify the tea tree oil  and grapefruit. It's completely appropriate for either gender (and doesn't linger in the hair anyway).

1078	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a good quality powder, one that I can (and will continue to) use alone, or over just a concealer, at least in the hot weather.  I can't really comment on how well this works to set foundation because I have not yet mastered the art of using this on top of Dermablend foundation.  Part of the problem is that there is no single shade of the foundation that is a good match for my skin color and tone.  (I have to blend and mix three (3!) shades of the foundation to get something that approximately matches my complexion.)  Since it's too hot to wear anything but the lightest makeup I am not really motivated to keep fooling with the foundation. This powder is a good solution, one that is better than the mineral powder I had been using.
3465	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous color and the classic OPI formula.  Wore it on my toes chip-free for 2 weeks!
I would recommend this to anyone who contends with thinning hair.  It is easy to use and it isn't too expensive.
-it doesnt rub off onto clothes
966	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When my BedHead curling iron I've been using for the past several years finally died on me, I went searching for a new one. I had been using and iron with a 1.5 inch barrel, mostly for curling the ends of my hair in. I have thick hair, that I tend to let get very long before finally cutting it. I'm usually looking to just curl the hair under for a finished look and to add volume, rather than using an iron to make actual curls in my hair. I ordered this 2 inch barrel Hot Tools iron to see how it would work for how I style my hair, and I found I really like it. It gives my hair the look of sweeping inward, without a stark contrast to the top part of my hair that the iron isn't curling. I love how much volume I get when using this iron on all my hairs layers separately, and I especially like how it works to give my hair direction, more than curls.
6101	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I really wanted to like this cleanser. I mean the name of it just sounds amazing. Upon opening it, there's no seal on it. The smell is not too bad. It's a pleasant smell but definitely a little bit artificial. There are little bits of pieces in this to help exfoliate the skin. I have used it for a few days now - hoping for what happened the first time was a fluke but I think I am allergic to something in this because every time I used it, my skin would break out. I have not had as much break out as when I was a teenager - over 15 years ago.
8191	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great with any type of nail color
9934	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OK IF YOU HATE SHAVING?!?! Get this , then go to YouTube look up how to use shaving soap. Watch several videos. Then break out your soap/cream and play around with it practice and then give it a try! If you do not find this to be thee best shave ever keep practicing cause your missing a step or have not gotten it down yet.
910	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I now keep this spray in my purse, my car and on my vanity. I use it under make-up and over it to set and also refresh my skin. It is cooling and soothing. Love it.
6297	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This body lotion is great and I'm pretty ecstatic To discover it now.  It is so light and not too sweet. Scent is incredibly clean. I love the way my skin feels after I put it on. Something is just so good about it.  I love another certain lotion with oatmeal it's actually my favorite around the house and made by Aveeno. I feel this one made with wheat is very similar in the way it feels. The difference is price, with Aveeno you get a lot more for a lot less $$.

I've tried more expensive ones, from better brands like Tweezerman (they do make great tweezers), but the only thing I seem to get for the extra cash is a larger size.  They're still dull, they still shoot the tips across the room, but at least they are bigger.
7622	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have oily skin and this product really helps reduce the oil and keeps my skim blemish free! Highly recommend.
3865	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Actually got compliments at work on this nail polish. I mix it with the regular or the milky white and put the bubble bath on top.
6414	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best face mask..Use a hot cloth to open the pores of your face.  Put on the mask and lay down and let it do its work.
1416	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Flower-flavored toothpaste? Yes, and it's delicious! If you're bored by your drugstore's choices (20 varieties of harsh, tongue-burning mint), try this. Yes, it is expensive, but Amazon's price isn't any higher than you'll find in a store -- if you're lucky enough to find this stuff in a store at all. Let me tell you what makes Marvis Jasmine Mint worth paying a "mint" (sorry) for:
Can't think of any
9310	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My main peeve about shower gels in general is that you have to use so much. This shower gel is great and a little goes a long way. The scent is strong but wears off quickly. I feel clean after using it, but even better, I do not feel like my skin is dry. It washes off easily and does not leave a film or residue. I have finally found a shower gel that I will use regularly. The only negative I can see with this is if you are sensitive to the scent. Like I said, in the shower, it is strong. Once I am dressed, it does not seem overwhelming. The tube is large and since you don't have to use much, it should last, which makes it a great value. If you shave in the shower, use this first. I used it after and it stung a little.
This water puts out such a fine mist that you can even use it over makeup to set it.  During the winter, my skin gets really dry and flakey, and this helps create a smoother look and feel to my foundation.  I also use it after cleansing or before applying moisturizer to help my skin stay moist.  It even just feels good as a pick-me-up midday!
Swivel cord is nice too.


5176	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a light and airy cream that works well over other moisturizers or on its own.  I found that it had a very slight floral scent.  That caused me not to be able to put it on my face for worry about the fragrance.  It is a very mild scent.
8198	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had to apply this a few times to my nails in order for the cuticle to be reduced. The cuticles are not as neat as when going to a salon but if you're in a pinch, this works great.
I have been using this for over a five years, I was lucky my sister shared it with me.

After application, she says her skin feels very soft. This is undoubtedly due to the tiny molecules of oil suspended in the Vichy cleanser which prevent the skin from feeling completely stripped of natural moisture.  When blended with the skin's own oils, these molecules encourage the skin to replenish its own natural levels of moisture so that the skin's natural process isn't interrupted due to over-cleansing.

9209	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this is the only thing that has worked for me, it dries your pimples over night
3105	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A must for anyone that wants to eliminate lines around and under the eyes. Makes the eye area feel and look great. I have been using for 6 yrs. I am still pleased with all Elemis products.
<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/OPI-Nail-Lacquer-Italian-Love-Affair-0-5-Fluid-Ounce/dp/B00421X1WM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">OPI Nail Lacquer, Italian Love Affair, 0.5-Fluid Ounce</a>
1470	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	**My first bottle broke during transit. But the second one survived.
* They hold up to commercial use
7453	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice product....have always loved Pevonia!



172	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great color.  I love it.
1671	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color!
It has a slight aroma that dissipated within a few minutes so it passes the smell test.
I really, really wanted the Nectifirm to work! I'm an otherwise young looking woman, and was horrified when my neck seemed to lose the elasticity it had previously had after I lost some weight. I have a small area between my chin and neck that I've tried everything on, but I suppose when the priorities in life are taken care of, if I still have that small problem area I can have some type of skin treatment.
1286	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great!
1494	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I purchased the shade Stevie pixidust and wow! The picture of it is gorgeous but it does not do it justice. It's so much prettier in reality!

The other purpose for me is that it has a (30 SPF) sunscreen.  ALL other cosmetics with sunscreen I have tried have (25 SPF) or lower, and not my needed (30 SPF) that my dermatologist recommends.  She has said that even in my home with shades closed I am exposing my skin to potential damage.  I score 1,000 % here for this as well as the other qualities of this line.
Hot shower
6236	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this product because it is listed as a lotion for rosacea, and dry, sensitive skin. It is not a lotion. It is a non aerosole spray of very watery, milky liquid.
8616	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using Billy Jealousy's White Knight face wash for several months now. I love the clean and fresh feeling I get from this product, and especially enjoy how it feels after I get out of the shower. My face isn't dry and doesn't feel as though I've stripped it of all oils. Works great, smells great, and is a pretty decent value compared to the other products on the market.
8298	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This polish seemed to be very long lasting, I went 2 weeks without it chipping. The color is beautifully vibrant & I got a lot of compliments on it.
2459	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My skin is combination skin, and in the spring/summer, especially, the T-zone on my face is perpetually oily and shiny.  No type of makeup or powder helps with this problem.  Since the other parts of my skin are dry, I use this product only on my T-zone, and have noticed, after just a few uses, a definite improvement in shine, oil, and what I call "makeup override" which is when oil overpowers and makes the makeup on my face disappear in those oily areas.  My nose/forehead still gets oily looking later in the day, but this is a big improvement overall.
1490	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I usually love Zoya, but the black is the worst black I have ever bought in my entire life, and I wear a LOT of black nail polish. It's opaque, which makes it look really gross without multiple coats, but it's also drippy and tacky for a REALLY long time if you do thick enough coats for it to actually be black instead of a nasty watery grey. Just terrible. Would return it if it were worth the trouble. I did my nails this MORNING and it's already chipping.

903	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent refresher and moisturizer for the face anytime any season - whether in an air-conditioned or a heated up with furnace environment. My wife loves this product which is Spring water at pH 7.0 that keeps her face moisturized.

Almond scented, this has a great and somewhat subdued scent that is neither overpowering nor sticky as it is applied. After using, shower any residue off. The main benefit is silky smooth skin. My skin is extremely dry so I clearly appreciate the benefits in Winter though I could see myself using it year round.
6425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it
8093	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I wanted to like this product. I had read about it on a site other than Amazon. I was looking for a good product for my oily hair.  This product was so watery that I couldn't get it from my hands to my hair no matter how hard I tried.  I tried to use it several times, but I finally gave up and threw it away.

is like dust and doesn't look like hair at all. I recommend trying another product on Amazon. Perhaps
My JB purge was so damaging that my dark marks are still healing and I took a little break in-between the kits by washing with mild facewash and spot treating. Additionally, I developed noticeable blackheads which I'd never really had a problem with before JB.
8672	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this because of the good reviews. Didn't work for me at all. Left me with blurry vision. Other cleansing oils work far better and can be used for the entire face.
UPDATE I am a big fan of PCA skin products and I had to update this review because I really believe I was sold an expired toner and other PCA products. I stopped buying PCA products on amazon after comparing them to the ones I bought with my dermatologist or @skinstore.com. I noticed that while everything was the same the expiration dates on the products I bought on amazon where different and where able to come off. Sadly I can't remember the vendor but there must be a reason why they are cheaper here when other sites like dermstore.com or skinstore.com will not even give a small discount on PCA products (PCA products are always excluded from promotions).
BUT WAIT!  ALL HAIL JOUER MINERAL POWDER BLUSH!  Swipe, swipe, blend a little, and you're ready to put your perfect glowing face forward.  If you're make-up lazy like me, you can even layer a couple extra layers on your eyelids and voila!  Eye shadow!


4077	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My girlfriend likes this stuff because it's a good solution for cleaning and removing her makeup, but she says that it's pretty messy to use.  There's a three step process to using this cleansing solution: apply the oily cleanser, add a few drops of water to make it a little sudsy, and then wash it all off.  It definitely cleans while hydrating, and oil is great for removing other oily things on your face.  A lot of people use olive oil for cleaning because it will clean without drying out your face like soapy facial washes do.  This cleansing oil just has a nicer, floral smell that's kind of similar to plumeria flowers.
6422	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perhaps the most fabulous skin cream I've ever used. Middle aged skin with redness reacts so well to daily use - redness has gone away and my skin looks brighter and healthy with great hydration. I use this after cleansing at night, and again after cleansing in the morning (given we are in the harsh winter months in the midwest). Before applying I use the Chamomile Cleansing Lotion and think the combination of the two have had the most positive impact on my skin for reducing and eliminating redness, dryness, and dullness.
The worst part about this cleanser is that it made our skin itch a bit.  Perhaps it was from drying it out so much or maybe the sodium laureth sulfate it contains, but it just makes the skin feel uncomfortable.  No matter how much lotion I apply, it does not seem to soothe this feeling entirely.
This is a really confusing product to review. I like it, and it feels nice, but I can't determine if using it has any lasting effect on my skin or if it is really more of a refreshing spritzer for a hot day. This is why I can't recommend using it in place of your usual toner (however, I have to assume using this is better than using no toner at all as it still helps moisturizer soak in faster).
2618	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's a classic scent, fresh and floral.  The note that I get most is of spicy carnations.  It's on the light side and is not cloying or overly sweet.  My wife loves it.  The only complaint is that it doesn't last long enough on her skin.
I love the grittiness of the facial scrub. It does an excellent job of both cleaning and exfoliating my face. My oily skin feels clean afterwards and it doesn't dry it out like some scrubs do. I am really loving this facial scrub and I have pretty much stolen it from my Husband. It has replaced my St. Ives Apricot Scrub for the moment. I do not know if I will purchase it again because of the price. However, given the choice between the two I would use this Baxter scrub. I like the scent and feel better.
The products overall, I'm sad to say, never completely eliminated my problem: high cost - no real results. Had it, obviously I would be raving about it and not complaining about the cost (when you invest in the standard bottles). When will these companies get that if something really works people will happily pay for it - so long as it's reasonable? Anyway, I gave up on the all natural toner & have moved onto trying the Clinique acne kit in hopes it may slay my acne beast. But that's a new regime for me and thus I can't say for sure how it's going as of yet.
1484	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great color..last a long time
968	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
CONS
If it were about half the price (e.g. $10), I wouldn't look for alternatives...

4522	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't believe I have never reviewed this. I recently pulled a several years old tub out of my stash to use in desperation from a recent break out and couldn't remember why I stopped using it. I'm going to address what I feel are the main complaints about it and my opinions.
[Old Review:


The only downside to this was that when applied with a foundation brush (as recommended) but without using Vincent Longo Water Canvas primer (recommended for longevity) it evaporated.  My wife is going to try using this with the primer to see if it really does last longer, but without it, by the end of the day it had evaporated to the point where she had no makeup to take off (which could be a bad thing).
1857	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	nice color..was looking for a true mauve..needs 3 coats to be that color, but that might just be on my discolored nails..very conservative, but not that "pinky" color that i don't like..

I decided to try the whole "system" and after the first use, I have opted not to use it again. First, the smell is unpleasant, or at least it was to me. Perhaps extended use would work wonders for the skin, but I am unable to stomach the smell so that's something. I used the cleanser, serum and moisturizer, just as indicted in the instructions. After the first and only use, my skin felt dry with an odd texture - hard to explain, not exactly smooth or silky or very sticky (just a little sticky), just weird. Then I started to itch and feel tingling. Not good tingling, more burning, rashy tingling. Nothing that I'd ever want to feel again. I did not try the peel, one whiff and I felt nauseated. I will use the bamboo washcloth again, however. It's really great.
4374	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best product I have found for my face.

Small amount gently worked into the skin til almost absorption
In summary, this formulation is a good combo of light AHA's and hydrating ingredients while steering clear of the "no-no"s. If you are looking for an immediate refining/ brightening effect, only a professional peel or IPL/laser treatment would do that; i'd recommend this cream as a good "maintenance" cream that gradually further refines skin on a slower basis, albeit much gentler.
First.  Pre shave lotion only.  Worked well.  Lotion is heavy, not watery.  Oily feel.  Coated and worked well.  Better than gels.
6872	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Didn't work!
9531	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Juice Beauty Blemish Clearing Cleanser I would say has helped my oily skin look healthier as well as control and possibly prevent wanted acne. I tend to use this right before I get out of the shower in the morning as well as evening and it has kept my skin stay well hydrated! It has been great when removing mineral makeup off my face too!

2948	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product. fast shipping. Thank you!!!
4257	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My product came out green.  I have fair skin so I was reluctant to even buy this.  I don't know why I bothered buying this garbage.
update I bought a second one ! i love the mini because you can fit it in a clutch and don't have to worry about reapplying when you're out and about ! perfect for those wanting to make their hair look a little more full !
1665	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color!  Great quality nail polish, and received very quickly
166	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color
360	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Most days I prefer a liquid foundation, they are lighter and easy to mix with my serums to get smooth coverage that stays light and hydrating but full coverage. However as even my liquid was not able to handle when my eczema flares badly I was enthusiastic about trying this dermablend cream. First I like the color range, I have pale skin and can have a really hard time finding shade, many brands don't really go into the fair and lighter shades so it is always a tone off. I did still choose two shades but mostly because it is summer and my skin can get a bit darker. The color I choose for universal use is the rose beige. I was a bit nervous with beige in the title but I followed the chart and went with it. I have to say it is just about perfect. I was also worried with the weight of a formula that was in a heavy pot, and my concern was not necessary. A little goes quite a long way, I did my initial application with my fingers, and then blended and smoothed with a damp beauty blender. The formula on this is really impressive, it can go on thin enough to see my freckles with enough blending, or can be gently blended to cover the worst of my eczema. I was really happy with not only the coverage but the fact that it didn't cause any additional irritation and in fact some of the worst areas even looked a bit more healed after taking it off. The ability to cover what is often large raw areas that embarrass me too much to go out has made this a favorite in my makeup collection. I would give it more than five stars if I could.
4349	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is convenient foremost. Second it is not the same as filling up a spray bottle with regular water. It actually hydrates. I'm shocked & very pleased. This is going to be a dream come true in the summer. I bought a 5oz to test it & just got my big bottle today. Yup, I'm in love. When this first came out to think I laughed.
7. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL LEG AND BODY MAKE-UP (SPF25):
For even greater results, I recommend Toppik's Hair Fattener.  This is a leave-in treatment.  The results I have with it are impressive.  It works by making the hair appear a little thicker.  I have been using it for about six weeks and even my husband can see a small difference in the thickness of my hair.  (Toppik's claim is that continued use will make a permanent change in the thickness of the hair.) Using both products together will really help you look like you have no gaps of hair.
3223	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great shaving cream - beats the pants off of the normal consumer products hands-down.
6415	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells great, feels great. My skin feels brand new the next morning.
6229	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This item arrived without any kind of packaging...  This lotion/toner did not work well with my combination skin type...  Not sure if the lactic acid was the culprit or not, but I would not purchase this again.
3428	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very nice color, good product
It's wonderful for covering up skin imperfections on your face and hands.
I'll continue to use for the occasional trouble spot.
937	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Jane Iredale products!  Excellent quality and they last for a long time so no need to be a frequent buyer.
1086	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was excited to try this Dermablend setting powder.  I used Dermablend products in the past with great results.  This powder went on nicely, giving good coverage and most importantly, looks natural.  It kept my foundation set all day and I have combination skin.  The powder puff that comes with it worked really well at applying the powder but I was picking fiber strands off my face after applying with it!  I will use this with a powder brush from now on.

Water (Aqua), C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Cetyl Alcohol, Sorbitan Stearate, Glyceryl Stearate, Glycerin, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Glycolic Acid, PEG-100 Stearate, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Benzophenone-3, Butylene Glycol, Dimethicone, Dipalmitoyl Hydroxyproline, Disodium EDTA, Panthenol, Propylene Glycol, Sodium PCA, Sodium Hyaluronate, Sodium Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, Symphytum Officinale Leaf Extract, Wheat Amino Acids, Butylparaben, Ethylparaben, Methylparaben, Phenoxyethanol, Propylparaben, Fragrance (Parfum), Blue 1 (CI 42090), Yellow 5 (CI 19140).
6909	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i have long been skeptical of facial products. first this, then that. and you have to use the product for so many weeks. well, this stuff leaves my face feeling clean in a very healthy way. i think my nerves like the results. it's also easy to apply.
1895	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this polish. This is my second bottle and it is perfect. It arrived very fast and has been worn several times on my fingers and toes.
 COMPOSITION - FIL Code : B3591/3
Coola protects my face without leaving my skin greasy.  It allows my makeup to go on smoothly.
Composition and effectiveness: Many of the ingredients are organic and nature-based, which is a big selling point for me compared to many of the drugstore and department store products. The ingredients include antioxidants that should help prevent signs of aging. Experiences are very subjective, but I will try to update this as I use this product over time.
This would probably be a 3 star product for me EXCEPT for the fact that I love the color so much, which -- for me -- is reason to bump it up to 4 stars.  (This is available in a mini/sample size so if you can get ahold of one of the smaller tubes, you can try it first to see if it's for you without shelling out more than $20 for a full-sized product.)  The longer I've had this, and the more times I've worn it, the more I've liked it.  Now my original tube is almost gone.  (I rarely finish off makeup products so that's saying something.)
3357	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color!
The narrow compact opens easily, and has a mirror which, despite its small-ish size, allows a good view of the entire face. (The compact can also be attached to other Jouer products, via a "snap-together" system.)
4531	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used this product several times.  It clears my pores and does not have a manly smell.  It's a very nice feeling mask and does not take forever to fully dry.  I put it on my entire face and allowed it to dry while I was reading magazines.  I had an easy time removing the product and it did not gunk up my sink with dried up product because as it hit the water it thinned out and drained easily. I've had this problem with some sugar scrubs and face masks before. (Note: this is not a sugar scrub.
662	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like how this product works.  I have very oily skin and prone to breakouts.  Used common sense when first starting this product and applied twice a week.  I now can apply it more when needed.  I did not have any drying of the skin.  I did use it in moderation.
238	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice nude color. Easy to apply for a fast home manicure.
For what it's worth, I had looked at Art Of Shaving, L'Occitane, and Kiehls before making this purchase. I would recommend trying this, as it is competitively priced and made with quality ingredients; but don't expect to be blown away when a dime-sized amount doesn't cover your face in a thick foamy lather as other reviewers suggested.
6170	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have used this for one week and find it to work very well.  I have sensitive skin and have to be very careful about what I use.  This has caused no problems.  It is a very small bottle and is higher than some other very good moisture's.  It is also much less that other very pricy ones and does as good a job.
Only negative? Have you tasted this stuff? If you kiss your little one's cheek after rubbing it on your lips will be bitter. Feel bad she has it on her hands and then jams them in her mouth.
602	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love anything from Jane Airedale and this eyeshadow is no exception. The color on this grey shadow is lighter than it appears in the online photo. Still happy with my purchase!
Cons:
6118	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	it was a gift and there are no complaints
3379	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	True to color. I was afraid it would be some mustard yellow, but it's a very "daisy" sort of yellow.
8633	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Simply put, this product is excellent. I'm black, and black people have thicker skin. Since this product has AHA, it allows other products to penetrate deeper into the skin. As a result of using this product, other products will work that much better. I received this on Wednesday and my skin is brighter, glowing and a lot smoother. I'm probably going to buy a second bottle. Excellent, excellent, excellent, etc.... :)

3012	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good lotion for dry skin. It is fragrance-free and goes on nicely - not too thick, not too thin, and non-oily.
As with all Billy Jealousy or Jack Black products, it's pricey. But also like these products, the price is mitigated a lot by the fact that you need so little of it with each use. So, although it's probably 2-3 times the cost of lesser brands, you use less, so the price, while still probably a bit more, is not as bad as you would think. Certainly, if you like specialty washes, give this a try.
Thanks for offering this great product at a great price!
It comes in bottles and a tube that are practical in size, shape and use.
6048	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a huge Mario Badescu fan and this cream doesn't disappoint. I have normal to dry skin. My skin still feels nice and moisturize in the morning when I wake up.
I especially like the no-rinse cleansing water. We had him at a picnic in the park where we didn't have access to running water. He spit up all over himself and the cleansing water did a great job of cleaning him up and left him smelling clean.
It's expensive but last a long time. I don't think the delivery system is very efficient though. You definitely waste product dispensing it - there's no way around it and at that price it's annoying but nonetheless it's lasting quite sometime.
2987	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	this is supposed to be medium and it's not it is very dark and it looks as though someone has already used it. I am not normally allergic to Laura Geller's products but I am on this one. I purchased the Laura Geller regular/medium and it is not dark at all and I did not feel the itching the moment I tried it on. don't know the difference but their is and I would not recommend this product at all.
624	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My dermatologist recommended Jane Iredale due to my sensitive skin. No issues at all

2854	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best makeup concealer on the market!  I won't be able to do without it!
6113	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin and have a hard time finding the right cleansing or moisturizing products that don't irritate my fair complexion. A salesperson at my local cosmetic store recommended Mario Badescu's Kera Moisturizer and I've been happily using it for a couple of months. So, I decided to try the Seaweed Cleanser and see if that works too. It does!
1030	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a high quality Mustela gel, shampoo and lotion set packaged in a blue and white box that has a magnetic flap fold-over that can be used to store other items once you have removed the items.
6741	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	One of the draws for this iron is the static control for fine hair. It simply isn't true. I had lots of static issues with it and at this price, expected more.
Gentle....removes my make-up without drying my face.  Leaves my face lightly moisturized.
1168	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Has the only recomended product to get rid of dark spots and scars,  it has worked great on my age spots but I haven't. Seen a dramatic difference in scars.
7650	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice product.  I use a tiny brush to press a small bit on the center of my eyelid.  A little definitely goes a long way!
2183	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Not worth the money or claim. Tried a lot from this line and all the products are disaplionting. Especially for the claim of less chemicals which are actually in them.

Do, as other reviewers stated, read the instructions and apply it as instructed.  In fact, apply it more liberally if you have really bad nails like me.  I put on a new coat every other day.  Sometimes I leave a coat on over a week since it still looks good and thick.  Also, feel free to apply extra in between if you chip a nail or some of the polish wears down or comes off!  It'll help your bad nails continue to grow.  If I feel the tips starting to wear down, I'll liberally put on extra.  Also, I don't recommend taking the polish off your nails and then taking a shower (running a finger through your hair) as your nails won't magically get better underneath (not that I've seen yet). Make sure you remove and reapply in the same setting.
There is a con though.  The name is misleading calling it an 'herbal' hydrating serum.  I took this to mean it was a more natural product with more herbs, herb distillations in it.  Here is the ingredient list:Aqua (Water,Eau),Glycerin,Propylene Glycol,Dimethicone,Carbomer,Gingko Biloba Leaf Extract,Panax Ginseng Root Extract,Triethanolamine,Dimethiconol,Caprylyl Glycol,Cyclopentasiloxane,Ethylhexyl Cocate,Hexylene Glycol,Sodium Chloride,Phenyl Trimethicone,Glycolipids, Lecithin,Phenoxyethanol,CI 42090 (Blue 1),CI 19140 (Yellow 5)
4363	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works far better than any mousse I'd used previously.  Really great for giving body and fullness to my baby-fine hair.  I generally don't like the feel of 'product' in my hair, and this product is no exception, but well worth tolerating when I want my hair to look its best.
TEXTURE
If you are unsure about what shades will best suit you, go to the Dermablend website, which will help you choose. I am in the middle spectrum, which ranges from 30-40 warm.
In the sun.
While this product did not irritate my skin, I found no benefit for this pricey offering.
722	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	it keeps it in place but does rub off if you lay your head.
3722	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent in all respects.  Goes on comfortably, even with a slight foam. Have used the product for about 8 years.
4301	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a good, gentle cleanser that works well on the oily section of my face/combination skin. It's better in the morning or days when I don't wear make-up, though, I'll need something to help with the days I do wear it (for the mascara and eyeliner), but it's good otherwise, leaves my face feeling nice and clean without drying it out and helps during those times when I notice I trend toward some breakouts.
6093	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have purchased Mario Badescu products in the past.
This contains apple cider vinegar, so it *does* smell like vinegar when you first apply it.  The smell doesn't linger, though, more than a few minutes.  It's been less than an hour since I used it and I can't smell it at all any more.  So it's perfectly OK to use in the morning before work!
4884	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Everything a person with acne prone skin would need in a box. When I started using Mario Badescu, I forgot about any topical medicaments and no more excessive spending on dermatologist visits.
7458	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used the sampler in a small tube  sephrioa
710	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It works great, I love it
* Solid Warrantee
Being in a jar, it is a pain to use.


5389	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Be sure to follow the directions - it works
8358	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This mask smells really bad but it works really well.  I use it once a week.
5013	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Girlfriend loves it for foot massages.

If you are going to use this, I would suggest that you avoid using it for special occasions when you know you will have photos taken that really matter to you or video that has bright intense light because you might be disappointed.  I am not sure if this company makes a version without sunscreen or not, but that would be a better choice for those special occasions where photos and video will be an issue.
7898	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Quick fix for an uneven and terrible haircut! I received a very bad student haircut that went from medium full to shorter than military with exposed scalp. I stumbled across this stuff on Amazon and bought a competitors as well. This one worked well but was actually enhanced by the other one. This was mostly because the other was a shade different in color and combined created a more natural result. My hair was shorter in one side than the other and the student actually took a 'chunk' out. I looked terrible! This stuff actually created the illusion. Of an even look and concealed my visible scalp while my hair is growing back. It is worth a try! Hair spray makes it stick and once dry will not transfer. Step 1. Shake over your washed, dried, and styled, hair like you are sifting in a back and forth motion. Step 2. Pat gently but firmly into place. Step 3. Wipe any product off your forehead, ears, neck and be prepared to do it again. Step 4. Seal it with a mist of quality hair spray ( you do not need theirs!!). Paul Mitchell Freeze and Shine worked great!
6393	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first product by Mario Badescu I tried and it's amazing!  Makes my face feel great!  Highly recommend it.
687	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really good shampoo in my opinion. Gets ride of the residue from clays or creams. Pair this with the conditioner and boy does my hair become smoooooth! Great work Baxter!
9534	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Whew - although this took nearly a month to arrive, it was worth the wait! This nice sized bottle of clearing cleanser comes with an easy to use and convenient pump...that actually works well. It has a light fragrance that is rather 'zesty'...somewhat like citrus but not exactly. The actual cleanser itself is not exactly watery but very thin  - don't apply too much. My first use resulted in an extra extra clean scrub as it took awhile to remove  the two 'pump' amount from my face. Start small - a little goes a very long way! Leaves skin feeling refreshed, non oily, very clean but not overly dry.
This is definitely a staple product.
8675	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this cleansing cream, smells great.
8608	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this oil.  It keeps nails and polish in great shape.
7563	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I am trying Vichy products and I think they now have a new fan. This Hydration Cream is thick and rich but not greasy at all. Every bit of it absorbed into my skin and it really feels soft. I could do without the fragrance in a face cream but it is a nice scent.
5374	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have ruddy, red skin from years of plucking and waxing hair off of my neck. I used a silicone applicator to put this on. It is green at first but quickly blends in and helps tone down the redness quite a bit. It also feels very light, so it is great for those of us who do not like to wear foundation or makeup at all. I worked out at the gym wearing it and it did not smear or run.
6407	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Makes my skin feel dry and itchy
8909	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This facia spray is amazing ! I use it as a toner and for my dry skin it really works !!
3054	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was a loyal Cetaphil user for 15 years. I never thought that I would find a product I like better. But I did. I switched to Toleriane after seeing it recommended for rosacea sufferers.
I am returning this, and would not purchase this again. I also don't like the vendors return policy of return within 7 days of purchase, less restocking fee. The return time expires before the product is received, Ridiculous.
8125	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product - no doubt about it. I have another review for a different phyto product which I switched to - the growth serum. This is great for hair density and growth which is why I originally purchased it. I know that the product is marketed for diminishing grays but I color my hair often and its difficult to assess the impact its had for that.

8329	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this eye cream. It doesn't irritate my sensitive skin and feels like satiny, silly sheets for your eyes. Great for everyday use and to use in combo with the Cellufirm Drops.
I tested quickly, but in general is a good product and its quality is wonderful ..
8177	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Doubtful of authenticity think it's fake
UPDATE: This moisturizer still works great after using a few weeks.  I've also noticed a decrease in the fine lines that were starting to form on my face without using my normal age defying product of which I had run out recently.  I guess my skin was drier than I thought before using this product, and maybe that was what was causing the lines.  I'm happy to be saving money by only needing one product.  I will definitely buy in the future.
Small amount gently applied
5999	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the smell, it leaves my skin feeling fresh and soft!
2489	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing color.  I love it.
This works fabulously; it is creamy and it stays put; it is smart just as the LOreal Dermablend Professional Cover Crme, because it has that strength of sunscreen that my dermatologist recommends, even as I am in my home, shades drawn, as my dermatologist has warned about.  I have already sun damage under my right eye where there is a dark spot.  This covers very well, looks flawless with or without other products, yet it works synergistically with the wonderful LOreal Dermablend Pro line. I have it in a tan color, and I would have thought since I usually use lighter shades of concealers that it would not have looked so perfect with my medium skin. Lovely. Plus 1,000%, and very smart.
5046	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love love love this!
3093	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. You won't be sorry!
It smooths on easily and absorbs into the skin quickly. My face felt moisturized and soft many hours after application. I was able to apply foundation over the lotion and I had no problem with peeling or stickiness. The texture was dewy and comfortable.
5950	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I have used this polish and really like it .would buy again stays on long
So, with Noxzema Menthol effectively gone for Americans, M + G is a worthy substitute.
9328	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it, I used it when I finish to blow dry my hair, is the best!!!
8478	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect, non-irritating, smoothing. It's exactly what I was looking for to smooth the texture of the skin around my eyes. Not so much for wrinkles, but for overall texture, which seemed a bit drier and rougher than it used to be. I'm alternating it with a peptide product and it's doing what I hoped it would and not causing any problems. For my sensitive skin and for $20, that's a very good deal. I'll probably get the MB glygolic moisturizer to go with it.
Although I do not believe that this serum has had a permanent age-reversing effect on my skin, as a temporary measure, it works very well. The one thing I don't particularly like about this serum is that my face feels sticky after application, which is slightly unsettling. But this does not interact with my moisturizer, primer or foundation makeup, so it's just a mild inconvenience. Overall, for this price (which is slightly below the upper market products on Sephora), this is a decent addition to one's skin care regimen, though I do not feel that the effects are long-lasting, so you should consider that before you purchase.

I like to mix it with any wash that contains exfoliating beads to really get a clean feel.  Then you can use even less of this product and get the same menthol effect.
Oh, and for you Vegans out there - this has no animal byproducts.  The stearic acid in Proraso is plant derived (Proraso customer service replied to my inquiry).

5192	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This cream is an excellent hydrator.  I need something that works this well during the winter when my hands and elbows dry out like sandpaper.  I tiny dab is all you need and the effectiveness lasts a long time.  I find that using it twice per day is about all that I need.  The jar is very tiny - it almost looks like a sample but since you only use a little this should last at least a month.
3492	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I ordered Don't Bossa Nova Me Around. It's not the color I was expecting - in yellow light it's a creamy brown and in bright light it almost has a lilac tint to it. However, application was flawless. Totally opaque and beautiful with a single coat.
4198	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love all of my PCA skin products, was recommended to me by the woman that does my facials and it's made a huge difference in my skin. LOVE it!!

4871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Light, but still good coverage.
After using this religiously morning and night, I can honestly say I'm seeing results.  Not only does the skin under my eyes LOOK better, it FEELS better, firmer, smoother, less crepe like and more like a baby's bottom.  The fine lines look softer already, so I'm excited to see what results continued use will provide me.  There's been no irritation, no eye swelling or puffiness that a lot of creams have given me, and no issues with the cream traveling up into my eyes and ruining a pair of contacts.
804	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this daily after showering.  Great product and appreciate the SPF 25 it provides.
9387	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Someone was totally right that it looks like foundation. I wanted a nude with a light pink tint and this is NOT it.
8731	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wish I had heard about this product earlier. Since about 11, I have been on a mission for something that helps all the red dots and bumps on my body, gently cleanses, is ok for my sensitive skin, and that I can use daily. This is it. Being a product junky and having been disappointed many times over the years, I can actually say this is hands down, the best body wash I have ever used.
3973	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  It works sooooo well.  It really sets your makeup and looks great.  Leaves a nice finish on your face.  works very well!  A little goes a long way, so this will last a very long time.  Great product.
* Have a reliable thermostat which apparently is essential, who knew?
2248	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This stuff is great.  I use it on my sensitive skin and on my toddler's eczema-prone skin.  It's pretty thin, but plenty moisturizing.  It's also a bit greasy for awhile.  I prefer the lipid replenishing cream, which is amazing.
2330	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product.  This has been the worst winter--- ultra cold, windy-- rough on the skin.  This is a PERFECT product, well packaged , and a nice 4oz size. Oil-free, too!
5615	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my Favorite products!!
I find the results to be that my skin feels firmer.  I'm going to continue use because I do feel the benefits are there and it's such an easy process.
9079	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great price and good quality item.
1367	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff!
Slow drying and no shine at all. No point of using this for top coat!
6317	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great light weight moisture!
Enter Baxter.  I haven't heard of this brand before, but I was impressed by the packaging.  The thick glass container felt nicely weighted and high quality.  The tight fitting screw-on cap was nice too.  Upon application, the pomade felt like a thicker Vaseline.  Hold/grip were excellent, lasting throughout the day.  Yet, the pomade did not feel greasy and washed away very easily in the shower.
9088	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have thick wavy hair and this iron works great for me. It gets really hot and does a wonderful job of smoothing out my waves and adding nice soft curl to my hair. I was on the fence about whether to purchase this product or the Chi brand curling iron. I love my Chi flat iron and was worried I would not get similar results with this brand. I'm so very glad I went with the Hot Tools brand. The price is significantly cheaper but the results are equal.
6926	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this.  Will never be without.

For me, it works great.  It is one of my favorite all times anti-aging creams, and in general, I really enjoy the VICHY brand.  This does not pill, and it goes on and spreads well, and absorbs well and it leaves my skin feeling overall moist, with just a tad of a natural-like oily feeling, not greasy, but like my skin was when I was younger instead of being parched all the time like it is now that I am 50.

1618	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my very favorites!!
Highly recommended. Like I said I just bought 3  more of these pencils and 2 more of the lip balms in buff I like them so much.
It's safe for babies, children, and obviously adults.
So with that in mind, I chose Yellow Beige Chroma 1 1/2 for my face. It has that yellow undertone that looks best with my skin.
9231	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I apply this to any spot whether a little "bump" or bug bite. It seems to draw out the inflammatory fluid & hasten healing. I've used several bottles through the years.
The glass jar adds to the high-end feel of this product. That also makes it easy to recycle, which I really like.
776	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My girlfriend has been using this foundation and she likes the consistency and the feeling of it on her face while wearing it. She said it blends in with her skin tone well and feels its moisturizing benefits.
6362	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	it is much convenient for me to shopping on amazon. It is really good and cheap.
6494	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love LAFCO candles. The hand blown glass is beautiful and their fragrances are amazing. Long burning. My only wish is they had a refill.
5763	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great shampoo. really great for dry, thin hair. I have alot of hair, but it is fine, and it is hard to find a hair product that keeps my hair moisturized. love this shampoo, but it will burn your eyes. tingles when you use it.


1316	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Toppick Hair Building Fibers fill in the thinning areas on my scalp. It looks very natural, and others comment that my hair looks thiicker.
2647	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Tocade is a EDT from Rochas, a perfume house founded in France in the 1920s-but this scent came out in 1994. To me this is a heady mix of rose and vanilla and amber -it lasts for ages and ages and the rose doesn't smell dusty or old. (Yes, I know rose can scare some people). It also has notes of magnolia but really, what you smell are rose, vanilla and amber. I read the composition and maybe there are other green scents-I've read Lily of the valley mentioned-but I don't smell it.

1344	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	shows like I have put dried mustard in my hair. After a couple of hours, it's gone. Will not try again.
636	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used JI loose powder for about 3 years love the product and so does my skin.
There are dozens of colors; the names give no clue to the color, so you have to rely on your monitor to give you accurate color info. The brand website does have color descriptions, so you might want to pick your shade there (or at the make up counter) and come back here for your refills.
9814	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Outstanding shave soap that face-lathers effortlessly. Just a simple fresh scent which is great; much more subtle than the menthol blast you get from the Proraso green (also a stellar soap). This soap seems to really condition your skin. I've often finished my shaves with a wet alum block followed by a cold water rinse and I was good to go. No need for a after shave balm...it's that good.
Pre shave : hot shower, Proraso pre shave cream green (I did a detailed review of this on Amazon feel free to check it out!)
164	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE OPI!
I hope you try it and put your own review up about what a difference it made for you!
5286	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite sunscreen! Goes on very light and even.  I use this for biking and jogging outside.  Not sure how it would be in the water. This is my second order.
5813	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my new favorite toothpaste. I suffer from dry mouth from medication. Normal toothpaste makes my mouth so dry and dry mouth toothpaste tastes horrible. I love the way Ginger Mint tastes and I love the way it makes my mouth feel. I also got Cinnamon Mint but I definitely like this one better!

5287	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Active Ingredients
2815	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A long time fan of DE razors, for my money Merkur just can't be beat. The Futur is the only one in the line to feature a modern look - it looks gorgeous in Chrome, the plating gleams beautifully and it shaves just as well as it looks. The razor is unique in a number of ways. It's drop dead gorgeous contemporary design may not be for everyone but I find it a welcome addition to the more old fashioned designs of my other razors.
7885	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I got this in light brown.  I have slight hair loss from a medication I was taking, at my crown.  This looks like dirt, & sucks the shine from my hair wherever it falls.  The color is not even remotely brown or light brown.  More grayish black brown. I gave it 2 stars because I like the shake it on container.


You may be a "newbie" or a "beginner" with double edge, but you are not a child. This may be the last razor you need. But I know it won't stop you from having several, guys like to have a "collection" (or a fleet, as the case may be).
2952	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Ive been using this for a few weeks.  Im not really a fan.  The grit is WAY too large.  Ive used several other brands of face scrub.  Some have a lot of grit. . . . some not so much. . . but Ive never used one that had such large girt as this.  Its simply uncomfortable.
The moisturizer does appear to do a good job of keeping skin in better condition. I have fine lines on my forehead and around my eyes and a good moisturizer will minimize them (at least temporarily). This did that job admirably, though not as well as products designed specifically to "tighten" older skin (like some Oil of Olay products). However, it was better than any of the other products that I have used regularly before (aforementioned body lotions and hyaluronic acid creams). Note that I used this twice a day (as the jar recommends) in very spare amounts. An application in the morning and at night seemed to do me well.
The product I'd most brag about...the Vitamin C Serum....it keeps me looking much younger than I am and is the most effective product I've ever tried for keeping my Melasma at bay. When I ran out of the last bottle the spots came back slowly but surely and much darker..a true test of its efficiency. I highly recommend all MB products...they give you excellent results for a great price.
2434	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This dryer is really heavy and normally I would say it is too heavy. However, I have been working out my guns lately and seem to handle the weight better than I would have in the past. I have now used my dryer twice with the smoothing nozzle on it. I have fine hair, but a lot of it. It is also naturally curly and I use the dryer to straighten my locks. My hair dried pretty quickly, but what really surprised me was how much smoother my hair looked and felt with this dryer versus my cheapie ceramic drier. My hair is noticeably smoother,  and I love that this has a cold setting rather than just a cold shot button. It makes cooling the strands and setting the style so much easier!

I definitely plan on using this lotion all winter long.
I would recommend this exfoliating scrub if you don't mind paying the price for it.
7042	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great gentle scrub. Smells great and the texture is smooth and nice. This doesn't strip your face raw. I use this daily, its just a nice gentle scrub. My face and neck are smooth and non irritated from this product. I'm 53 and I love anything from Mario Badescu.
6820	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE MARIO BADESCU SKIN CARE. This dying lotion is an all time favorite of mine.



2984	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am over 60 and have a lot of redness in my face.  This is a very good cover for daily wear.  It helps neutralize the redness (not 100 percent, but well).  It is light and does not cake.  The "marble" mixture of colors works well, does not look yellow, and can be worn alone or with blush, etc.
7976	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product
grape
Overall, I'm sad to say I can't recommend this cleanser.
6657	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	OK
This full-coverage foundation is smooth, easy to apply and gives complete coverage with just a very, very tiny amount. It comes with a paddle for mixing colors, but use it with a gentle touch, as just a simple swipe of the finger across the surface of the creme produced complete, opaque coverage on my hand (see image attached - the darkest color by the thumb). I used the Cafe Brown in the image I provided. It gives a satiney finish that is easy to layer with other blush and highlights. It has an almost undetectable fragrance, and produces no irritation on my very sensitive skin. Truly excellent product.

3199	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best shampoo ever. Great smell, gentle on hair. Great value because you use so little at a time.
I'm not suggesting that this cream needs to be used 3 times per day, but once my hands got manageable using this product once before bedtime with white cotton gloves was alI I needed to reap the obvious benefits of Shea Butter.

This uneasy ingredient list, along with no visible results except for the dry, stinging eyes, makes me happier to just do without BOC right now.  It was a nice-to-have that was nice to try, but ultimately it might not be so nice to Earth and animals.  Humans included.
3733	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My sister lives in Europe where everyone thinks this product is fantastic. I take so much stuff it is hard to know what's doing what. I'm taking it for now because my hair is growing again. Why that is I'm not sure but these are harmless and might be helping
2049	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I guess I should have read the reviews before I ordered, this polish has absolutely no shine! It looks terrible, hate it!!!
This is my first time using a Juice Beauty product, and I'm impressed. Moisturizing is a twice a day standard in my routine. I always put on Bobbi Brown's eye moisturizer, and Aveeno's Daily Moisturizer with SPF under my foundation. However, I also now need to up my moisturizer for the brutally drying winter months, and this organic Green Apple antioxidant light moisturizer has already done several things very well.
One last word regarding the price.  It's $13.50.  Big deal!  That's a measly $13.50 to have sparkling white teeth and fresh breath.  It'll last you a couple of months.  It may be more than what you normally spend on toothpaste, but dental hygiene is a big deal!

6980	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm pretty impressed with this serum so far. It's loaded with great ingredients, and I love that it's all natural and organic. Also, I *love* that they do not test on animals. I have fairly sensitive skin, and I noticed no irritation when putting this on (even around my eye area!). It's light, absorbs quickly, and has a very mild scent. This is my first foray into Juice Beauty products, and I now want to check out other items they offer.

773	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this foundation! You can barely tell your wearing makeup and it's easily builds for light to full coverage! And it's last all day!
9443	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Seems to be helping my lashes get fuller and longer.
5358	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For many years, I've wondered how my hair stylist makes it look so easy when she's blowdrying my hair.  I'd watch her technique and try to mimic it at home, but it was never the same.
8627	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Billy Jealousy's LiquidSand face scrub is by far my favorite face scrub I've used to date. One of the better exfoliators on the market, I've used this product several times a week for the last year. My face has never been clearer or as clean, and I look forward to continued use!
For the last several years I've been using deodorants rather than anti-perspirants. There are several reasons why I've done this but the primary reason was I do not want to use a product containing aluminum anymore because of the links to alzheimers disease that numerous studies have indicated. I was also interested in not trying to alter my bodies natural ability to perspire. Antiperspirants essentally block the pores from being able to sweat.
5437	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm middle-aged and still have breakouts. (Will it ever end?) I've found through the years that salicylic acid seems to be the product that helps my complexion the most. The Obagi Clenziderm contains 2% salicylic acid, which is the strongest version I've seen OTC. It makes my face so clean and the menthol gives a cooling sensation. I won't use this daily because it can be a little drying. I will definitely use it a few times a week to keep my skin clear. It works fast. Recommended
Highly recommend!
5498	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The polish is okay but the brush separated from the cap the second time I opened it.  Now the black cap twists off and I have to use an instrument or pliers to remove the brush from the polish.


6807	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A necessity for random breakouts!!

824	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Ok- I'm gonna "tell it like it is"
9238	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Will get rid of redness within a few hours. Doesn't always get rid of the acne but always tones down the redness.
I have used Sephora's Eyebrow Kit (which comes with stencils and two blendable shades) which I love, but this pencil is easier to use and more portable.
4147	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this sunscreen when I play tennis.  I love the way it smells, but the best thing about it is that it is non toxic.  I won't use anything else.  Well worth the price!
I use setting powder because I have the fairest skin there is. I can never find anything at the drugstores or stores that carry the light shade I need. My routine, I wash my face with soap. I then use an astringent on it. I then use an oil free serum. Then I place a thin light oil free foundation on. I let it sit for a few minutes then apply the setting powder. After, I wait another few minutes and finish with a light pressed powder. I then leave the house with the pressed powder and use it as needed through the night but am usually told my face is flawless. It took me a long time to figure out what steps to take and what products.
9061	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It was the size I needed, heats up fast and gives long hair full wavy curls. Good value for the price. My naturally straight hair does not hold the curl for very long but this tool does what is expected and is easy to use. I also like that it is gold in color!
As for the products they were very nice. For this review I tested them along with my husband. My signif-other thought that the facial wash was a bit drying --but it has been a harsh winter, so this might be fine for summer. The toner reminded me of all the less expensive toners that I've purchased for my daughter and myself. It's translucent blue and minty.
4585	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you are going to use any heat on your hair -- blow dryer -- hair iron -- you should first coat your hair with this product.  It will protect your hair and give you great body and shine.  I use it even when I don't use heat on my hair.  It gives my hair a silky smooth feel..  Love it.
4118	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great cover of thin edges! Product works well!
9869	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Merkur 34C has been my favorite razor for a while.  I appreciate the elegant and utilitarian design.  The 37C is of a very similar design with the exception of the slanted (I think torqued is a better term) head.
9722	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm not a huge wearer of fragrance. The last time I bought perfume was way back when Cherry Vanilla was popular about 15 years ago and I still have some left. And it smells just as good today as it did the day I bought it. I am very sensitive to fragrances. Especially cloyingly sweet or musky fragrances. If I am near someone wearing a strong musky fragrance, I have to move away or I will get nausea and a headache. I really hate when you can smell someone whi is a good 10 feet away from you and they smell like they have not showered byt instead layered perfume on them layer over layer over layer. Yuck. Not all fragrances bother me, though. I like light citrusy scents. And a light floral scent as long as it isn't too heavy.
4625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I tried this moisturizer on my face. It feels very light and it goes on pretty smoothly leaving my skin feeling soft without feeling greasy. Having said that, I personally am not too fond of the green apple scent especially on my face. I do like the idea that it's organic and and according to the package, it has an antioxidant rich juice base. I would consider this moisturizer either unscented or with a different or more subtle scent. Regardless, I think it's a good product.
3334	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been doing my nails (not a salon, ME), since I was a kid. I'm middle-aged now, and after trying all sorts of brands, from the cheap to the high-end pricey ones, I've concluded that OPI is the best.
9652	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lip plumper is a lightweight and lasting product. The color is great. The Jane Iredale  product line speaks for itself for quality. This seller sells this product at an economical price. I would order from this seller again..
1963	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love everything about Essie this just ahppens to be my favorite color. Goes on nice, Comes off nice and last about a week or two depending how applied.
7565	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	this product, a brand and part of L'Or&eacute;al, is a moisturizing cream that purports to provide nearly two days of hydration for your skin - as we get older it is important to keep our skin healthy - for a number of reasons - we're not going to look any younger by using this product, but we will look healthier because our skin will be healthier...

430	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is an awesome creme foundation. My favorite so far! It is a little darker than I anticipated, but that worked out well for me. You don't need to use much to get good coverage, this way it also doesn't look caked on. Very natural look. I wear this all day long without reapplying too. Love that this covers up all my blemishes!!
2292	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best makeup ever . I will never use anything else.

2542	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Feels good and goes on smooth. Has a nice scent, but it goes away quickly. Downside is that it is pricey
2668	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Advertised as "intense" I would have to agree.
5463	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wife loves it
3299	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	excellent product, very good quality, I recommend
3921	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This product was a waste of money.  I have not seen any improvement in my nails after using this formula.  I will not buy it again.  It is far too expensive to deliver such poor results.
I really do like the color. Having brown skin it's not exactly nude but a nice neutral color with a hint of sparkle to break up the monotony. The application reminded me a lot of the Chanel bottle I have. Not just the removable top cover, but the fact that it brushes on neatly. You won't end up with too much on the brush, minimizing clean up and product waste.
Have not been able to use liquid eyeliners, despite claims of being appropriate for my own eyes.
For that price, one would expect a long lasting scent and in that aspect it disappoints. It still smells lovely tho...
3) Billy Jealousy Super Slick Shave Cream
8321	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I loved the color of this nail polish when I first bought it.  However, after applying two coats it was a disastrous mess.  The ending result was thick, streaky and looked as if I applied 5 coats.  When dried it was so unattractive, it had to be removed straight away.  Not worth $14.00!
UPDATE ON 3/28/13:  I've been using this since last August, and it really does make your color last a lot longer.  In fact, I've noticed that it takes a good four weeks for my base color to fade enough to see my highlights since this does such a good job of keeping the color on your hair.  It's a great product!


5149	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	CHI hands down is the best leave in treatment I have ever used . My only regret us not knowing about this product sooner.  I put just a dime size amount in the palm of my hand and then rub it into freshly washed and conditioned hair.  I am very pleased with CHI and I cannot imagine ever using another product.
5517	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's Okay.

3287	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great clay product. I've actually had difficulty finding a product that I liked (gels, clays, waxes, etc.). Since I've purchased this one, I've only been using this. I usually use it to spike my hair, but it also gives a good slicked back/to the side look. I use the product with my hair slightly wet, but it also does a great job with dry hair. You get a lot of good definition with this.
HOW DOES THIS CLEANSING SOAP PERFORM?

4962	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product is old school masculine.  First, it does the job.  The soap does a great job of cleaning and for a small bar doesn't dissolve quickly.  The scent is a cross between old time barbershops and my grandfather's pipe.  I love it.
I would have given this a 5 star review if it were just as good as potent as the conditioner it replaced, the abba Moisture Scentsation, but it is still great.
4151	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this brand. It leaves my baby's sensitive skin soft and smelling good without irritation.
7225	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This foundation base applies beautifully and can easily provide fuller coverage if desired.  I like it because I don't look "made-up" after applying it.  Highly recommend!!
The pre-shave oil is thicker than I would have guessed, about the same viscosity as 60 weight gear oil.  It does smell nice (lavender and some kind of spice).  The oil goes on well if you spread a nickel-sized blob onto your hands and then onto your beard.


3736	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice feeling on skin
6646	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	easy to use
8140	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like La Roche-Posay's products.  This is a very good foam cleanser that cleans with out leaving your face feeling dry. I recently bought Noble Formula Zinc bar soap and I LOVE it. It  also cleans very well with out drying I will be using both.
9023	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	PERFECT!
8354	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great Night Cream!
7706	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for a very long time and can highly recommend it. However be careful where you purchase from. Do not pay for a 0.5oz. That is a free sample size!!!!!
5936	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this nail polish.  was impressed it didn't have the bad stuff.  In fact,  I recently found out their nail lacquers are formulated without carcinogens.  I guess in the US we allow it but in the UK they don't. The polish color is true to what's in the bottle and it lasts long.  I would say it lasts about 5 days which is two days longer than what I usually wear.  This Royal Navy color looks amazing on your fingernails and on your toes.
7250	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have used it for a year, first time buyng form Amazon.  Although it appears a little lighter than the Doctor's office, it's still seems to be pretty much the same product.  The price is right.
This lip pencil is very pigmented and goes on smoothly and easily. It's great as a lip liner, but I don't care for it for all-over color. I tried the wine shade as a lipstick and it is very matte and drying. Topping it with lip balm or gloss took off the color in some areas and made the whole thing look patchy.
Plus, I should add this important note: M + G offers as close and invigorating a shave as the famous Kiehl's White Eagle cream, but M + G has one clear advantage: it rinses much easier and cleaner from the razor.
4839	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this stuff I mean it has finally set me free from having to shower EVERY morning.  Let me stress that I have tried so many other dry shampoos and it did not help or made my hair feel gross.  I bought this the first time to give a try when I was traveling for almost 24hrs my hair would get so oily and a little bit of this was all I needed.  I have dark hair and the powder is white so yes if you use a lot you can see it a little bit, however if you take a few min to work it in you cant see it anymore!  It is a little pricey but for me it is well worth it, I NEVERRRR thought I would be able to go a day or 2 without washing my hair and looking disgusting and was so jealous of all my friends who were able to do that but now I can! Saves me so much time in the morning not having to blow dry and style every day.  It's a really light weight powder and almost has a bit of grit in the powder which makes my hair feel clean and freshened while giving it lift.  In my opinion this is what makes it better then any other because it does more then soak up oil.
8119	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this pencil. goes on like silk and stays put! a must in my makeup arsenal.

3763	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The dermatologist recommended this for me. It is good for my very sensitive skin. It is light and does not feel greasy but the zinc oxide gives an invisible barrier coat for protection from the sun's rays
- The cream has a light, supple texture than applies thinly and evenly.
Been using this for 2 weeks. No smell. Goes on smooth. Resolved a little dry splotchiness on my baby's face, but I've actually been using it on my dry adult hands and I like it. It's a similar result to a oil-based cream like an Aquaphor from Eucerin, but it's more like a lotion, and goes on less oily, and I prefer it in my quest for a good lotion.
8098	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Both this version and the water pomade remind me of my son's Butch Wax when he was a kid. A sticky waxy product that you put in his hair to hold his flat top straight up. They appear to have that micro glitter in them or something that makes them sort of silvery. If I had time, I'd work the Slick pomade through my hair bit by bit, I think it would work great for definition and curl. But I don't, I use it for the front of my hair that tends to get very frizzy. It works for that and works to hold some lift in the front section without the use of hairspray. Be forewarned that they assume you know how to use this product as it comes with zero instructions or suggestions. The ingredients are on a little folded label stuck to the bottom and so if you're not an experienced pomade user, look it up on the internet.
2896	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	use after Retin-A at night.  Great product.

Thermal water works wonders to balance the Ph of the skin, especially for sensitive skin. It can also be used to refresh the skin throughout the day. Some even use it to set their makeup because of the fine, even mist.
8267	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Only one complaint about this nail polish.  It doesn't last long on my finger nails.  The color is lovely, and is longer lasting on my toe nails.
8951	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So refreshing YOU NEED THIS IN YOUR LIFE. LOL. I love this stuff. I use it throughout the day to spruce up and give my skin some love.

9940	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Proraso shave cream with great success.  I purchased this "Soap in the Bowl" to support a recent vacation as I did not want to travel with my ceramic bowl.  This product provided a very comparable lather and since it was the same ingredients as the cream in the tube, I did not experience any break-outs as a result.  This is a must have for travel or for anyone not wanting to mess with the separates.
OVERALL: Ultimately the quality of your shave will depend on the quality of your razor and your expertise at handling it. The pre-shave and after-shave oils will help, especially for those of us with sensitive skin, and the shaving cream is such a treat, but you still need to know what you're doing to have a great shave. I think all the products in this kit are as superior as I've ever used, but maybe not so much so that I'd be willing to pay the premium price on a regular basis. But with that being said, $30 a bottle really isn't THAT bad. Certainly women pay much more for tiny samples of lotion and creams. It's only fair that us men have our luxuries as well.
4752	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Jack Black shampoo now for over a year.  I switched to Jack Black when Nordstrom switched from Anthony line of products to the Jack Black line.  Best switch I ever made.  First off my hair is thick (I am 43 with a full set of hair) but always felt somewhat dry.  Also, I am embarrassed to admit that I would get flakes during the hot summer months.  Since I went to Jack Black my hair is shinier and feels softer and no flakes at all this summer.  Smells great and it is easy to get a nice lather.  Will continue to keep buying Jack Black as I am the age where keeping all of my hair intact and looking nice is important.
Even on dry skin, it feels gentle, but it does dry my face out some, but it's not like an acne wash- I can easily put a bit of moisturizer on after bathing and it prevents the drying effect.
1154	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I found this to be an excellent moisturizer/balancing cream for my oily, acne-prone skin. I only stopped using it because I could no longer afford this line, but I do recommend this highly..


So, this mixed bristle brush is for normal, finer, and shorter hair. I bought it for myself but my husband uses it; although I have short hair it is very thick and straight and coarse and the brush bristles won't reach all the way to my scalp, but slides over the top hairs. My husband loves it dearly though, and really enjoys using it himself, or as a special treat, allowing me to brush his hair. This makes the expense of a Mason Pearson brush well worth the money--it's a luxury item and the purchase is an investment--but it's worth it. If you're the type of person who would rather enjoy an evening at home having your hair brushed by your spouse instead of going to dinner and a movie, then you can justify the cost. That's how we did it :)

4368	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I used all 3 parts of this pevonia product and saw minimal results. Will not be repurchasing.
I have red tones in my hair and red is notorious for fading very quickly, so I'm hoping that this extends the vibrancy of my color.  Since I haven't used it for too long, I can't yet comment on its color-protecting abilities, but I will update my review as I use this more. For now, I love it!
It does a pretty good job of cleaning makeup off my face. I've only had trace amounts of makeup left after washing. You only need to use a little bit so this bottle is going to last a really long time.
4746	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've enjoyed using Jack Black True Volume Thickening Shampoo.  It smells nice - sorta fruity and sorta minty at the same time.  It's a clear formula, so there's no worries about dyes if that's a concern for you.  It's thick and it lathers really well.  It doesn't leave my hair feeling like straw, neither does it leave my hair feeling greasy.  When dry, my hair does look and feel full.  I can't testify about it keeping the scalp from flaking since I don't have that problem.  I like the fact that the shampoo is made with natural ingredients so I don't have to scrutinize the label for cancer causing "ates" and "ites".  I just don't know that the shampoo is worth the price.  It's definitely worth a try, though.
924	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Sticky, icky.
Edited to add: I used a standard make-up sponge to apply and had no problem.

I'm an African American male with thinning hair on the sides as well as top due to over processing my hair as a youth. It makes it difficult to get a nice even haircut and I can't where the low to bald styles since I have acne keloiditis around the rear hairline which causes hair loss and unattractive keloids. It's so embarrassing that I don't even like for people to stand behind me on the elevator. One day I discovered Toppik and although no one in the videos had my type of hair I thought what the hell, it's worth a try.
6282	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well, rough but not too rough. Skin feels fresh after using it. I have tried a lot of BJ's products with mixed results, but this is one of my favorite
9724	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very light and crisp fragrance that lasts a long time. My only complaint is about the bottle itself. It's a thick, angular, glass bottle that awkward to hold with one hand while pressing the atomizer. I almost dropped it twice trying to apply the cologne. Maybe in making the women's fragrance bottle mimic the man's they didn't take into account that ladies have smaller hands? I'm not petite by any means, but I find the bottle hard to handle. I end up using two hands to apply it. Awkward, but it works. The bottom line is it smells great and unlike many cheaper fragrances that seem to shift smell over the course of a day, this one remains true to it's original scent.
8412	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Super amazing face mask ,,,, just make your skin fresh , tight and glow in 20 mins
7371	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the MOST emollient foot cream I've ever tried.  I put this all over my body before bed and I wake up with silky skin and it smells great too!
Did it make her skin soft? Ummm sure, but it's not anything different than what I've used previously.
I'd have to see the colors in person to make a better match. I was way off.
2351	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Overall this "lip enhancer" is pretty good, but not particularly for enhancing my lips (I highly doubt the anti-aging properties as I don't notice any change after a month of daily usage); rather it is very conditioning and lasts a few hours before I need to reapply.
5845	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I knew that this product would not be without some tingling due to the acid, but I found it very uncomfortable. Also I did not find it very effective as well as it left my cuticles even drier than they were before.

Nevertheless, when I shaved I could feel my skin a lot smoother than before.  It might take some getting used to, but I can already tell the superior quality of this product.
2671	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Smells like the 70s.

2310	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This base polish works very well with any polish.  It helps protect the nails and keeps the polish from chipping longer.  This has a very light pink tint and does not take away from the polish color at all.
4493	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was afraid this might dry my skin too much or have the opposite effect of making me create more oil due to stripping it to control the oil.. you know how your skin over produces when you wash or dry it out too much. My skin actually feels good since I've been using it. It feels clean, but not stripped and not dry at all. It does have a scent, but it isn't strong at all and doesnt linger on the skin. I can tell it does help control the oil because usually when I wake up in the morning I can feel that sort of light covering of oil on my forehead especially. I don't have that anymore and I haven't experienced it randomly throughout the day like I used to, either. This may change some as we get into warmer weather, so we will see, but so far I do like it a lot.
4679	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Makes hands smooth without a touch of oil or grease
3336	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I love OPI nail polish and think it is worth every penny. Unfortunately, this lacquer remove works no better than the dollar store polish remover. I was very disappointed.
Give it a try!
2608	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this--it improves texture, but not color. Power of three cream is better.
9856	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	PCA Skin is a good skincare brand and I wanted to give this lip treatment a try. I live in a Denver where its super dry, especially in wintertime, so my lips are constantly cracked and peeling and dry. This lip treatment feels a lot like Vaseline going on with a nice minty flavor. It doesnt last very long even without eating or drinking. It is moisturizing but because it doesnt really last the effect is very temporary. Not worth the cost IMO.
Surprised and disappointed.
1634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the price on this and the quality of this brand polish is great. Stays on and is very true to color. I deep blood red!
Some reviewers, I noticed, slammed this product for containing parabens, which have been linked to cancer (like just about everything else on the planet).  If parabens are a concern of yours, there are alternatives you can seek out, like Burt's Bees products (supposedly).  Caveat emptor.
So, if I can see a positive change, and my FAMILY SEES a change, then good things are really happening!
3224	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	What did we every do before anonymous product reiews showed up on the web?
My only issue with the eye cream is that it has a slight odor.  It's not terrible, but it does hang around for awhile.  I am very sensitive to smells and can't use the cream on days where I have migraines since the smell makes me sick on those days.  Most days, I can wear this eye cream just fine, but I wanted to let those who are very sensitive to smells know before purchasing.
7270	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am very happy with this Mario Badescu Silver powder. The product can be messy, I have found using a flat makeup brush helps with the application process. Make sure to wear old clothes as the product turns back to powder during drying. The amount of product is great for the money. It works just as expected for both my son and myself, drawing out his blackheads, and my under the skin bumps. Follow the directions using an astringent to remove the powder. We have been using this twice a week for about 3 weeks now and love the results.



7425	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works wonderfully as a detangler and makes my hair smell so good! Excellent product! Doesn't make my hair feel sticky or greasy which so many spray on product can do.

1128	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Noticed a difference in my skin the very next day. A lil drying so will only use every other day but super effective!
9125	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have cystic, hormonal acne and I heard that Mario Badescu products work well. I purchased this and the Buffering Lotion and the Buffering Lotion works SO much better at reducing my acne than this does. This one is messy, application is weird (you have to apply it with a qtip or something else you can dip into the sediment at the bottom of the bottle) and the ingredients are essentially calamine lotion and alcohol. It also did nothing for my acne. I know this works for many people, so Im guessing it works better for white heads and smaller breakouts, however cystic acne tends to respond better to sulphur- based products (this is definitely true for me) and the Buffering Lotion is sulphur-based.

6823	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I received this last night and put it on right away. This morning my two blemishes had become less red and they were no longer tender. So far so good.

2898	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Just as good as the pads.
3630	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This spray did nothing at all for my medium textured layered hair.  I have no idea why this has become a cult favorite.  Many years ago, it was recommended in the fashion magazines all the time, so naturally, when I was in NYC, I had to buy it.  However, it was a miserable failure.  Not only did it not produce any volume whatsoever (I sprayed it on the roots, where, naturally, volume should be) but it made my hair oily and I had to wash it again the next day (I usually shampoo every other day or every two days).  It also comes in a very small container so it's very expensive to use.  I just sprayed a few spritzes on the roots and then blew my hair dry upside down.  When I lifted my head, yes, I had volume, but by the time I used a curling iron to create some waves, the volume had totally deflated and my hair was, once again, completely flat.  So much for that.  I can't figure out why this was ever touted as a great product by Vogue, Elle and other women's magazines. I think the fact that it's made in France has something to do with its mystique.  However, times have changed and so has the market for hair products.  Perhaps back then, there were few volumizing options, but now, the market is flooded with choices and there are far better products out there.  Right now, I like Living Proof Amp, which is a cream that's applied to the roots of clean, dry hair.  It provides long lasting subtle volume that can be easily revived with a few discrete fluffs.  So far, it works well for me, but I am exploring other options all the time.  But this Phyto spray is definitely a fail for me.  I used it a couple of time, each time trying a different technique to create volume and each time failing.  So now, it sits in my hall closet, where hair product FAILS go to die.  I hate to pawn it off on family or friends, because it simply doesn't work.  I have no problem spending big money for hair products that actually do what they claim to do, but I absolutely HATE spending good money for crap.  And believe me, this product sucks.  I guess Phyto paid off the editors of the magazines that recommended this spray, either that, or the editors are simply fascinated with French-made products, whether they work or not.  And of course, editors receive a bounty of free products that they are then duty bound to recommend.  That is the only scenario that explains why this product received so many positive reviews.  I'm sure my experience is not unique though.  Before you waste $29 on this spray, consider the following:  it is not a hairspray at all but is oily like a heavy conditioner, it certainly is NOT for fine hair, and the size is ridiculously small.  All I can say is that this is definitely not a good volumizing product.  I don't recommend it at all.  And if you buy it on Amazon, you'll very likely get a counterfeit product.  All the more reason to skip it and keep looking.
4346	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect. Got it for clean my newborn face every morning. The bottle is so big that it last for 6 months. I use it only for that purpose.
So while this may have long-term benefits, I am unable (unwilling) to re-use this.
4680	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very happy
It is great for after washing your face to remove any extra residue. Works well to remove makeup at night. I do not wear a lot of makeup so do not have issues with it coming off.
8222	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow! Beautiful color. Deep color but with a sheen that shows more than just a simple violet color. So worth the crazy $15 for nail color. I won't use the many nail color brands with all the un-healthy cooties in most products. What is that about? Why risk more chemicals that darn sure can't be good to put on your body. Not with a beautiful alternative.

4834	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	No one knows what the future holds, mine is now set up nicely.
A great moisturizer used on a regular basis (I like Kiehls products), along with daily exfoliating, makes all the difference for me. I will definitely enjoy using this primer while it lasts, but can't afford the expense to make it a permanent part of my daily regimen.
6.  At first it will look like you are not covering over much at all, but be patient, before you know it, you will have good coverage.  GRADUAL IS BEST.

8225	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great line of polishes with less toxicity. Pretty colors. Good wearability.
1396	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I found this on Amazon and bought the smaller size to try it out.  It is fabulous for people that are going thin on top.  I highly recommend this product.
3244	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good
492	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Ordering online is excellent if you know the shade(s) you need.  I would suggest, if it's possible to do so, seeing it in person first so you know exactly what you are getting and how it will work on your skin.  I had to do that.
3) Unclear how much it actually "heals" blemishes. While they are reduced in the short term, it does seem like they come back.


9562	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was called beautiful 3 times today running my errands:) This is definitely a must have! It gave me a beautiful summer glow and is so silky. Yay
482	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Dermablend has been a consistent product for me. I got a foundation many shades too dark for me to try contouring. I'd say my results have been really good!

3045	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Super expensive, but the ONLY cleanser that doesn't sting my face when I clean.  I'm a new retinol user.
8668	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Mario Badescu is my favorite skin care brand by far. this product works well, but it is very thick, consistency like butter. i just add a little water to it when i use it and then it works just fine.
2454	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the way this smells, I don't like the way most of the other anti-flake shampoos smell. My girlfriend, however, doesn't like the smell. To each their own.
Over all, 5 stars for value, ease of use, and quality of shave.
8332	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product!
Concealer really?: this can only be used as a concealer if you are extremely pale, which I can get away with if I don't have a tan. I am fair to light skinned. Medium in the summer.
Yesterday I was out for a walk qith my partner of 30 years and a friend.  While I was walking in front of them my partner said "What did you do to your hair?"  I cringed.  I thought that he had noticed that I had put something on it and it showed.  I aksed him what he meant.  He said that my bald spot was gone.  He then got right up on top of me and looked at my hair.  He could not tell what I had done, but my bald spot was gone.  My friend touched it and said that it was soft.  If I could fool them I could fool anyone.  Even looking for it they couldn't tell.
UPDATE 2: I have since tried a few other shaving soaps: 2 other Proraso tubs (menthol/eucalyptus and sandalwood), Tabac stick, Palmolive stick, Williams Mug Shaving soap and a couple of DIY soaps friends gave me. So far this white Proraso is my favorite scent - the only one I've purchased again to give to friends. Great for any weather.
8435	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this product - really love it - I swear I look 10 years younger.  Am 50 and was getting some fine lines - when I wake up my eyes look like I am 20!
Once dry feel free to shake your head over the sink to prove nothing is coming lose!

DOES THIS SETTLE INTO CREASES?

589	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As expected.
I like to play with the powders, yet, when I am in a rush I will make errors, not being subtle, and not dusting before other products.  Also, I am 62, and my baggy under-eye application errors are the most noticeable. I get rid of this bagginess first.  I will use the powders now, especially with other lighter Dermablend crme applications, or with the high-quality Dermablend Pro Smooth Liquid Camo Medium Cover Foundation (25 SPF) listed below; and as well as their other foundations. All definitely for photos where a shine or two really counts.
I must admit, I didn't see much change in the first week but as time went on and I became much more thorough with my routine I absolutely loved it.  I had pimples around my chin that were big, red and painful.  Now I don't have hardly any coming up at that time of the month and if I do, they disappear very fast
1888	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love love LOVE this nail color.  It glows and gets compliments left and right.


Formula: Lovely! Not drying, but wouldn't call this super moisturizing, very comfortable wear.l
I officially have been converted to Butter London, however, they lack a lot of colors. So, when they come out with more I will investigate. I completely recommend this brand if you are able to spare the cost for the quality.
1384	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a 50ish woman who has noticed thinning areas on the to of my head, this product has been wonderful for me, it covers,doesn't clump, run or even look like I'm wearing anything to disguise the area. I am so satisfied, I brought it over to my hairdresser, and she uses it on her clientele..There is one thing though, the bottom of the bottle is weighted and I'm never sure when I'm running low..wish they could address that...
Anyway, my experience with this base coat has been positive so far.  The bottle is huge (0.5 oz) and should last a very long time.  It has noticeably improved the performance of my polish, both on my fingers and my toes.  Will be continuing to use this for a long time to come.
7234	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This isn't my first time using Mario Badescu products. I was already using the drying lotion, which I love, but wouldn't recommend for everyday use. I went with this combo and I'm not shocked that it does everything it says. I was struggling for a good while with hormonal break outs. I have not had an issue since using Mario Badescu.
I use&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Guerlain-Meteorites-Light-Revealing-Pearls-Of-Powder-3-Medium-25g-0-88oz/dp/B00HZSOLQO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Guerlain Meteorites Light Revealing Pearls Of Powder - # 3 Medium 25g/0.88oz</a>&nbsp;in color #3 or#4 for most people.  It is very sheer and with a fluffy brush it adds a beautiful glow to the skin which is very subtle as well.  I do not like this foundation set with heavy powder, it looks overdone and caked on.
8752	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love ALL Mario Badescu products! I have very sensitive skin and this mask helps calm the irritation from my breakouts as well as diminish red patches.
107	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I agree with other reviewer it's not as bright as I had pictured this to be. Still I will wear once I get a tan .I think the color will stand out more. Mine looks on the peach side some say pink but I didn't see that.
and my skin has improved.
I have mild rosacea and this is perfect for the redness on my cheeks and bridge of my nose.  I then use a tinted moisturizer and most of the time that's it.  If I am going out into the sun I use an SPF moisturizer.
5085	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice peel ..I use it twice a week and it has my face smooth and super soft ....I apply and then use my finger with water and work it in ..And then leave on for 2 mins... Simple but effective

The items are all useful but a few stand out. Namely the foaming shampoo which is great for cradle cap and is easily rinsed out. This is important as in the early newborn days you usually want to get the hair washing part over and done with as soon as possible.(For me at least, both my babies were very impatient with their hair wash and would start to cry if i took too long washing the shampoo out!)
1526	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this nail polish.  Receive many compliment on this fushia color.  Also love the sparkles in this color.
Ingredients:  Aqua (water), glycerin, dimethicone, caprylic/capric triglyceride, pentaerythrityl tetraisostearate, synthetic wax, Butyrospermum parkii butter (shea butter), alcohol denat., hydrogenated polyisobutene, ammonium polyacryldimethyltauramide/ammonium polyacryloyldimethyl taurate, pentylene glycol, glyceryl stearate, behenyl alcohol, stearyl dimethicone, glyceryl stearate citrate, sodium hyaluronate, phenoxyethanol, Chondrus crispus (carrageenan), disodium ethylene dicocamide PEG-15 disulfate, disodium EDTA, caprylyl glycol, citric acid, biosaccharide gum-1, parfum (fragrance).
3585	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Possibly the best solutions available for occasional cystic acne - works overnight. When a bump starts, apply and it will disappear in 24 hours

2958	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Scentless and doesn't leave the skin dry. Baxter of California Facial Scrub, 4 fl. oz., is dense, high quality, you only need to use a little bit at a time. My college age son really likes it.
552	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I wasn't expecting this to be so good. I did an amazing make up the other day to go out to a special event and tried this as my foundation. It comes with a small plastic spatula (and first it looked weird, but then I understood) The product itself is creamy with hard texture. It spreads easily providing great coverage to skin. The color fitted perfectly for my skin tone. I ordered the Medium Beige one.
3004	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lotion is fantastic.  I use this everyday on my hands and face, which is one of the reasons I like it.  This body lotion can truly be used all over your body.  You don't need to have a different face/foot/hand moisturizer in addition to this lotion.
8181	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome product! Have been using for years. Like that it doesn't have that sunscreen scent.

This started kit was great. Love the syrum although watch out it is very liquidy. The moisturizer is intense but wonderful. A little goes a LONG way.
7143	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this in July's Glossybox and I was almost afraid to try it.  I'd heard a lot of people complaining about the smell.  But, I gave it a chance, and I'm glad I did.
I would like a larger size, which I did get once, but have not found since.
Pre-Shave Oil: This is probably my favorite item in the kit. It's somewhat unique - not many shaving kits include a pre-shave product - and really does prep your beard for shaving. Hairs do seem softer and so does your skin. I love the way it feels. A little oily, but super hydrating and refreshing. They say it doesn't leave any oily residue but I'd say it doesn't leave very MUCH. The little residue it leaves is actually nice though, in my opinion. I don't mind it at all.
423	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good quality make up. It's a bronze foundation, so I use it along my cheek line, and it stays on all day. I love that it has SPF 30, because I've been reading up on different kinds of make up, and this is the best for my skin. I love the Dermablend brand, it's my new favorite.
5412	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful cream. It moistures my skin but does not make it greasy. I suffer from occasional rosacea and this cream seems to have reduced my breakouts. The overall texture of my skin has improved. I looked at my photographs from several years ago and noticed that the sun spots I had are gone today. This cream works as well as IPL treatment I used to have. It obviously takes longer to see the results but there is no pain and the cost of the cream compared to that of IPL make it a great investment. I use Nia24 Sun Damage Repair on the rest of my body with equally impressive results. I see no point in taking care of my face and neck while neglecting the rest of my skin.

5094	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great cleaner you can use every day. Make my skin very soft.
5854	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really do like this brand a lot. And I find with their colors that you definitely need a good top coat so the polish does not chip and I don't have to re-do the color during the week.
8846	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love LAFCO candles. The hand blown glass is beautiful and their fragrances are amazing. Long burning. My only wish is they had a refill.
8404	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream is heavy, and stays on and moist until morning. Fixed up my dry winter skin, and I still use it just because, now that my skin is soft again. I also use it on my knees and elbows.
8071	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Im so glad to find this! It covers my spots of thin hair by shading the scalp. Give it a try.
7716	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	After a thyroid cancer scare, I am left with a red surgical scar that runs across the center of my throat. Its faded as much as its going to at this point and is something Ive learned to accept. At the same time, its in a place that can lead to some awkward speculation when someone notices it.
This spray says once you try it you won't want to be without it...well, that couldn't be more accurate. This spray is one of the best skincare products I have found in recent memory and definitely worth the time and investment. Couldn't be happier and neither could me skin.
The other purpose for me is that it has a (30 SPF) sunscreen.  ALL other cosmetics with sunscreen I have tried have (25 SPF) or lower, and not my needed (30 SPF) that my dermatologist recommends.  She has said that even in my home with shades closed I am exposing my skin to potential damage.  I score 1,000 % here for this as well as the other qualities of this line.
There is no flashback.
It glides on and your skin feels softer and smoother, within seconds, and lasts all day.  I also wear contacts, and sometimes a moisturizer will have a scent/aroma to it that tends to irritate my eyes. NOT this one!  Made for guys, but it would be great for anyone.
 First, I must address the odor issue. The face wash and acne clearing serum smelled absolutely rancid.  When we first opened the acne clearing serum tube, the content came squirting and losing out. The serum was very liquidy, like water with smelly brown grains.  It looked like  puddle water and smelled like pond scum.  I immediately checked the date on the box, but we weren't near expiration.  I don't think the serum should have had the consistency our tube had.
They sent me the wrong color at first, but when I emailed them about it, they quickly fixed the mix up!

7148	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	you have to use a lot if you have thick hair and for the price point it's not worth it. the peppermint essential oils in this are too concentrated and will burn your eyes
2105	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this fun color. I get tired of only pink and red shades. This was a great way to mix it up without the color being too young looking for this 30-something woman! :)

9510	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Juice Beauty Green Apple Nutrient Eye Cream is absolutely fabulous! It reduced the puffiness, dark circles, and fine lines around my eyes giving me a brighter, more alive appearance. The bottle has a pump so I can get the right amount that I need on my finger tip. And I love the rich creamy texture of this eye cream. My skin quickly absorbs the cream without feeling sticky or greasy.
2758	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It does make my hair very shiney as promised.  But I have fine hair and have to be careful not to use too much of product . Probably excellent for thick and/or frizzy hair.
3930	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Prompt delivery. Got this for a Christmas gift for my Mom. She loves the scent of it and how soft it makes her skin.
7111	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Though I can't vouch for the price of $129.99 price listed here. I am extremely sensitive to chemical smells including just about every fragrance mix in every brand of shampoo. It's hard to find hair care products that don't contain fragrance. I have medium-fine hair and my husband has thick wavy hair. This shampoo works great for both of us. My husband uses conditioner with it to control his waves and I use only the shampoo because I want more volume.
Shielding skin from the sun results in blindingly white legs and this mousse provides the solution. The directions say to apply it and leave it on for three hours. After it thoroughly dries (approximately ten minutes) I put on some loose clothing (dark) and work around the house. Time flies as long as I have planned ahead  and the tan lasts well, fading gradually throughout the week.

7199	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is a minor miracle worker. I'm only sorry I didn't discover it years ago. I have dark, fine, straight hair and I absolutely cannot be seen in public without my hair being being freshly washed. I've colored my hair to cover some early grey over the last few years, but in the last few months, the grey is popping through much more quickly. I've been told it's because I wash my hair every day, so I went looking for dry shampoo alternatives. I thought about getting the Bumble and Bumble product because I like their shampoo, but the reviews are awful on that one. I'm so thrilled I discovered this Oscar Blandi product. It is amazing.
It also has great longevity.  I can go a week without chips (when used with top coat) on my finger nails and even longer when it's used as a pedicure.
5251	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would recommend this is my 2nd jar and it last a long time
9031	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	The heat on this flat iron seems less than the babyliss I owned before (pink for breast awareness). I don't know if I got a bad batch but I will work around it to get the results I need.
2142	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product. Going on a cruise in April and taking this with me.

4161	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This thing doesn't handle well at all because the handle is skinny and the barrell is heavy. Also it just doesn't get as hot as any of the other tools I have. I'm just discovering that its not the company because I bought another smaller one that works fine .I should have returned this particular one and I cant suggest it to anyone.
There is a slight scent but it's not very offensive, which is good as my body really really really dislikes most scents.  I tend to get migraines or just sick to my stomach if there is a chemical scent or even a natural scent that is too strong.  This didn't bug me.
7229	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Made under my eyes very dry.

5508	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this at Ulta, even though the Amazon price was much less. I can't recommend it! First of all, it's somewhat underpowered for anyone with thick hair. Second, the curl-release feature worked less than half the time and I wound up having to physically untangle and pull my hair out of the plastic bristle brush. Third, the "cap" that holds the plastic brush on the base, flew off almost right away and I had to search the bathroom for it and screw it back on. It is not an expensive product, but it's not even worth what it cost. It's a "cheap" product in a number of ways.
I love this bronzer. Highly recommend.
2107	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't recall when I first found this color, but I'll keep ordering it online since Essie has discontinued it.  It's the best summer time pedi color.
I really like this one, and look forward to wearing it often. Highly recommend it!


2291	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good product

- Subsequent applications have left the skin feeling noticeably smoother and firmer.
9352	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've tried every Davines shampoo and conditioner and hated them all. This was the last one I had to try before writing off the whole line as worthless. First, I loved the scent - very clean and fresh. Second and more importantly, this left my hair so soft and shiny! I'm thrilled with the results!

I didn't know they had such a line from blurring mousse to these heavy duty pods.
Blue Copper 5 is the same treatment applied to burn victims to replenish and restore the skin's firmness and suppleness.  If it's good enough for the surgeons and hospitals to use, it's good enough for us, too.
1690	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color.  Was looking for a great rich brown to go with my designs.  This is amazing...a deep undertone of an one blood red makes this more than your average brown.  Completely opaque in 2 thin coats, dries quickly and levels nicely.  Look AMAZING with a scattered Hlgraphic topcoat all on its own and a great base for nail art.
8124	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this product and you don't need much. It works. I love all Phyto products but this one stands out.
1955	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great polish and received a lot sooner than estimated, very satisfied!

4779	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this in conjunction with the Jack Black True Volume Thickening shampoo.  First of all, I have had thinning hair since I was about 26, going on ten years now.  I've tried all kinds of products to try and magically make my hair appear thicker and fuller, but I have finally come to the acceptance that there is no miracle product.  With that said, I believe this is a great conditioner.  It is relatively light, has pleasant citrus smell (smell is subjective), and it leave my hair very soft and manageable.  I'm not going to say one way or the other whether this has made my hair appear thicker... if it has, it's barely noticeable.  But since I keep my hair relatively short, it has made it much more manageable.  I will buy this product again.
3411	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color
802	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff. Probably the best face moisturizer I've tried and will continue to use going forward.
3202	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's interesting to see the wide swath of opinions and reviews of people's impressions based on their individual chemistries and hair types. Personally, as an older gentlemen with very fine and thin hair, I found this shampoo to be wonderful. Nothing is going to make you imagine you have a full head of hair when, well, you don't. But this makes my hair feel very clean and fresh without being weighed down or coated. I only use a small quarter sized dollop and it gives sufficient coverage and cleansing while rinsing out easily. I expect it to last 6 months or more at this rate so although it's a bit pricey, I expect to be a repeat buyer. Previously, I've been using a seaweed based shampoo which I also love and have purchased repeatedly. I also like the simple graphics and sturdy metal container, though that has nothing to do with the shampoo performance.
6888	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CLINIQUE-by-Clinique-Skin-Supplies-For-Men-Liquid-Face-Wash-Regular-Strength-5OZ/dp/B000AMPEKO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CLINIQUE by Clinique Skin Supplies For Men:Liquid Face Wash Regular Strength--/5OZ</a>&nbsp;for past 3 years. I have just started using this product for past 3 days. Its amazing. Smells awesome and feels like its cleaning your face pretty well. I am also using some other products such as clearsonic etc so can not say that it is the sole reason my face is shining.
2362	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You will get compliments! This is a mysterious scent that on me smells like incense, cherries, and black licorice. I have been asked "what are you wearing?" nearly every time I've worn this.
If you have thin hair this is the product to use.
8483	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this face lotion!
2801	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Really unimpressive. The design looks like it could be high end, and fitting of the high price tag. Unfortunately, that is not the case. The clippers have rough, sharp edges that make this uncomfortable to hold and to handle. The clipper itself is not very strong, so it's not effective on thick nails. At the very least, you'd think they would have made a nice case that it would fit in but it's really just a rough leather sleeve. The clippers are hard to put in the case and it's really not a good fit at all. To add insutl to injury, these clippers are made in China. I'm sure I could do better with most drugstore clippers.

If you like vanilla with a hint of floral and a lingering woodsy musk you'll enjoy this.
2412	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For me this is part of my regular shave routine:
9195	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff! Works exactly as described! A perfect addition to my collection of skin care cleansers, toners and lotions.
862	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Look--fine-mist hydration will simply evaporate unless you LOCK IT IN.  So if you're just spraying this on willy-nilly, you're not making the best use of this wonderful water. How to turn a fleeting droplet into a drenching reservoir? Well, If you've ever read Dr. Leslie Baumann's logically on-point book&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Skin-Type-Solution-Are-You-Certain-Tthat-You-Are-Using-the-Optimal-Skin-Care-Products-Revised-and-Updated/dp/0553383302/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Skin Type Solution: Are You Certain Tthat You Are Using the Optimal Skin Care Products?  Revised and Updated</a>, it all makes sense:

OVERALL: While this Baxter line of skin care products doesn't offer anything revolutionary, I really like the facial cleanser because it is fragrance free, very gentle, leaves the skin feeling moist, but does a more thorough clean than the comparable Cetaphil brand. The toner makes my face shiny, so I've avoided using it regularly, but it has a fun minty feel to it that is fine as long as your skin isn't sensitive to it. The moisturizer is good enough, I use small doses of it. The price may seem fairly high, but if you compare it to Cetaphil again, it's about the same price for a cleanser and moisturizer. I give it an above average recommendation!
Cons:
5907	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This review is for "The Old Bill."  On my nails, it's a light, shiny copper color (but muted compared to actual copper metal).  It went on smoothly although I did need to use three coats to get it to be opaque (which means you might be able to do some interesting things with layering over other colors).  I didn't use a base coat and used a Seche Vite quick dry topcoat.


795	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Get it, it's worth it!
There's just no way I would repurchase this based on it's current price; I would pay, perhaps, one-third of that price for this.  Which is sad, when I have actually considered other Vincent Longo products to be excellent values.  It's also a small tube, considering that you will be using a pea-sized amount each day.
 zoya's description : cream, 1 (from 1 to 5 ; 5 being the most opaque and 1 the most sheer)
1199	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good head camo.
5134	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Now, mind you, I'm testing this in April-May, not the really horrendously humid summer months here in Florida, so I may have to edit this review in two or three months if this product doesn't hold its own against serious Florida weather.  However, we've had some days already into the 90+ degrees with a lot of humidity, so I've got a pretty good idea of what this CHI Silk Infusion can do.
I don't know if topical nutrient application helps with cellular regeneration (as the cream's maker seems to claim). I come from the school of thought that good skin is largely driven by what you put in your mouth (lots of water, fruit, vegetables) than what you slather on your face. That being said, the bottom line is that regardless of the nutrients in the cream, this seems to work quite well. The only thing that I did not like much about it was the scent as it seemed rather "medicinal" to me. That being said, it's not a strong scent and I strongly prefer it to any sort of perfume-like creams.
5090	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have oily sensitive and acne prone skin.  I am learning that scrubbing it is not a good idea for me. My skin will try to produce more oil and protect itself when scrubbed.  This is gentile but I had to stop using it just to figure out how to handle my particular skin.  Otherwise, I do love Pevonia products
5805	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Personally I don't find that this gives lasting moisture to my lips. And as a lip butter you'd think it would more so than a regular balm. However I do enjoy it when it is on my lips, it smells great, but this is just doesn't do it what it is supposed to. I didn't give it one star because it isn't horrible.
5185	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very tiny container containing rich, luxurious facial cream. It's meant for dry and very dry skin. It has a wonderful fragrance and absorbs quickly, leaving your skin without any sort of residue at all.
I opened the package and started spraying it all over myself. My husband came in and said, "It smells good in here!"

3254	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	While, this minty lip balm is targeted towards men, I tend to have several of these on me. The hydrating lip balm is enriched with shea butter, mint, avocado oil, Vitamin E, green tea extract, and antioxidants. The potent cocktail of ingredients left my skin feeling smooth, soft and hydrated.
7928	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Product was as expected :-)
1732	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great color
439	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This makeup goes on very smoothly and a little goes a long ways.  It covers evenly and should hide blemishes and tattoos.  I wrote on the back of my hand with a black Sharpie and was completely hidden by the cover creme.  It seems to stay on very well so if you use it on your face it should last all day unless you rub it off or it wears against your clothing or jewelry.  If you apply it at points where your clothing comes into contact with it your clothing will get stained since it's not permanent.  It is a beautiful chocolate brown color tone.

Now, how effective is this product? I think it is just as effective as something like Proactiv. The drying lotion is not a miracle by any means. Does it work? Yes, it works to some extent. It works to the extent that salicylic acid has always worked. Will you have dramatically clearer skin overnight? No. Will you have clearer skin after a few days? Yes. But this product is not a miracle or a new formulation that we have never seen before, and this product does not prevent acne. Many of the reviews fail to mention that this product is actually intended for use on whiteheads. I rarely have whiteheads, so I mainly used the drying lotion on your average red pimples. So I can say that the product does work on average pimples to an extent, but it's no better than Proactive, Retin-A, or anything else you might have tried. I tried the drying lotion on a few whiteheads, and, again, it's not a miracle worker. It works as effectively as most other products I have tried.
3690	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this concealer but it does not compare to some other concealers I own in terms of staying power. The coverage is medium at best and needs to be set with a powder to stay in place. I find it wears off easily throughout the day. It was hard to determine a color match online. I would have gone with a darker color if I ordered it again. One great thing is the amount of product in the pan. I will not have to buy a replacement for a long time. I use it everyday and apply it with a small concealer brush and have not even made a dent. I will say it doesn't irritate my sensitive skin and doesn't worsen my acne.
606	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great smooth application and lasts all day!
3995	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife tried this recently:This micellar water revolution is something else, and Vichys 3-in-1 cleansing water is up there with the best. Its crazy how easy the most stubborn makeup glides off the skin and onto the cotton ball.  No more rubbing to remove eye makeup, no more lost eyelashes!  I didn't notice a fragrance with this product, so if you're sensitive to aromas, youll tolerate this product well.  Excellent product  if you're in the market for a makeup remover/cleanser, you should really give this a try!
The face wash is nice. Using female products sometimes is a hassle since you don't know what things will smell like (like my Simple exfoliate --- smells like really strong hair dye) or how your skin will react to the product. I like how the face wash didn't dry out my skin nor did it have any strange strong smell. Also this bottle will last me a good amount of time!
The label says you can use it anywhere even on the face (I wouldn't recommend that -- for me the menthol or camphor aspect is irritating), but it is THE MOST moisturizing product I have ever used on my hands! I couldn't believe how nice and soft and smooth they looked an hour or so after applying this stuff (which has a kind of vaseline like consistency - but NO petroleum by products in it!).
6589	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good treatment for once

6769	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it

6053	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	No complaints
323	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great nail polish, one of my favourite classic colors, but delivery to CA took about 3 weeks!
7791	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the Obagi CLENZIderm M.D. Daily Care Foaming Cleanser. I have always had oily skin and my face feels so clean and clear after using this cleanser. I have had no new breakouts since using this and no drying of the skin on my face. Super product and well worth the price.
Second, being in menopause, this is great to carry with you everywhere so that if you have a hot flash you can spritz your face with t his and it will help cool you down a bit.
8760	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	WORKS VERY GOOD
needed. The wonderful crmes I love work nicely with Loreal Dermablend Professional Translucent Loose Setting Powder with micronized powder, with the cotton puffs. It hides flaws when that is part of what you are going for.  This particular product is very fine, not grainy, and perhaps a bit creamy.  It definitely blends in well.  It is very nice for creating a thin and matte next barrier, keeping the crme, bases, foundations, from smudging to hands, clothing.  In various ways, since Amazon is not going to know my exact skin color, I have experimented, I am able to get some creative looks I sought in using the various loose powder shades together:
5596	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff.  I was recently diagnosed with Telogen Effluvium which causes massive hair shedding.  This stuff is a miracle.  I am able to cover up the sparse areas and the wider than usual part flawlessly.  I will definitely be repurchasing.
6621	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As advertised
6504	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These candles are so worth the price.  He several of the scents.  Just got the Kitchen scent and it is great. Great gifts.
1567	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!

I'm not an evening or day scent person-as I said this scent whispers and doesn't shout but some people prefer vanilla/amber for evening scents. It seems more a Fall/Winter/Spring scent than a summer scent. But really, it's such a personal scent that I think it transcends time or season specific use.
2391	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	No idea why amazon wanted this product reviewed but I jumped on it because its a classic and one that everyone in my house loves. This seemed authentic, with the heavy vanilla at first and seductive musky lingering smell. You will probably find the best price on amazon. But you must try it on first. While this smelled good on multiple women who I had sample it, it smelled different on each one. On some it was more vanilla, on others more citrus, and a guy I tried it on for kicks it smelled borderline bad. Mostly all woody with very little vanilla or floral. So keep in mind everyones body chemistry is different and you need to know whether you like the way it smells on you. One of the women it was tried on hated it, even though everyone else thought it was good. Its such a personal thing.
4379	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	feels so soft on the skin. really great at removing makeup and has a wonderful fresh scent. would highly recommend this product!
6061	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is like Botox in a jar. Amazing!
It's very similar to a few other powders on the market, (tarte, MUFE, are two I have), that have a similar texture and finish, but this is very cost effective for the amount.
This product does do a good job as far as a cleansing water and toner.  I put a little onto a cotton round and wiped it all over my face and neck, then repeated it with another cotton round. It left my skin feeling clean and refreshed, soft and not over dry.

135	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	THE MOST AMAZING COLOR EVER! This is a soft pink with subtle glimmer, just classy and elegant.
buyers need to trust them  and buy it because i have great positive feel with them.
6411	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Leaves skin feeling lovely - even in harsh winter months
I had my nails done with the acrylic nails for about a year and after I stopped my nails have been weak and brittle for almost 2 years. I could not get them to grow at all, they would split and peel and break very easily.
8073	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very good product, fast shipping and have used it before, color is good for blondes, very good as far as using it to cover spots
8366	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome night cream. Light and refreshing.
6530	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Easy to spread over face and easy to wash off.  My skin feels wonderful afterwards.
Some people seem to love it but I don't. This is my personal experience, yours might be different.

2580	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Solid.
3142	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the smell and I have bought this product more than once. Its easy to use and have had many good comments on the way it smells
5266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This PCA pHaze 1 Facial Wash for oily skin is the best I've ever used.  It cleans thoroughly and does not leave your skin feeling uncomfortable.  The PCA line of skin care is very good.  I have used several of their products and have had good results.
This little 4oz tube is pretty expensive but high quality "boutique" products do command a premium.
Keep skin moisturized and avoid shaving every day for tan longevity, apply fully once a week if you want optimal tan results full time. This product is amazing and with a little maintenance can fool someone into thinking your tan in 100% beach bunny.
1216	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product, it takes just a small amount to cover my thinning area

6513	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very refreshing product
1063	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice, soft finish, finely milled powder that performs well and is somewhat forgiving in terms of shade.  It's non irritating to my sensitive skin and offers a good setting powder option for use with Dermablend cream products.  I have no issue with this product, but I don't see where or how it stands out from other powders; I frankly like my Almay powder just as much, even though it's far less expensive (and attempts far less specificity in it's color choices).  However, where this one stands out is in it's darker color range, as there is certainly offers more options than many other lines.  Still, I find there's enough transparency to these powders (I've worked with several shades on several different people) to allow several workable shade options for most people.  This is not an exact skin match hypercoverage powder.  As for ALL the colors I have tried, all the Amazon product images look lighter than the actual products, so when in doubt go for a lighter color.  Many of the darker shades lean a bit orange and the fairest tend cooler.
33	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	EXCELENTE
611	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow! I ordered this yesterday and I got it today!!! Fantastic, Thank you!!!
6689	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice blow dryer but a little heavy!
I've been tempted by good prices on the spaceship bottle, and I'm so glad I didn't blind buy this one. I don't like this. Not. At. All.
The only negative is that the fine dust settles on my white bathroom counters after application, but is easily cleaned up. Right now Amazon has the best price on this product, costing $10 less than at beauty supply stores. I've also tried Caboki, which for me was of inferior quality, lasting power and had a funny rubber-like smell (Toppik has no scent whatsoever).

3161	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	German made blades that scream quality and make all my other blades seem cheap. Quality craftsmanship and so worth the price. I will use these blades as long as I can. Work great for my sensitive skin and can be considered middle of the road blades...but that's exactly what I need.
8. LOREAL DERMABLEND QUICK-FIX CONCEALER STICK (SPF 30)
3581	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just received my set of 3 products. I opened the box and there was spillage in the box because one of the lids came off.
*skin issue alert*
I tried  the Phytodensia, and it is awesome on older folks like me, it smells awesome and made my hair feel fuller and smell great.
I have given this one star.  If you have very oily skin and perhaps don't mind it being a strong cleanser, then perhaps you would like it.  For us, it really is rough on our skin and it just leaves us too uncomfortable to rate it higher than that.


I fear that Billy Jealousy will change this product once they figure out how little you need to use. I hope they do not because this is my new favorite body wash.
4369	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the light lemon scent this product has - it's very clean and refreshing! I also like that while it appears to be an effective moisturizer it's also very light. I can't say if it balanced my skin or not, but I do like it. The instructions are to apply 2X daily, morning and evening, but I only use it in the morning.
2992	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is great for under foundation for day use moisturizer.  No issue with makeup coverage.  Great for mature skin but not oily.
4483	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have extremely sensitive skin and this works great!
119	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this
3023	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was ready to love this, but unfortunately, I don't. I have mild rosacea that I keep well controlled, but I really need a better anti-aging moisturizer The first day after using it, I noticed my face felt softer and I was excited.  By day 3, rosacea pustules popped up (I haven't had any in 3 years).  I decided maybe it needed to get worse before better and stuck it out, but instead it just got worse and worse.  I ended up with several huge pustules and redness like never before. The good news is that it was prime and therefore easy to return to Amazon for a full refund.  I also felt like it was a decent moisturizer for my neck and chest area, but not good enough to keep just for that.

8129	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I did not like this face wash and was pretty disappointed because I am a huge La Roche-Posay fan. Their other products have really impressed me but this face wash burned my eyes so badly  even without getting it directly in them, just in the normal course of washing my face.  It also left my skin really really clean which may sound great but I couldn't help but feel it was stripping my skin of every single bit of moisture.  I swear my skin would make a squeaking noise when I rubbed my finger over it after using this.
Also, and very importantly, you won't break out or have any skin irritation. I've had some minor breakouts from almost all kinds of foundation and powders, but never from Jane Iredale.
7803	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Vichy Soothing After Shave Balm was not what I expected as I assumed it would be a brisk, menthol-like, alcohol based refresher.  What I did get was a very soothing, non greasy, practically unscented lotion which felt good on my face.  I didn't have to use more than a few drops as it went on so easily.  This is another excellent product from a reliable manufacturer.
This was is gentle and perfect for sensitive skin.
While you may feel a little silly spending a chunk of change on spray bottle of water, the fine mist that comes out of this definitely makes it worthwhile. I don't know about any claims of minerals or anything like that, but the product definitely performed as claimed with regards to adding a fine amount of moisture to your face either to water down heavier products or just to top up your skin with a drink throughout the day.
8035	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	shows like I have put dried mustard in my hair. After a couple of hours, it's gone. Will not try again.


At this point is when I apply the setting powder. Take the puff and apply powder liberally all over the forehead, undereye and cheek area, and the bridge of the nose. Don't worry if you look like a clown. (BTW, make sure that you are not wearing your going out clothes when doing this because the powder gets everywhere!)  Leave it on for at least 5 minutes. The instructions say 2 but I leave mine on longer because I want it to "bake." While it is on there, I do my eyebrows and eyeliner. After 5 minutes, I then take a kabuki brush and start brushing off the excess until I look normal.

2947	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	used to use nivea for men scrub, but it was lacking in actually scrubs to take care of my rough face since ingrown hair is a common problem for me. this really uses high quality stuff to give your face and beard an amazing scrub so it's great for preshave or whenever since it will leave your skin feeling awesomely smooth. price is right and a little goes a very long way so i intend to have this last me for half a year. just make sure you follow up with a toner/astringent. baxter has a good one. highly recommended!
9390	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks so much!


I have this iron in three sizes. I have the 1", the 1.25" and the 2". This size is by far my most used size. I have mid back length hair and it's medium thickness. It is wavy by nature but I typically curl it after blow drying it straight. This iron has been my go to after years of use, and it still looks as good as the day I bought it-8 years ago. It's in pristine condition and it works like a charm, and it gets USED.

2078	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Usually, my nail polish chips in 1 day... this one is long lasting, but I find that I need to shake it often (almost between each nail) or it gets clumpy, and then it dries with a dull finish.  Nothing that a little attention to detail and a clear coat can't fix.  I'm really impressed with the long lasting wear which is what bumped it up from a 3 to a 4.
The first time I did that, the next morning I found that bits of the skin on my face sloughed off - but not in a severe way like it did when I tried using a retinol cream. Instead this sloughing was barely noticible (more I could feel it) and I just rinsed my face and it felt so much cleaner and softer. Loved it.
After a recent haircut that left me a little disappointed, I opened the glass jar of Baxter of California Soft Water Pomade, dipped my fingertip into the contents then applied it to my hair. Suddenly, my waves could be easily manipulated into place, and the disappointing haircut was a disappointment no longer.

1637	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A well-received gift.
2946	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm writing this review on behalf of my husband, who's been using it for about five years now.  He loves this stuff and says that it's the best shaving product he's ever used.  Although I've tried buying him less expensive products in the past, I've stopped doing that since he loves this product best and keeps asking for it.  Now I know just to buy him this.  :-) It gives him a soft, smooth shave, and has a nice smell.  He also loves their Energizing Face Scrub and Daily Face Cleanser, but this is is favorite of those three and the one he can't do without.
2586	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I cannot say enough good things about the Jack Black Brand.  I use the Protein Booster Skin Serum, the Protein Booster Eye Serum, the Double Duty Face Moisturizer, the Dry Erase Nighttime Moisturizer, and now this product.

6394	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This really does do what they say. It calms the skin , takes out the redness . If I have a breakout and use a pimple medication that then inflames the surrounding area with peeling etc. this works great. My only thing is they used to make a healing cream and I liked that better because you left it on.
6542	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I've used a full catalogue of Elemis products for over a month and am leaving reviews on each one.
So if you think of it as a gentle, but pretty effective toner for oily skin you'll get the idea. Price-wise it's middle of the road and it'll last long enough that if you like the scent you'll keep getting it but it doesn't seem to be to be worth it otherwise.
2200	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product to cover blemishes, under eye circles, redness, age spots, etc. If you get sun poisoning like I do it is a great product to prevent burning. It is pretty much impervious to the sun. I love it.

5937	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a beautiful dark green.  You'll need 2 coats but its worth it.  It's an unusual color of green, one you don't see anywhere else.



8932	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This spray is calming and refreshing. Considering I think that's all it's supposed to do, it works perfectly. I don't think I'll repurchase since there isn't anything noticably different after using it. It is nice to set my makeup and make my highlight more prominent. I love using it after my foundation to make all of my products blend together.
9269	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm in love with OPI. Every color I've purchased is perfect.
IF I'm using this WRONG -- please let me know -- lol...


767	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Eternity is a classic fragrance of the early 1990s, when every male lawyer under the age of 50 working in Manhattan had at least 100ml in his briefcase at all times.  This is a fairly clean smelling scent with subtle spices that strikes me with notes of lemon, lavender, basil, and sandalwood.  Some days it can smell a bit soapy.  Unfortunately for me, it does not last very long on my skin and is more or less gone after a few hours.  Whether that is an issue of body chemistry--fragrances act differently on different people--or of formulation, I don't know.  It is generally subtle, not cloying, and not likely to offend anyone; I have never heard of anyone outright disliking this fragrance.
I found that the best way to apply this is with a small makeup sponge which has been lightly dampened.  The makeup in the pan is hard but with a damp sponge it comes up easily and applies smoothly.  You have to work fast because within seconds it dries but this isn't a problem, as this blends easily upon application.  This has zero scent or perfume at all.
3019	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love La Roche-Posay and this is a great body lotion. Moisturizes well but doesn't leave ur skin feeling oily. There is a very mild scent which I actually like.
2576	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love using this scrub 1-2 times a week. Have not tried it as a mask yet but looking forward to it.
9470	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like the product very much.
5218	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	always a quality product

1045	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So far I  realky like this set. The setting powder is translucent and comes with a fluffy powder puff applicator. I prefer to use a brush. It goes on white  buy blends into your skin creating  a very fresh finish. The set and refresh spray  is a very light mist that you apply in a "T" or "x" motion. It has a light fragrance  and dries  almost instantly. Together they give you a fresh face that helps keep your  makeup looking  great for hours.
289	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Can't beat OPI polish and can't beat the price on Amazon!  A winning combination for me.

7069	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous,authentic Jasmine fragrance. Use a tiny amount and add more sparingly if needed. Controls frizz and fly-aways. Your hair will have a mirror like gloss and shine to it. Also, great for smoothing the look of dry, split ends. The bottle seems to last forever since you only need to use small amounts of this concentrated serum. I always get comments on how beautiful I smell when I have this in my hair! The bottle itself is also very attractive and travels well.
5091	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I used the 3 piece kit and did not see substantial results on my skin. I have acne prone skin.
I was there would have been a liquid/pump version instead. I doubt I'll buy this and wouldn't recommend.
This lightly foaming cleanser removed my make up but my skin did not feel stripped or dry.
4223	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It's fine. I don't use anymore.
3702	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice cleanser, especially for someone with dry skin like I have. Because of the moisturizers I put on the combat the dryness, I sometimes get clogged pores. This iS cleanser works well to clear up those pores. It also does a good job cleaning makeup of my face at the end of the day. It just takes a little bit to get a good lather. I think this bottle will last a long time. It has a very mild scent, which is nice when washing around your nose. I've used cleansers before that smell so strong, I have to wash it of almost immediately after I put it on. After using this iS cleanser for a while, it seems like my skin is less dry. Overall, it is a good match for my dry skin.
2533	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Feels great. Smell is a little much if placed over whole body.

154	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	pretty pink, just a bit of sparkle.  it's a little darker than i thought, to...



8266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Primrose Hill Picnic is an irresistible, luscious, vibrant pink that makes me feel happy when I look at it. Not quite neon, but close - with a perfect mellowed edge.

5840	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	excellent! I like it
8013	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Having used this product for over a year, finding the larger size available on Amazon is a huge money saver for me.  Thank You!
Great curling iron!
8103	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I dislike most hair products, but pomade is an exception. Its waxy texture helps keep hair manageable without making it stiff. It leaves it with a nice shine without looking artificial.
using this. He recently ran out and was using Bigelow in the tube and had to

7579	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using revision products for about 10 years and love the brand. This cream works well and I am never without it.
4260	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have naturally medium beige skin (I'm naturally not pale but not tan either, but I will very easily tan without burning). I live in Florida now and most of the year I'll keep my tan now, but I discovered this product years ago before my exodus to the Sunshine State. This used to be a well kept pageant girl secret before it became main stream but now the secret is out.
7076	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	made my hair soooooo dry and stiff. felt awful.
That said, theres nothing natural about Aqualia Thermals ingredient list, but what I do notice is better facial tone and appearance.  Its hard to say good-bye to my stand-by simple moisturizer, but I like Aqualia Thermals end results much better.
I like it has SPF 25 in it.  That is one less thing I have to apply under my make-up since I have had two moles removed and my surgeon told me to wear SPF everyday, rain or shine.
The price point is at the high end and comparable to other high end cosmetics.  This would be a brand I would consider again.
9630	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OMG, are there words to describe this product?  Je Ne Sais Quoi.  Such a lavish bathing experience.
I'm not a big cologne wearer but I have been putting this on a bit more than I usually do before we go out to dinner or to a movie or a party.  I've had women ask me what it is and a couple of men as well (of course as soon as I say Calvin Klein they laugh at me).  3.4 oz at $85 bucks is pretty good these days, especially for an aroma your wife adores!!
3814	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It is a little drying, so I don't use it everyday.  Don't notice any real change in my skin but didn't hurt it either.  Fine for a couple times a week wash.
6793	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I must be mutant. Nothing that works for the majority of the consumers never works for me. I used this, along with other Mario Badescu products, and nothing. I saw zero change in my face.
It's not gonna stay on overnight. It's not going to stay put on the sides or back under a hat. I've even tried holding spray and it will work but I personally have to gel my hair so hard that it's not favorable all the time. Those are the only downsides. Take it from me and my friends..it works and its amazing :)
So if you don't have any trouble with the ingredients and have oilier skin and want an even look that whitens your face this is a great pick
1481	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice color and very good nail polish.
7506	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My dcolletage looks better and better with each passing day!
8506	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Mario Badescu products and this is no different. Sunk right in but felt very moisturizing.  I love that it's fragrance free and it gives good hydration to my 35 year old skin. Will be the perfect moisturizer for winter with the lighter SPF and super moisture for the dryer season here in New England.
205	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color!!
The polish goes on like the name states, like butter.  I used O.P.I. Natural Nail Base Coat, then two coats of the polish, topped off by O.P.I. Rapid Dry Top Coat.  Because the butter LONDON polish self-levels very nicely, a rather quickly-done manicure looks like a much more professional job.  The long, specially shaped brush for the polish worked really well to apply it.
1159	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great
Fortunately I got a perfect product when I ordered mine from Amazon.
165	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color
My first thought regarding the price was, "wow, this is expensive."  Then I started thinking about how much I pay for other facial cleaners and moisturizers.  These are actually pretty large dispensers at 6.7-ounces, at least compared to a lot of other products.  I was going to say how expensive these are, but the more that I thought about it, I really don't think they are.

3901	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ok, so I've been using this product for exactly a month now.  I wasn't sure of it at first, but I read a review that said to stick with it at least a month, and I'm so glad I did.
5401	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	What a great price for a great product.  Makes my skin very soft and smooth
8542	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for several years and it removes all make-up including waterproof mascara.



3594	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks
3)  Smells rather pleasant.  A lot like a cologne an ex-man-in-my-life used.  (I asked my husband if the scent was familiar to him and he said no, so this must have been in B.H. times [Before Husband].)
2789	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best shaving cream you can buy. A little pricey, but will last you six months or longer if used correctly.
What I have found with this pencil is that despite it looking very close in color to the other two which I have previously mentioned, it does not wear as well.  I have done one brow with this pencil and a different one on the other.  At the end of the day, the other brand is still good, but the Vincent Longo pencil is smeary, spotty, and seems to have settled into my pores a bit too.
took a few times to figure out best way to use it, so there isn't that annoying crimp. But I got the hang of it.
Okay, my gripe is, I can't read the little tiny print on the box! Not enough to mark it down by any stars...this is a stellar 5-star product!
2828	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great cleanser!  Totally love it. It is totally natural. This product is the best facial cleanser I have ever used.  It cleans fast and doesn't dry up too much (I'd still suggest to put on moisturizer or toner afterwards). But I love this cleanser, even though it's a bit pricey.  I am totally in love with Jack Black products.
Let me start off by describing my "cheap" stuff.  It was the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Van-Der-Hagen-Premium-Shave-Set-2-5-oz-Soap-Bowl-Brush/dp/B001A3HPT0/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Van Der Hagen Premium Shave Set (2.5 oz. Soap, Bowl, Brush)</a>.  It cost me $9 and came with the badger brush, a bowl, and a bar of soap.  Then I bought the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/The-Art-of-Shaving-Brush-Stand-Black/dp/B0006B43SS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">The Art of Shaving Brush Stand Black</a>.  It was a novel idea, but it quickly got old and left it lying around in my medicine cabinet for years.
Get the color that best matches your hair color. You can use 2 different colors if you are looking for a special match, but I find the Dark Brown works just find for my typical dark brown hair.
2968	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This was not for me... i ended up using it as shaving cream.
1477	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have other Zoya colors that I like as well as the application. This color looks nothing like what appears on my screen or what is described. There is absolutely no pink tone. I would say it is closer to a yellowish beige. Very unattractive. I can't imagine this would look good on anyone.
4148	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my favorite sunscreen whether it's scented or unscented. I love it because it is non toxic and does a great job protecting me while I play tennis in the desert sun. Well worth the price.
9617	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A fantastic lavender soap- this is a creamy, rather large bar of lavender soap- with L'Occitane's standard lavender scent, one which I find to be delicate and true.  The soap itself lathers well, is very creamy, and lasts for ages.  L'Occitane do some beautiful products, and this is no exception.
I highly recommend this lipstick for women who are fair skinned.
Vichy is a L'Oreal brand, made in France. Don't ask me why the writing on the bottle  looks like Russian.
3850	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice product.  Not gaudy or unnatural.  Would purchase again.
She has 5 different creams, a couple of powders and 2 sticks, varying shades of tan.  She can apply them very quickly now, but of course had to study them carefully for what worked where and such.  I'm pleased that Dermablend is available for people like her, though it's a little expensive for the amount you get (my frugal opinion).
1009	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wear a lot of lipstick and am very particular about  brands. I do find that some really dry my lips out and I don't care for that.  This lipstick was hydrating and went on smoothly.
6296	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lotion is amazing.  It is everything you want it to be.  The scent is fresh, not heavy, the lotion is light and not at all greasy.  This lotion leaves your skin so soft.  I have been using it for 5 days now and I know this sounds crazy but my skin feels so much better.  I love Mario Badescu products, they have yet to disappoint me.
3624	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a good kit, it's a great starter kit for someone who is interested in the PHYTO products, but doesn't want to commit to the larger size options.  I have very thick hair and a sensitive scalp and this worked pretty well to keep my frizz down, while still giving me plenty of volume.  A little bit of this goes a long way, so this kit, despite looking small, still lasted my long (6" past my shoulder) hair for quite a few treatments.  Overall, I like it.
5910	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this new color!
6338	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This light oil is formulated with rose hip extract  not rose hip oil. It has the consistency of water and no discernible odor. Absorbing quickly, it left my skin feeling moist and refreshed. It is to be used after cleansing and toning but before moisturizing. Avoid the eye area. The plastic drop bottle is small but a little goes a long way. Rose hip extract is touted for its anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant properties. I have suffered no ill effects from using this product and am impressed with its gentle hydration.
8132	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Deep cleaning without drying...love it!
Definitely recommend.
8162	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best concealer out there.
7174	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	item exactly as described great quality fast ship
8548	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Very nice sunscreen, doesn't leave your face white. 4 stars due to being a little thin or runny coming out of the tube and always get to much.
1659	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This color is SEXY! Just when I thought I had enough pink polishes, Essie comes out with a beautiful hot  summery fuchsia and I am forced to get just one more.  While Bottle Service is part of Essies neon collection, I wouldnt classify it as neon because it isn't obnoxiously bright.  As with most neon polishes, this one dries matte, so youll need a top coat if you desire a glossy finish.  The formula is rich, easy to apply, with beautiful color pigmentation.  The color was fully opaque after two coats and has lasted a week now.  In regards to the actual color, I have very pale skin (no tan whatsoever) and this color looks fantastic on and doesnt wash me out like some bright colors do.
2205	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesom product
4916	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This does not remove blackheads by itself. It will loosen and brings the blackhead gunk to the surface where it can be easily extracted with a blackhead extraction tool. I've been using this product twice a week and it is hands down one of the best product out there to help with deep pore cleansing. It's a bit messy to use hence why I dock off one star.
4339	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	With the constant humidity in Florida, this product is a life saver. I make sure to keep one in my purse or car at all times. It's so refreshing! It's also really great to use as a setting spray because it helps all the makeup melt into the skin beautifully. Visit my blog at christinaschiccorner.com to read my more detailed review I posted about it.

5846	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had to apply this a few times to my nails in order for the cuticle to be reduced. The cuticles are not as neat as when going to a salon but if you're in a pinch, this works great.
1. Beautiful, floral, yet refreshing taste. It makes your mouth smell wonderful, not as if you'd just brushed your teeth, but as if you just naturally had the sweetest breath in the world.
5539	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
7518	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Holy crap this stuff is amazing!
2843	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	It is greasy and makes my undereye bags look worse. I have tried using one color, or two. Wish I would have returned it!

4370	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great skin product....recommend it for sensitive, combination skin
If you like the feel and smell of menthol you will love this.
I am rash and dermatitis free post shave for the first time in forever. Great shaving foam.
This conditioner is lackluster. I used a dime-sized amount on a decent sized section of clean, damp hair (how I always condition). It did not give me much slip. I finger detangled and that wasn't very productive with this conditioner. I then detangled with a comb to see if it is good for that. The comb glided through, but I suspect only because I had already finger-detangled. I would honestly have to do another test to see its detangling capabilities, but I won't bother because it didn't even condition my hair.
7607	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was disappointed in how this cream performed based on the price I had to pay at the "Cosmetic Dermatologist's" office!
The moisturizer: Once again, the product is pretty neutral in its scent, which I found to be good for me. In fact, none of the three products is very perfumey, which is a plus for most men. In any case, the moisturizer is non-greasy or oily. This is nice at first, but I found that it seemed to dry out after application to the point that I felt like I could use more on my skin. So, I put on more and found that this would essentially evaporate or go away completely, too. As a geezer, I think I need to have a bit more residual help. So, I've ended up going back to Cetaphil lotion to put a thin cover over the top of the Baxter moisturizer.
Happy blushing!
3965	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am very familiar with setting powder. For years I have been buying&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Watts-Beauty-Natural-Loose-Mineral-Powder-Translucent-Finishing-Setting-Powder-Mineral-Veil-Eco-Friendly-Refill-Bag-Huge-20g/dp/B00RH06TE2/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Watts Beauty Natural Loose Mineral Powder - Translucent Finishing - Setting Powder Mineral Veil - Eco Friendly Refill Bag - Huge 20g</a>. It is the only thing that will work but sometimes the company gets the colors mixed up. Meaning, sometimes they place the veil powder in with the setting powder so the colors are never the same. I had to write them to get the correct shade. Since then I have not had any issues.
5212	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Our weather this summer and fall in San Diego has been especially dry, and my skin has been really flaky for a few months.  Exfoliating helps, but I also seem to need a heavy-duty moisturizer at night.  This one really packs a punch!

3225	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have tried them all.  Nothing I have ever used compares to the quality of the shave I get with Jack Black's Supreme Cream.
6748	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This curling iron is fabulous!! I've always bought Conair curling irons over the years and just about every 2 years I end up having to buy a new one for different reasons. Well since I've been using this Hot Tools curling iron, it's the best! It heats up very fast and the heat is evenly distributed through the barrel. PLUS, it came with 2 extra metal pieces for the underside of the barrel that allows the iron to open! And in my experience before, when that piece breaks, you have to buy a whole new curling iron. So that was an added bonus I didn't expect! Overall so far.. A++!!
I've successfully ordered this from Amazon with positive results.  But, unfortunately, that's not always the case lately.  Sometimes it's a close match but just different enough in its performance that I question it.  My latest order gives me no doubt, though, despite arriving in its usual original-looking box/wrapping.  Counterfeit or a major change in OPI's formula, who knows?  But it's awful.  It doesn't stay on well at all and yellows horribly.
5434	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well
* Smell (lavender) is pleasant and not too strong

4838	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Wow, this bottle is SO TINY - I didn't realize how small it was going to be. I was looking for an alternative to dry shampoos that use alcohol. I tried it, not impressed. Smell is ok.
1452	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product.
The feeling is less heavy than I expected, and my makeup lasted all night without wearing off (except for lipstick).
2251	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best toner that I found and use. Love it after I shave my face and head. 'splash on " great scent too.
6571	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I found this product in the Spa on a recent cruise but decided not to purchase it because I'd never heard of it and it seemed expensive.  I found it on Amazon at a better price and the reviews were good so I thought I'd try it.  I really love it!  It's a light texture but really hydrates my skin like a heavier cream and the results are great!  My skin is less dry (and I live in a climate where's its been below zero for much of the winter) and makeup goes on over it beautifully.  I usually don't like scented products, and this has a light scent that I thought might bother me, but I actually really like the scent.  It's light and dissipates quickly.  If you're considering this product, try it!!
570	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As concealers go, this one is excellent. It covered up an age spot and some sun damage much better and more subtly than anything else I've used. It goes on in a very light layer and it conceals very well. The rose beige color is comparable to&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/COVERGIRL-Smoothers-Hydrating-Makeup-Classic-Ivory-1-oz/dp/B001129386/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">COVERGIRL Smoothers Hydrating Makeup Classic Ivory, 1 oz</a>&nbsp;in classic ivory, although the Dermablend is a tad pinker. The coverage is better with the Dermablend, but it is a little dry, so you might want to put moisturizer under it, which I do with the CoverGirl, anyway. The difference in price is huge, though. I'm not in the income bracket to spend $39 on a little pot of makeup when I can spend $7.50-8.00. If you are, by all means, go with the Dermablend.
Just apply a little, smear it around like soap and then rinse it off like soap or use a cotton ball. Either way, the dirt comes off, and my skin is clean, smooth and soft when I am finished.
2620	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lovely floral scent- not too overpowering yet noticeable.  Lasts longer than most perfumes.  Never used this fragrance before- normally use Chanel fragrances (No 5 and Cristalle) and Quelque Fleurs.  Was a good choice for me since I do not like too overpowering and sweet floral scents.  I prefer floral / citrus feminine scents.  I am enjoying the perfume.
173	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this color

If you have sensitive skin, I definitely recommend checking this out to test and see if your skin will behave with this one.  I'm still quite shocked how well it has done for me!
PS. I don't tan fro last 10 years and used low and high end self tanner. My all time fav is St Tropez mousse for instant color.
Keep up the good work there!
This product feels light to the touch and absorbs quickly into the skin with no greasy feel to it. I am able to apply make up immediately, with no wait time. Nothing makes wrinkles go away, but this does soften the skin and does away with flakiness. I would like to say that i will certainly buy this product again, but the price is a little high for my budget. What I will say is that I would like to be able to do so, and in fact would love to try their entire product line.
7203	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Continues to provide the best quality coverage while being kind to the skin!
4226	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent Product, good seller
8206	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really do like this brand a lot. And I find with their colors that you definitely need a good top coat so the polish does not chip and I don't have to re-do the color during the week.
8733	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've struggled with splotchy skin on my arms and back forever, and this really helps. It's not harsh, smells great, replaces my other body washes, and it leaves my skin really smooth feeling and looking. Love it. I definitely notice the difference when I'm not using it. If you are less than pleased with the smoothness of your skin, you should definitely give this a try.
Followed by:

I have a 1" Hot Tool curing iron, just like this one, that I've been using for over 6 years. My husband replaced the plug once because I had to keep wiggling the cord & plug to get everything in the proper place for the curling iron to stay on. Recently I began having problems with the cord again, but this time it's where the cord attaches to the handle & that is why I was ordering another curling iron. This new design is supposed to prevent that problem...only time will tell. I will update my review if necessary.
5841	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased an array of Butter LONDON products. I think this basecoat is my favorite. It has a great consistancy, doesn't smell too strong, dries fast and has a nice tint and almost a matte finish.
2282	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product
If you have baby fine hair as I do, don't over-do it -- just use maybe a dime-sized at most, and don't apply it to the roots - also, work it in really well into wet/damp hair, and then blow dry with a round brush--though I want to try it without blow drying to see what it will do. I also noticed it made my hi-lights look better - I think it must be the "smoothing" effects that allowed my hi-lights to shine, but whatever the case, this product works for me.


4925	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	If you buy this product in an authentic form from a reputable seller then it will be a dream come true.  I have been using this foundation for about a year and would not consider switching to anything else.  Along with my Tarte airbrush brush, it creates almost flawless base.  I have slight melasma and it covers most of the discoloration.  It never cakes (if applied with the tarte brush) and it is pretty good at controlling oil production.  My one suggestion is to go into a store that sells this product to get color matched because their color palette is off.  I am using a color called Golden Glow and I am pretty white yet it somehow matched my undertones perfectly.  Also keep in mind that this foundation goes fast so be prepared to replace it every two months or so if used daily.
It is somewhat strong smelling as well.
5148	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful product.  I use this product daily!
7385	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have had the occasion to use several Vincent Longo products and I realize that this line of products provides a high quality product for a pretty hefty price.  In most situations I have found you get a really good product for your investment.  However, in this case, I am just not sure about this one.
This is the first item in this line of Dermablend cosmetics from LOreal that Ive received, and it is my very favorite.  It covers my skin imperfections well.

Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.
3843	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells clean and nice; works very well. I have no need to look for an HG for dry shampoo, this is it!

3289	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this balm! It's not heavy or waxy. Your lips will soak this in (not just sit on top of them). The taste is minty and fresh without being over-powering. Jack Black and Burt's Bees lip balms are my absolute favorites!
8472	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The perfect eye cream for me. I have very dry skin, especially under my eyes. This cream makes my under eye area incredibly soft and hydrated. I don't have any issues with fine lines as of yet so I can't speak on that, but if you need hydration, this is the stuff to try! I also have very sensitive skin and it doesn't irritate my skin at all.
I use a lot of Crabtree & Evelyn products because they are high quality and they work well. I have never experienced any negative experience when using this brand or this product.
1708	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I drooled over this color when it arrived! I bought it as favors for a bachelorette party and so did NOT want to give it away! It has a really pretty subtle shimmer.
1479	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The only polish I can wear that doesn't chip off in 2 days.  It is organic, so that must be the difference.

4521	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great part of a good skin care regime
2607	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for over 10 years. It goes on easily and helps reduce redness as well as fine lines and wrinkles.
6389	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the ONLY body soap I've ever been able to use without it irritating my skin!  It is lightly scented, cleanses thoroughly yet gently, and rinses off well. It leaves your skin soft and CLEAN. Clears up any breakouts on chest or back areas too. Received a sample in a previous order and then ordered the full size. Will definitely buy again!!!
I like this product.  It removes makeup like it says.  I also like that there is no sting like you get from many toners.  It leaves you with just a fresh feeling.
6755	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This curling iron is the best curling iron I have every used! I used my friend's to curl my hair for a wedding I was in, and I bought one soon after! It works very well!
- Absolutely does not remove eye makeup
6549	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product
I selected this item because I needed a new clipper and although this is supposedly for men, it really should be marketed as unisex because it's small enough to be for both.
Why I love this product:
This Juice Beauty skin cream is just what my face needed. It's so thick and rich, but leaves skin soft and not greasy at all. The smell is good. I've certainly had face creams with fragrances I've disliked, and this one isn't one of those. I can't quite put my finger on what the fragrance is. At first I thought maybe there were notes of lime or green tea, but I can't say for certain. It's a bright fragrance and works well as my morning moisturizer, and the cream even works well under makeup. Very nice!
7567	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this hair spray.  Since I first found this brand and type several years ago I refuse to use anything else.  Yes it is a bit pricey but it works great!  I love how lightweight it feels,  It lasts all day long without breaking down.  I also like the smell too.  It doesn't have the strange alcohol odor that some do.  Overall a great product.  No complaints at all about it.
Thanks for offering this great product at a great price!
3103	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It appears to be a great product.  Smells pleasant, glides on skin wonderfully, pump is easy to use... We will see in time if it will work for me.  I lost 40 pounds and, of course, a lot of it shed from my chest... If only you could guide where your weight loss will go from... LOL
5894	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Wears off and chips easily - lasts about 2 days.

8445	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have purchased Mario Badescu products in the past.

5708	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it.  The coverage is complete and it stays until I wash it out.  The price is good too!
for healing applications.

2713	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff.  Smells so clean.  A lady who did facial used this.  It really feels good on skin.
4984	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have to take over the reigns of this, my wife usually writes the reviews but she wanted to give an honest critique of the product used by a man. Well, I like it. It does what is is supposed to do. Especially the cleanser. I work out heavily and my face feels really clean afterwards and this stuff even gets deep into my winter beard  and that's quite the task.
3233	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's very light.  It's very citrusy.  Those are my granddaughter's comments.  She likes it a lot and said she will buy it again.  I can attest that the odor is very delicate and the citrus has undertones of floral hints as well.  I like it on her.  Her Father also commented on it, and he never notices anything, so that should say something about it right there.  Her Mother is out of State so I can't get her comments, but I was pretty impressed that her Dad noticed!
The cool menthol and eucalyptus gave an incredible feeling.
 makes pedicure last at least 1 month.
2637	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Its not the best moisturizer, but the scent is great. I use it when I want a light fragrance, but perfume would be too much.  It smells sweet and powdery like cotton candy, but with a definate feminine twist.
6600	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My best friend turned me onto this product, spraying this on your face feels like a breeze of fresh air. It is wonderful for setting makeup, for a quick refresher, and for after washing your face. I highly recommend this product.
6018	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	like it
My only complaint is that it goes by WAAAY too fast and I have a ton of the pink stuff left at the bottom of the bottle but none of the alcohol liquid that sits on top of it. (So I have squired witch hazel and rubbing alcohol in it to make it last, it still seems to work this way)
- One bottle lasted me through the winter
6399	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I rotate this mask, the Whiteneing Mask, and the Super Collagen Mask. This one is really calming (duh) between uses of the other two more harsh ones. It soothes any redness that I have from using exfoliating products and leaves my skin soft and moisturized.
7223	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Light, but still good coverage.
2009	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love love love this color! Perfect mix of purple and pink for a new fall color. Dries just a touch darker then the bottle shows, in my opinion. Perfect.

2. Rinses clean, without residue
4831	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great for the in between days, scent is amazing!
26	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A truly wonderful product for a mega watt smile. Works best with the accelerator .whitens my veneers too.my natural teeth match my veneers


I let my stubble grow for 4 days before shaving.  An acid test.
It smells like leather and unsmoked tobacco.  I don't smoke, but I love the smell of cigarette tobacco.  This and Rive Gauche pour Homme are the manliest colognes I own.  It's versatile too; I use it for any occasion, including just hanging at home.  Two sprays to the chest and one to the neck and I'm good for the day.  I wouldn't be surprised if Clint Eastwood or George Clooney use this.
8046	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great to hide thinning hair patches. Just shake on the areas that are thinning. Works by concealing balding scalp areas - the micro fibers lay on top of your scalp darkening the area so your otherwise shiny noggin doesn't show thru the thinning hair. Also somewhat thickens the appearance of hair. Withstands wind pretty well & moisture to some degree. Washes out easily with shampoo and water. Will also rub off on your hands if you run your hands thru your hair. Is purely a cosmetic fix to hiding hair loss. For it to work well, it's necessary for there to be some hair, even if it is fine and short, present to which the fibers can adhere and fill in. Best for concealing small patches. Causes me no irritation and don't even know I'm using it.

14	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this scent....  it's so refreshing and clean and yummy.  I don't know what fragrances are used for this Gardener's scent, but it is incredibly appealing, IMO and I doubt it would be perceived as offensive.  Rich & creamy as well.

6060	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Super amazing face mask ,,,, just make your skin fresh , tight and glow in 20 mins

9333	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	ok
7349	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As a beauty product hoarder for decades now, I discovered long ago that many products are made from the same manufacturer and simply repackaged under different brand names. Eye pencils - liners or for brows - usually fall into that category. The majority of brands, regardless of price, are made in Germany. That doesn't make them bad, just making an observation. I was surprised and impressed to see that this Vincent Longo pencil is made in Italy, a difference I noticed the first time I used the pencil. This goes on easily, wears well and the slim design feels good in your hand and allows for precise application. While I do have highlighted hair, I am naturally "mousey brown" and as such my eyebrows are fairly dark. Even so, I have found that using brown brow pencils look too dark and "painted on" for me so I switched to taupe/blonde pencils years ago. This pencil is perfect - a luxury product that I would recommend to more than just blondes. It provides good definition without looking as severe as some of the darker pencils. Beauty product cynic that I am, I did not expect to be impressed by an eyebrow pencil but this is a great product and one I will continue to use.
1520	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Delivered on time.
2042	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice color from Essie.  It seems to be a winter color to me and I have it on right now.  It is a very deep purple with a brown tone to it.  Almost coppery.  Essie polish is always easy to use and has very nice colors.
3368	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I had another bottle of this shade from a couple of years ago, and this shade was not exactly the same.
2234	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good product. I bought these to use before micro dermabrasion and they work well for that-not too harsh. The only issue I have with them is that they are very thin and hard to separate. I always end up having to handle a second pad to get the first & I worry about contamination since the second pad goes back in the jar and sits there for a few days.
Propylene Glycol
7410	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As I have aged I have noticed that my skin has become dryer, especially my face so I am always on the look out for moisturizer that I can put on and forget about  but that also does the work of making my skin softer and more subtle.  This cream fills the bill as you put it on at night so it works while you sleep and after a few days application there is a noticeable difference to my skins softness and it is noticeably less dry .  Great product.
The good news is that, even if these Baxter brand items were 'inspired' by similar items already on the market, it does seem like they have been able to improve them. As it turns out, I've always longed for a gentle Cetaphil cleanser that was slightly soapier - and here it is! I enjoy Sea Breeze, but it's too strong for my sensitive skin. Hooray! A slightly gentler Sea Breeze. The moisturizer is pretty generic, but I'm happy that it is fragrance free, oil free, and doesn't make my face look like a sticky mess.
6258	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great stuff, really improves your nails. Great smell. I use this at night every day.


5686	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used to use another brand, but the next morning all my head started to scratch,
8895	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for 6 yrs. I would not use any other product. I am very pleased with my results. I am 73 and my skin looks good for my age. Thanks, Elemis.

It does not contain big 3s and that is a plus.
3263	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great lip balm for the dry months, sort of like a premium chap stick. The minty feel is refreshing and the balm itself dose its job.
It is so nice to wear tights, stockings, or nylons during the Winter to have confidence that leg imperfections will not be seen with dresses, and on ankles under pants above boots.  However, during cooler months especially, it is very nice to see perfect body skin peeking out of your clothing.  Not only does this product render a flawless airbrushed look, it is actually very resistant to liquid or rubbing off onto hands or clothing.  I absolutely loved the look when I put it on; and then darn, I was noticing in the light that my shade was a bit peachier than my actual sallow skin.  This might not be problematic for you with full-body applications, as for me on an occasional basis as desired; yet finding your closest match will save you a lot of bother, and will please you I believe.  As I have expressed that this product renders a nice, airbrushed look, and I believe even because of the staying power alone this Dermablend Pro product is worth looking into.  It just didn't muss up and rub off.

4432	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'll be honest.  I wasn't sure about the idea of a "no rinse" facial cleanser.  Even though I love, love, love this cleanser, I still feel compelled to rinse it off after I'm done massaging it into my skin.  Call me old fashioned.
It smells like heaven. Moisturizes, softens, shines hair. Doesn't weigh hair down and doesn't create build-up. I use a cleansing conditioner instead of regular shampoo/conditioner combo since it is a lot milder and I haven't noticed any product build-up at all.
It is moisturizing and non-drying but it has some fruit extracts, including fruit acids.  These, I think, are critical.  (See the full ingredients list by zooming in on the product image of the back of the container.)  They have some mildly astringent properties that actually tone/tighten the skin based on my experience, but they also do a bit of gentle exfoliation.  If you have sensitive skin and can't take strongly acidic toners, this may be an option for you.  (I am a big fan of exfoliators, especially gentle ones like this because I sometimes go overboard with the scrubs and have to dial things back a bit.  But it is hard to go overboard with this type of product as long as you apply it with a gentle or non-scractchy cotton pad.)

THE BOTTOM LINE
It also has great longevity.  I can go a week without chips (when used with top coat) on my finger nails and even longer when it's used as a pedicure.
220	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a gorgeous pastel pink color! The only down fall to this color is it required 3 coats to get an even application. Other than that, this color is gorgeous and perfect for when you're not sure what color to paint your nails!
2287	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First off, Revision (who makes Teamine) does not test on animals. I refuse to buy from companies that support cruelty so it's nice to know that Revision does not support such stupid, cruel and psychotic methods such as animal testing.
5. I do like the jack black eye serum.
I do find that I need more drops than is suggested but the bottle is fairly generous and lasts a long time (and I use it often).
967	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	2inches is larger than you think! Make sure you don't just want a 1.5 inch iron before you order this. It is lovely, works very well, and can be used to wave or straighten. It is especially useful for my layers.

4818	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE this product! I use it so I don't have to dye my hair every month to keep it red, and it definitely works. I feel like I just dyed my hair every time I use it. The reason I say to use cautiously is because it WILL make your hair fall out if you leave it in longer than 5 minutes. I made that mistake once wanting a deeper color tone and had a handful of hair fall out (but nothing too serious! don't let that deter you from buying this great product). I mix about a handful with a deep conditioner and my hair feels smooth, shiny, and has extra color that makes everyone ask me if I'm a natural redhead. Buy this if you're looking to get that natural redhead look!
8550	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best moisturizer I have ever used.  Skin looks softer and smoother and younger and brighter :-)
8195	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When I don't want to put a colored nail polish on, I go for this. It smooths out my nails and looks very natural. I love using it as a base coat too.

912	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use just a little bit of this on my hair before blowdrying.  It really does make my hair thicker and I need to use a lot less toppek hair fibers which is good. Now, the Toppek hair spray adds no extra value.  I just use a cheap spray from the drug store.
9327	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product its really helps my hair can't go with out it. Just buy some and try it once you do you will be hooked. I have long fine naturally curly hair and I used three pumps after shower.
3140	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great!
3149	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the smell, the only drawback is that it dissapates way too fast!! The bottle itself is exquisitely designed!


7381	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have no idea what this is made of -- stardust maybe?  But it is super slick and just the best feeling stuff that I have come across in ages.  It helps fill in a few wrinkles and provides a nice base for your foundation.  I did use this with the creme powder also by Vincent Longo and this will be amazing for summer.  I have also tried this under Clinique foundation (wrinkle repair) and it works nicely.  You do need to use a moisturizer under this to get the full effect.  Just be sure to let everything soak in (about 5-10 min. apart) before you start your foundation application.
845	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	"Strivectin-SD is much less expensive than surgery, but it's not cheap. Finally, for maxium efficacy, StriVectin-SD must be applied three times a day, every day for 4-6 weeks....StriVectin-SD works, but you have to use it. So unless you're committed to getting rid of stretch marks, don't waste your time, your energy, or your money."
244	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color. Natural and fresh
4358	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pure hydrating water in a convenient spray.
I've also enjoyed using it before my toner in the morning, and before applying lip stains, which sometimes sink into the cracks in my lips unevenly. The light dusting of water seems to spread out the tint to where it applies really nicely on my lips.
Being that this is a deodorant, it won't stop your perspiration, but it certainly can assist in neutralizing body odor that develops.  Of course, your own body will determine how the chemicals react, even more so than using the cologne.  I personally find this stick to be outstanding and recommend trying this on your feet if you have the need for counteracting unappealing smells there.

However, to me, the brows are even more important than  eye-liner, which I gave up years ago. :-) But I insist on that perfect arch on the brow with medium width hairs. I can't stand the look of the very thin-lined brow reminiscent of earlier ages; thin lines tend to age the entire face, IMO. I see a lot of young girls who pluck their brows too thin, instantly aging them and detracting from the eyes. Hmmm...
3788	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this and I have repurchased it 4 times now
4990	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I tried all the major brands for men and Baxters is definately a step above the rest. All product mfg have at least one of my favorites. This is the best buy for the three items. I do like all three products and they work well.
1818	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for fall/winter!
This is a great idea for a product, but I think you have to be very careful about matching the color. It either works for you ... or it is going to look a little funny.
August Update
The packaging is simple and straightforward - the bottle is squeezable and is similar to an eye drop bottle.  The serum comes out easily,
As for how it works - I have pretty dry skin.  It  absorbs anything with moisture then wants more more more.  This kind of just sat on top for awhile before finally get all sucked up.  It doesn't take very much - the old a little goes a long way.  My skin does feel fairly decent after using it but I'm not sure it's any better than the cheaper alternatives I have available to me.  I'll use up what I have but probably wouldn't buy it again - only because I'm a cheapskate and the cheaper stuff doesn't aggravate my sensitive skin.  If I didn't have alternatives that already worked for me, I'd probably go ahead and use this - very sparingly - I said I'm a cheapskate.
8231	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Got tons of compliments on this polish.  I wear it on my toes and the 2 coats that I used has held up for 2 weeks beautifully.  I also paired with Butter base coat and top coat.  I've had multiple people comment that they think the color should be called, robin's egg blue:)
My only beef is they don't fill the containers all the way up.
3633	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love......
This is comes in a classy looking bottle.  I can smell the fragrance even with the bottle closed. The smell is strong when coming out of the bottle but becomes more subtle after a shower. It does have a sweet smell but that is tempered by a more masculine smell.
1871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is oh so pretty! Love it! Goes on great! Beautiful matte finish. I did pay a steep price of $20.00. The price listed is half of what I paid sadly...
3636	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	muy bueno

I've found it to be very sticky and tacky if used daily; I apply this spray only after a fresh hair washing & fiber application, finishing off with a lighter weight hairspray.
6022	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I like this brand, but not this particular cream.  It didn't really absorb into my skin, but just sat on top of it feeling greasy ... while at the same time leaving my skin feeling dry.  I had to blend it with some argan oil to keep my skin from feeling dry.
5761	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I first came across this hairspray from my hairstylist. Then I found some at TJMaxx super cheap so I bought a can. I loved the first bottle of it, so next time I was at TJMaxx I bought every bottle they had, LOL! But since then I don't know if the texture of my hair has changed or what, but I don't like it anymore. It smells great but I ended up giving all of them to my Mom who does still love this! This is the only CHI hairspray I've ever tried so I can't really compare it to any other hairspray they offer. Maybe I'll try a firmer spray next time I want to try a CHI hairspray.
8314	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Be sure to buy this nail lacquer from Butter London and NOT from Shop Adorn!!  Butter London is a quality product, but Shop Adorn sent me old, thick, streaky BL nail lacquer.

5101	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice product....have always loved Pevonia!

6965	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have very dry skin.. and wrinkles. How could I  not accept the offer to try Juice Beauty Green Apple Age Defy Moisturizer? I gave this one 3 stars out of the box, because no animal testing is done. Star #4 was because it has natural products and no heavy fragrance. Also, it moisturizes. I began using it the morning it arrived and have been using it morning and night for several days.
 The all-or-nothing method all over my face, neck and chest I've done for YEARS wasn't working to benefit each areas needs. Can't believe it took me so long to figure it all out.
3642	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've used other Xen-Tan products in the last but not this mousse. I have very pale legs and like a bit of color in them for yoga/capris. This mousse goes on very easily with the optional mitt (sold separately). I recommend duty mitt: I've done this with disposable gloves and the mitt gives more even, streak free coverage. The scent is quite pleasant, a warm vanilla fragrance.

This is a great price for a quality product

I use it with the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Salux-Nylon-Japanese-Beauty-Skin-Bath-Wash-Cloth-towel-3-Blue-Yellow-and-Pink/dp/B007IAE5WY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Salux Nylon Japanese Beauty Skin Bath Wash Cloth/towel (3) Blue Yellow and Pink</a>&nbsp;and find that it lathers very well with this wash cloth.
3416	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color.

2535	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it

All in all, this works well for my skin type.  I do not have a lot of wrinkles or fine lines on my face, so I would not be able to accurately tell you if this helps with anti aging.  The SPF works pretty well, I work outside a lot of the time, and I have yet to get a sunburn on my face.
5662	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product give me the confidence to go out without wearing a hat.
4681	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Haven't used this yet but it smells so amazing!
Also very refreshing to just spray now and then over my makeup later in the day or on bare skin.
Now, about the use of parabens, I would expect given the trend of moving away from these types of preservatives that a product of this price and quality would approach a more main stream stance of replacing them.

This however is what makes me wonder how much this balm will appeal to men. I got this and have been using it, comparing it to my glosses and finding it has very similar qualities. Then I discovered this line was designed for guys. I don't think I could convince my husband to use something that's so gloss like. Something so smooth and shiny. When I had him try it out, he wiped it off and said it felt like he was wearing women's makeup. He stated it reminded him of when he kisses me just after I have applied one of my glosses to my lips. He uses chap-stick and occasionally Blistex when he has a cold or very chapped lips, but he can't bring himself to wear something that so much resembles lip gloss.
9285	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have always been skeptical about purchasing a bronzer that was over $10. But this is worth the price. This blends effortlessly and is the perfect matte brown. I have been using this product for a few days now and I look forward to bronzing and contouring with this! Lets just say that if this bronzer costed double the price, I still will purchase.
The CLEAN scents I've tried are definitely a departure from my other fragrances and something that I can wear every day.  Fresh Laundry is a very pretty scent that I'm enjoying right now.
8409	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Leaves my face feeling clean.
I am a big fan of Jack Black products.  So hard to find good skin care products made for men, and like their other products, this didn't disappoint.  Well worth the $15 a tube.
2770	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good , but unfortunately i received one bottle almost  was empty because the packing was not good.
2779	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it! Great aftershave balm for the winter.
7654	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT PRODUCT.
SHAVING- let me save you years of trial and error: take a warm shower & wash your face with billy jealousy exfoliating facial cleanser, shave afterwards with a $50 Merkur safety razor handle with good blades (save $100's on mach 3 refills!), use a $20 Tweezerman badger hair shaving brush to apply taylor of old street bond (or proraso) shaving cream (you can let it set in a minute), shave WITH the grain DOWN, SLOWLY, SOFTLY (don't press hard- let the weight of the handle and sharp blade do the cutting), lastly rub on a fingertip of proraso pre/post shave cream while your face is still wet and let it dry! Say goodbye to razor bumps and ingrown hairs FOREVER! Trust me- I've tried dozens of pricey face washes, shaving creams, and after shaves over the last 4 years. If you don't want to commit so much money yet- order the pre/post shave proraso cream online, buy proraso shave cream online or at bath and body works (under their C.O. Bigelow label) then get the cheap single blade disposables (mach 3's are too aggressive) at a grocery store and you'll notice a difference overnight.
The first time I tried it, I put it on my arms.  It has a slight pleasant scent to it.  I just use a little dab ( see picture) and it goes a long way.  My dog came over to me and tried to lick my arms lol so I guess it's a good scent to him too lol.  The scent dissipates after a momment. When my skin stayed normal the next day, I tried it on my face before I went to bed.  I woke up the next morning, and no new breakouts!  I already had 2 breakouts from getting my face waxed ( I went to a new salon and something they used on my face after waxing to calm the redness made me breakout). Both the breakouts were visibly reduced.  My skin feels soft. My forehead was a little shiny the first day so I've decided to use the moisturizer once a day for now to see how my skin reacts.  As this product has sod in it I decided to use during the day.  So far so good once a day use.
779	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I found this product comparable to the BB cream that I've been using. It is lightweight, and easy to build up in certain areas where you might need a bit of concealment. It's just a bit too lightweight for winter use for me, though it might be perfect for summer usage. It can also be hard to get it open and to make sure it is tightened correctly. No scent that I could detect, and even though I have sensitive and dry skin, it did not make me break out or dry out.

3. Doesn't aggravate my sensitive skin
I like the consistency of this face wash vs the bar none face wash. This is thicker and seems to suds up better. This does not leave my face dry but neither did the bar none face wash. This has a nice smell to it and washes off cleanly. I feel like I get more uses out of a bottle vs the thinner bar none face wash.

This is not drying or soapy, and itt is perfect for aging skin like mine. I put it on a cotton pad and it feels lovely, being clear, and not smelling perfumey.
4. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SMOOTH LIQUID CAMO MEDIUM COVER FOUNDATION (25 SPF):
6671	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	PERFECT!
3650	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used the sunless cream from this company and it is incredible! When it read med/dark, I was scared it would be too much for my very fair skin. I also was nervous about it being a mouse. I have used mouse products before and they never apply evenly to my skin. I was happily surprised at how well this applied and it did not have one streak in it!
7008	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My niece has been fighting acne problems for several years. Not severe; just enough to be distressing and annoying. She has been using the Juice Beauty Organics to Clear Skin Kit for a couple of weeks now and it appears to be doing a pretty good job of clearing it up for her. The cleanser seems to be the best part of the kit. The moisturizer, not so much. Too thick and feels clogging and the scent is less than wonderful. Each person's skin is different, of course, so this probably works better on some than others. Definitely worth trying and she will continue to use the cleanser. Still not sure of the final outcome here. I will post updates as I hear more.
1322	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Having used this product for over a year, finding the larger size available on Amazon is a huge money saver for me.  Thank You!
My wife was asked on two seperate occasions what she was wearing and that the frangrance was very nice.
Hey, Juice Beauty, if you are reading this, I hope you'll consider repackaging this with a pump!
3400	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	pretty pink, just a bit of sparkle.  it's a little darker than i thought, to...
Shea butter is the 2nd ingredient after the "juices".  Because of this, the texture is actually a delight -- imagine shea butter diluted down to an emulsion, creating a thin, flexible, protective film on your face that acts as a barrier/primer.  It has that matte drydown often found in shea, but is much thinner and lighter -- the slight firming sensation acts as a temporary "freeze" while filling in pores and fine lines. Amazingly, I found it effective as a wind chafing barrier, cushioning my face from the biting cold. I love that it is non-oily in texture, allowing me to layer stuff over it. No pilling at all -- compatible with your other serums/sunscreens/foundations.
453	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The LOreal Dermablend Professional line of cosmetics is new to me.  They earn being in a high-end category in my opinion. They do not seem to be scented or too chemical. The jars, tubes, compacts are made very sturdy to last along with your make-ups. I have many favorites among them, yet I believe they all stand very well on their own.
8357	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great prod

2141	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good shaving cream for the price, but there are better artisan soaps out there for not too much more money

5961	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is very pretty. It's very bright yellow. I love the Butter London brand already - great hues, love the brush and it last a long time. I highly recommend this polish if you're looking for something bright and cheery.
3652	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works very well and is now my favorite self tanning product.  It smells wonderful, vanilla scent, so it's a pleasure to use.  No harsh chemical smell.
5781	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. The best part is the fact that it is a thick foam! Absolutely love washing my face with it! I will keep on purchasing these!
edit 9/4/2012: The coating is starting to come off under the clamp. I've only used it 4 times. I would suggest getting babyliss instead.
3070	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product.
The cleanser has a lotion consistency with a very subtle fragrance.  It takes a very small amount to cover my face.  Ive been using it for about two weeks and have absolutely no irritation. This is another one of my favorite Vichy products.

It's similar to the BareMinerals Mineralixirs Facial Cleansing Oil I've been using. It feels wonderful on my mature skin, and when you add water it emulsifies and rinses off beautifully.  Since I always remove my eye makeup first with my favorite (Clinique Rinse-Off Eye Makeup Solvent) I have no issue with whether this product can do that.  The scent is heavenly and not overbearing.  The pump dispenses a perfect amount2 pumps is perfect for me.  I think it's reasonably priced and recommend.
3663	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a better self-tanning product than usual. You really should have the mitt to apply it and rinse the mitt first and let it dry before using it.
8458	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like this cleanser. My face feels very clean after using it, but doesn't feel dry.
2858	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This concealer didn't work for me.  It is too thick, even when I warmed it up between two fingers. The ingredients don't allow for the best kind of coverage.  It always looks thick, even when blended on the face.
UPDATE: After using entire bottle ... the scent became too much for me. Will not purchase again
8475	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This facial cleansing soap is not what I expected. It has fine granules - somehow I missed that in the description. I wanted to use it to remove my makeup - but with the granules I have to remove my mascara separately. Having said that, my husband grabbed the bottle and adores it. He has dry skin and this formula does not strip or irritate his face.

It is so nice to wear tights, stockings, or nylons during the Winter to have confidence that leg imperfections will not be seen with dresses, and on ankles under pants above boots.  However, during cooler months especially, it is very nice to see perfect body skin peeking out of your clothing.  Not only does this product render a flawless airbrushed look, it is actually very resistant to liquid or rubbing off onto hands or clothing.  I absolutely loved the look when I put it on; and then darn, I was noticing in the light that my shade was a bit peachier than my actual sallow skin.  This might not be problematic for you with full-body applications, as for me on an occasional basis as desired; yet finding your closest match will save you a lot of bother, and will please you I believe.  As I have expressed that this product renders a nice, airbrushed look, and I believe even because of the staying power alone this Dermablend Pro product is worth looking into.  It just didn't muss up and rub off.
9084	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was so excited to order this curling iron when my old one broke.  I had heard amazing things about the Hot Tools curling iron and they are all true.  It curls better and faster than any other curling iron I've used.  If you've been considering buying this curling iron, just do it!
7775	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a huge fan of this facewash.  It's so refreshing and leaves my skin feeling so clean.  I have very oily skin and wear foundation so a lot of products just don't feel like they are getting my face clean to the surface. The menthol in this feels tingly and amazing.  Be sure to keep your eyes shut tightly because the menthol will sting your eyes.
It also has great longevity.  I can go a week without chips (when used with top coat) on my finger nails and even longer when it's used as a pedicure.
8305	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this brand of polish because of the healthier ingredients. I also bought the base and top coats by Butter London ($29.99 for both) and followed exact instructions. I used a base coat, 2 coats of polish and top coat. Less than 24 hours later, it's chipped dramatically all over. Unfortunately, I can't return these products because of Amazon's return policy of hazardous materials i.e. nail polish.
1004	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using these glycolic pads on my face for months, every few nights.  They are great for removing dead skin and leaveyour skin smooth, clean, and refreshed.  They tingle a bit when put on, and probably aren't good for very sensitive skin.
I docked a star for the frustrating package it comes in. If the bottle was a little wider and shorter it would be perfect. When you get to the bottom of the bottle, you can't really reach it with a regular sized felt-tipped swab, for one thing, and for another usually the alcohol will completely dry out before you even get to the stuff so it dries into powder (I have gone through two bottles already). The last of the product is wasted unless you add a little of your own alcohol to the bottle and dig a cotton swab in there, covering your fingers in the residue at the top.
4864	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jane Iredale products always please and do not break me out
2453	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I suffered for years with dandruff. I've tried every thing from T-Gel to Tea Tree and so on. Nothing could get rid of my dandruff except for the the Philip B Anti-Flake. It doesn't smell as pretty as the other Philip B products, in fact it smells like tar and potting soil. However, use it as directed with a balancing shampoo like the Scent of Santa Fe or with a moisturizing shampoo like the Nordic Wood in order to give your hair better body.
2369	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GOOD.

I hope it is going to be efficient way to review all of the ones product in this line, including compatible products along the way. Respectively:

8160	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I will buy this product again. the color is great and it feels so good. will try other colors next time
9346	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i have very curly (read: frizzy) hair...it is also very dry hair...
5920	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Hideous.  Butter London is a high quality lacquer but every once in a while the colours are not true.  This is an example of a lacquer gone bad.

9503	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I decided to give the Juicy Beauty eye cream a try as a measure of prevention.  I don't yet have eye wrinkles and I am trying to prevent them from forming.  I'm in my thirties, so I figure that now is the time to start a prevention regimen.
9038	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, love  this flat iron.  I have baby fine hair and it has so many setting it does not break my hair.  Best flatiron I have ever had.
684	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product, and I've been buying it for at least a year now for me and my partner. It has a light minty smell. The product might not lather as much as other products because it does not contain sodium laurel sulfate, which is a very abrasive product. It cleans better than other products and does a great job even using just a small amount of the product. I'd definitely recommend this product (and other Baxter products). I've noticed that I have less hair breakage.
FYI --You might want to read the list of ingredients -- the argan oil is listed as about the 4th ingredient in the bottle.... so I don't think it's the argan oil that is doing the trick out of this bottle.
Highly recommend!
1278	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using this product for years to improve thinning hair
7635	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I know I need to use a daily sunscreen, but I don't like heavy or oily products on my face.  Coola White Tea is light and absorbs like a moisturizer while offering more sun protection than my usual daily routine.

This does contain hyaluronic acid (as sodium hyaluronate) but this product is advertised as vegan so I'm going to assume the hyaluronic acid comes from bacteria.  This is great if you want to avoid animal products but get the benefits of hyaluronic acid (very moisturizing; it's a polymer that hangs onto lots of water molecules within its chemical structure and is used in many anti-aging preparations).

3568	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I did not see that the buffering lotion was of any benefit to me.
7734	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	At first, I thought I would not like, this due to the fact that when I put it on, my face felt a tingling-almost burning sensation. It did not last long but I was afraid I would not be able to use it. However, I did try it again and this time I mixed it with my Vit E night cream. My face felt much better this time. I did notice that this product has Hylauronic acid in it and I have read somewhere that this can affect the skin with a tingling type sensation. It has helped make my skin feel more hydrated and my grandson says my face feels soft. What more could I ask for.

Definitely love this stuff and I'm glad I got the chance to try it.
8530	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Alcohol-free toners are a mixed bag for me.  Some of them are ineffective for my oily summer skin.  But so far, this one has been great (which is good because I have an absolutely huge container of it that will likely last months, even used twice a day).
9607	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I always been a fan of L'Occitane and their soaps. I usually get the milk soap but I decided to try Verbena. The soft scented soap is composed of 100% vegetable base and enriched with shea butter and verbena. The soap provides a generous lather and imparts a delicate scent and lasting softness on skin. A bit pricey than say soap you can find at the drugstore but it's worth the occasional splurge.

Smells pleasant with a flowery and rose-esque fragrance.
For the price, I don't think that this brow pencil works for me anyway.  Nice color, but very disappointing wear time.  I don't want to have to try that hard with any brow products. I prefer to apply and not have to think about it for the rest of the day.

I've only used it a couple of times so I can't speak to the long term effects but the results so far at as follows:

I've worked with this item in several colors and they ALL are darker than these images appear.  While I do appreciate that they have a wide shade range, I wish better photos and descriptions were provided.
6874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Must have in your medicine cabinet!
still it is a lovely shampoo and smells kind of like caramel. I think it is gentle. I have been looking for higher quality shampoos and I think this one is pretty good so far.
3844	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i like this product even if it has some powder fall out.  It works well in my hair and the smell is great.  It makes my hair hold curls and look so much better.


1779	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Not as shimmery as the image shows, its definitely like a dark gray, the image looks more of a 'silvery' look, but still a really great color. I love it
3975	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used several different brands of setting powder before receiving this product.  My go to brand for the last year or so has been MakeUp Forever.  I am now a Vichy fan and will be purchasing this brand! I read the description about volcanic water and didn't really expect much but I am telling you this super fine powder is truly correcting and has improved my skin.
4107	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use electric shavers.  As a youngster, I used brushes in a bowl.  This review is based on electric rotary shavers.
The color I received, Whitney was a little pinker then I usually purchase but it was very pretty. I tend to layer my lipsticks and will use this one for sure. I'm planning on trying some of the other colors too. Very nice and recommended.
9396	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great neutral color and reliable as are all the OPI polishes.  Reliable, prompt service from sender..
9476	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Really thick and sticky. It also arrived in a plain tub with no label.
5789	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am almost 50 years old. Suddenly my skin started breaks out. I bought it and it works!! It cleared my skin nicely. I run out on the cleanser and used another line one I had. Of course my skin broke out. I run to my laptop and reorder it.

9949	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Proraso shave cream with great success.  I purchased this "Soap in the Bowl" to support a recent vacation as I did not want to travel with my ceramic bowl.  This product provided a very comparable lather and since it was the same ingredients as the cream in the tube, I did not experience any break-outs as a result.  This is a must have for travel or for anyone not wanting to mess with the separates.
391	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow. This Dermablend brand is amazing. I am no make up professional, but I have to say this cream cover goes on extremely well, and it covers any spot or blemish you have on your face. It does provide coverage, complete coverage. I found best used with an applicator. The tone matched the color extremely well, and it smoothes in nicely. Very impressive. It's like painting your face, but matches perfectly. I've been using the different shades from spring to summer, pale to tan.
3845	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am glad I found the thinner. I have always heard you can use a couple drops of polish remover to thin the nail polish but never trusted it. Now I have the correct products to use to make my manicure last as long as possible and still look really nice.

9518	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like some Juice Beauty products and dislike others.  This one is in the "like" column, with one caveat (which I'll get to in a moment).
2290	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the best makeups I've ever used. The color is perfect no orange or yellow look. It's very natural.
This comes with a little spatula if your nails are long, or not to contaminate the foundation on the jar.
This is the first time I've tried an eye cream by Nuxe, and it is very soothing and gentle.  When I use it after waking up in the morning, I can also tell that it takes away some of the puffyness that I often wake up with because of my allergies.

7764	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful cream. It moistures my skin but does not make it greasy. I suffer from occasional rosacea and this cream seems to have reduced my breakouts. The overall texture of my skin has improved. I looked at my photographs from several years ago and noticed that the sun spots I had are gone today. This cream works as well as IPL treatment I used to have. It obviously takes longer to see the results but there is no pain and the cost of the cream compared to that of IPL make it a great investment. I use Nia24 Sun Damage Repair on the rest of my body with equally impressive results. I see no point in taking care of my face and neck while neglecting the rest of my skin.
CLOSEST SHAVE EVER!!!
1301	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product since 2 years ago and now I can not live without it.  My hair is too thin and not abundant so when I use it, is like having instant blower
1983	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I don't know what colors the other reviewers are talking about but I bought Green, Shake your $$ Maker.  The color looks awesome in the bottle, but when you paint it on your nails it is a very translucent green.  As one reviewer said, it looks watery.  After three coats it still doesn't look right.  I always use a clear top coat and that doesn't help it from looking terribly matte as well.  Just beware, maybe other shades fare better.
7707	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used Bioelements for years and highly recommend it for dry skin. Everybody thinks I'm 20 years younger than i am!
9289	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Brown not orange!
2144	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream can be found at most barber shops across Italy- because it's that good.  I love it and use it.  Not as exciting as some of the new organic creams made in the USA-  but it's legendary for a reason.  Love it.


1042	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been looking for and unable to find a setting powder and spray that didn't leave my makeup looking cakey.  Worse--the caking of my makeup made me look both older and overly made up.  Ugh!  Especially frustrating because I do not use a lot of makeup.  In other words, it made me look worse than if I simply didn't bother using a setting powder and spray.
9615	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As someone who suffers with dry & sensitive hands (especially in the colder months), I adore this soap.  Verbena scent is so heavenly to me and have also tried Lavender, and I continue to re-purchase in Verbena for that uplifting and light lemony clean scent.
- This product is not super-moisturizing and may not yield the same results for those with very dry skin.
These polishes last two weeks, easy, looking decently on my toes. Hands less long (cause I wash dishes without gloves).
 AQUA/WATER  HEXYLENE GLYCOL  GLYCERIN  POLOXAMER 184  DISODIUM COCOAMPHODIACETATE  DISODIUM EDTA  PANTHENOL  POLYAMINOPROPYL BIGUANIDE  PARFUM / FRAGRANCE
5408	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first product I have used that has not caused my face to break out in blackheads and whiteheads, making my skin feel like sandpaper!  My skin is smooth and clear.  I am thrilled!!!
9424	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	strong , works well , I use it once in awhile , if my skin is breaking out , or cloggie .
Enter Baxter.  I haven't heard of this brand before, but I was impressed by the packaging.  The thick glass container felt nicely weighted and high quality.  The tight fitting screw-on cap was nice too.  Upon application, the pomade felt like a thicker Vaseline.  Hold/grip were excellent, lasting throughout the day.  Yet, the pomade did not feel greasy and washed away very easily in the shower.
Helped smooth larger area of skin prone to bumps but not pimples (unclogged the pores!)
Usually, I applied the serum, waited about five minutes, and then applied my regular serum or moisturizer -- that helped so that my face didn't feel too dry.
8376	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this! Love all his products. Watch YouTube if you want to hear in depth reviews.
She's worth it!
7074	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It works well, but the smell is a little medicinal. I found that Philip B. Maui Wowie and Beach Blow Texturizing Mist work even better. The latter products both have sea salt, but the Ocean Mist spray has the main ingredient as alcohol, so that was disappointing. It did work, although I would recommend the other two products to work better.
7433	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty good peeling cream.
5099	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it , fast ship


9414	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have sensitive eyes. Im allergic to practically all high end mascaras and thought I should try this since it's made for sensitive eyes. It was no different. It made my eyes super itchy and made me want to pull my lashes out. I'll just stick to my cheap drugstore maybelline. Also, this stuff would begin to flake into my eyes after 4 hours of wear.
7303	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is the 2nd room spray that I purchased in the last week, only because the first one was defective. This time I bought the Antica rose, orris, and oud which works well and smells very nice - it's a warm floral and not too sweet. Also it isn't overpowering or strong and I would like it even more if it lasted longer than it does. I do spray it more than I should just to be able to smell it in the rooms and hallways - for this reason this bottle won't last long for me. It says that it can be used for linens but I am reluctant to spray it on my sheets for fear it might get them stained from the ingredients like any other room spray. There are many different fragrances Antica has to choose from depending on preference and at this price I would recommend giving it a try. The first one I ordered was the lavender and lime and because it didn't work properly I didn't comment on it favorably - I did say it smelled nice though! I have one last remark about this spray - when I press the top down to spray not a lot goes into the air and I have to do it quite a few times to get enough into the room unlike some other ones that I've used (Diptyque which costs more than double the price of these).
345	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Before this product, I was already a big dermablend fan, having used a variety of items from this brand.  My skin tone is uneven and I am a senior citizen still suffering from acne.  Dermabland cosmetics are designed for skin like mine, because they really conceal imperfections and even out tone.
3413	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love the color
Moisturized initially, but did not seem to be as good as my other products (tried on neck area for this assessment)
4248	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's interesting how perfume will smell differently on people because of their body chemistry, my first impression was that it's your typical floral perfume but after spraying on my skin the scent changed a little and I could also smell a hint of citrus along with a touch of vanilla and musk. It also seems to be pretty long lasting, after washing it off with soap and water I can still smell the fragrance. Floral scents aren't my favorite but I'm sure that my mom who loves them will go crazy for this scent.
6572	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't get enough of this amazing spray. I can't believe how soft it leaves my skin and the compliments I get on how lovely I smell Not to mention my glowing skin
I was surprised to find that this polish was 5-free.  Usually 3- or 5-free polishes shrink a lot on my nails, especially at the edges.  But this one hasn't shrunk.  And at day 2, I don't have any chips yet.  (I'm hard on my hands and most polishes have chipped at least a little by now.)
5737	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I'm in my early 30's and have a receding hairline. You ever sleep with hairspray on your hair and to wake up next morning with linty hair? That's exactly how I would describe the texture when you use this on your hair. I purchased color black with the pump sprayer, pick/comb, and their hairspray. I accidently sprayed the toppik powder onto my scalp and noticed the toppik color was more like dark purple. It takes a while to perfect the use of the pump to get the right amount of Toppik sprayed only onto the hair. No matter how perfect your results come out, up real close you can notice something different and I'm sure under the direct sunlight it's probably 10X more noticeable. Toppik claims that people can't even notice 2 inches away, that's bull. This is definitely a better product than Couvre the scalp concealer. Toppik hairspray is like any other strong hold hairspray, absolutely nothing advanced or special about it. The comb is a piece of crap, made out of cheap paper/plastic not even worth a quarter! Go to a dollar store and find yourself a better comb. Toppik comes off easily so avoid moisture even your sweat, wind, and any objects & elements disrupting the do. The money and the time you have to spend to get a half decent look in my honest opinion is not worth it. I rather deal with a wearing a hat then worrying about an embarrassing toppik malfunction. Maybe if you're in your 60's and not as concerned about the natural look then more power to you, but I still think people are over paying for a product that doesn't promise what they claim. I'm currently trying a product called NuHair. I'm taking the vitamin and using their hair serum. I'm only on the second month and hoping to see some results within the next few months. There are no cheap quick fixes that lasts forever so I'm going to commit to this NuHair program for 5-6 months and hope for the best. Figure hair transplant takes up to 6 months anyways so might as well give the natural method a 6 month commitment. If the natural way fails then Rogaine is a possibility and then hair transplant. Bottom line, my girlfriend thinks I wasted my money on this product (toppik) and I'm going to have to agree with her on this. Hope you guys learn from my mistake. If you guys know of any good hair transplant doctors in the bay area CA let me know. Good luck fellas.

5812	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good
9556	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Be clear this is a tint.  It makes your skin super smooth and protects with 15 spf.  I expected more coverage.  My bad.  would be perfect for someone who doesnt care for make up or a lot of it.  It's a nice product though.
I use this in the mornings after washing my face. It absorbs well and I'm on to the rest of my morning routine. Coola says you'll be sun-ready in 30 minutes (as with most sunscreens) and that you should reapply every two hours. Most days I wear makeup, so reapplication of a goopy sunscreen isn't going to happen--but then most days my sun exposure is limited. I have noticed that my limited sun has resulted in a tan on my un-sunscreened flip-flopped feet, so I'm sure to put my face sunscreen on every morning.
1488	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Great Color but Chips very quickly.
I generally use gel before shaving.  I do wet shave with my electric razors.

4619	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Okay. I've tried a lot of moisturizers. A lot. Creams of all kinds, of the drugstore and cosmetic counter variety. These days, I normally use Strivectin, and I mention that so you'll know I've tried out the good stuff. Well, this is the great stuff. I have never used a moisturizer that was so emollient. And I don't mean it was thick and pasty. Not at all. It goes on slick and easy, almost like a gel, but somehow there's a richness...like there's a heft, or substance, to it. It takes a few minutes to sink in. For the first minute, it sits on your face like a second skin, and then it slowly melts into your complexion. I noticed that my make-up lasted longer, and I didn't need to use as much primer. For me, that's saying something. I have combination skin, and am especially oily in my t zone. Make-up melts right off my face, but after using the Juice moisturizer, my make-up lasted much longer.  I make no claims about it's power to reduce wrinkles. I haven't used the cream long enough to tell. But I will say that it at least temporarily reduces the look of fine lines. It can't help but do that; it just drenches your skin with moisture and lights up your complexion. In short, I am a big fan, and have never loved a cream so much.
7072	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells wonderful, tames my sometimes frizzy fly away hair.  Helps to naturally style my naturally curly hair into uniform curls that are very flattering.  Highly recomend
5289	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Summer is here, which means I need to amp up my SPF. I use sunscreen on my face year-round (usually a moisturizer with SPF15) and right now I'm using Coola Cucumber Moisturizing Face Sunscreen in SPF 30.

2904	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I bought this after reading so much about how it helps wrinkles and how Oprah's beauty editor uses it. So far, so good! I can see a slight improvement already. It stings a bit when putting it on but that goes away after a few seconds. I use it every other night, the other nights I use the Retin-A prescription Tretinoin cream.
But the product is good.
She's had a zit problem ever since arriving in the USA and has tried many products to stop them.  The only thing that has worked was going back to Philippines for 3 months.  We have no idea if it's something in the ingredients of something she eats here, or some sort of spray on the vegetables... but she hides it when she wants to look really nice with an application of Dermablend products.
8607	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	way cheaper to buy the refill!  works magic on beat up hands and nails!
THE BOTTOM LINE
PCA seems to be a great line for sensitive skin.  It is great. I don't know what I would do without PCA.
5811	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it
1837	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Goes on smoothly, and has good bristles but the color wasn't exactly how I had pictures. I will still use it, especially since I am trying to get my boyfriend to buy my engagement ring 
I'm active during the day, but this is a nice thing to use over makeup when going out for the night.  It keeps your foundation from looking sweated out and faded.
1647	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this series! Dries fast. You can't tell that you have anything on your nails. Hides any yellow! Love it!
7353	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have never used an eyebrow pencil. My eyebrows are naturally pretty well formed on their own.  But I must admit I've been wanting to make them a tad bit more arched and mainly even them out.  I was worried about having that typical "painted on look". Boy, I had nothing to worry about!  I made little marks to mimic my natural hair and I was amazed at how natural my eyebrows looked!  I couldn't even tell looking up close that I had done anything, but it made all the difference in the world.  Really, just adding in 6 more "hairs" and it totally changed the look of my eyebrows, but it still looks COMPLETELY natural.  Really amazing!
5814	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good toothpaste but way more mint than ginger flavored.  That was a little disappointing, as the other Marvis flavors I have tried aren't that way - especially jasmine mint which is much more jasmine-y.  Was looking for more ginger flavor - but Marvis is still a great product and even though it's more of a fun novelty product for my household, it gives you a clean tasting mouth and performs well (hence 4 stars).
I can't wait to continue using this spray and see what effects it continues to have on my skin and how it works with makeup. I haven't been able to wear makeup in the last few weeks because of my skin issue, and I'm going to wait a few more days to attempt it, but I'm anticipating a lot of good things.


3188	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I purchased this product because I read that it was supposed to take the frizz out of your hair and make it soft and smooth.  Well, it didn't do anything like that.  I'm sorry, but would not purchase again.  Maybe it will work for someone that does not color their hair.

The product is made with wholesome ingredients. It's hypoallergenic, fragrance free, and cruelty free, and boasts sunscreen, though it seems as though the coverage might be too light to really protect.


2) Billy Jealousy Hot Towel
3. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SET + REFRESH LONG-LASTING MAKE-UP SETTING SPRAY (NO SPF):
5342	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love Elizabeth Arden products (particularly her Red Door perfume).  I decided to try Visible Difference Special Body Care Lotion.  It is lightly scented and not overwhelming at all.  It is light and only a dash of lotion can be applied over legs and body.  Once applied it gets absorbed by the skin very quickly.  Beautiful light scent lingers for a long time.  I apply my regular perfume before going to work and it does not interfere with the lotion.  Skin is very soft after lotion application.

I have found that with these particular types of products, they are gentle cleansers that you do not  need to wash off; they are also products that I assume would replace a regular daily cleanser,  and would be applied with a cotton ball or cotton pad. For the exception of removing waterproof mascara and eyeliner,  this product  is just great for me. I might have this bias based on the fact that I have been using products like this for a couple of years. When I use a particular cleanser -  let's say a traditional one such as something soap-based  I  eventually take a shower anyway, so my quandary is, do I put my moisturizer on after the shower?  No, I  use a water-based  cleanser. This one is particularly for oily skin and, this particular brand has some very effective products that prevent breakouts. They also treat  breakouts.  However, I do not look at this product as something drying to the skin; if anything it promotes the balance of the skin.  In that way it is gentle.  This product is not really a toner, as with the alcohol-based toner. It is clean,clear, gentle. While this product has some fragrance, it is barely detectable.  However, unlike the other water-based products I use, this has a slight bit of suds if I'm not mistaken. Only a bit of bubbly only on the surface of the liquid as if it has been shaken.  Very little though.  This is a very pure product sans alcohol and soap.  I have often wondered if a product that is made up mainly of water can be effective.  Then I am reminded how most cleansers or washes make me break out.
6298	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Holy cow...I finally found a body lotion that lives up to its claims. It seriously feels so good on your skin that I swear I could hear my skin whispering thank you. The scent is incredibly clean and refreshing and smells like what clean should smell like. Weird I know but it's true. I will use this from now on. There is no stickiness at all once it soaks in. My skin has a smooth, nourished feel to it.
This is best used as a spot cover-up, to be followed by a rather long setting period, followed by your favorite all-over make-up. An impressively tiny amount covers quite well. This product will last a long time. The spatula is great for hitting the exact spot and smoothing gently. Wipe it clean after each use and put it back in the box you so smartly saved. This little tool will be easy to lose and easy to find via your vacuum cleaner.
I'm not sure that I'd order it again, but I'm glad that I tried it.  It's a nice product, at least for cleaning my face and leaving it feeling moisturized.  Some reviewers have noted that they don't think it's good for removing makeup, but I can't speak to that.
9975	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like the smell and like most soaps it does not stick around. Its a larger amount than I expected. Ive been wet shaving for about two years and still find myself experimenting with different soaps. They last a long time so its not like you have a lot of them. This one is very pleasant, very nice shave, lathers easily (I have heard water but on a hardness scale of 1-5 its a 2-1/2) and Im looking forward to keeping it in my rotation. I have a tough beard that grows in many directions and I would definitely recommend this soap.
8294	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the shade; it glides on and has major staying power.  Maybe not the equivalent of a gel but I had no chips after 8 days and that's a record for me.
Causes a rash?: not for me. some people maybe be sensitive to any one of the ingredients. A lot of people have sulfur allergies. Lemon can be very irritating and it usually is for me but not in this product. The other ingredients may cause a problem for you. Here are the ingredients:

2750	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After only a few days of using this product, I am noticing a definite improvement in the area around my eyes; the dark circles are reduced and my crow's feet seem less obvious. The product dispenses easily through a pump, allowing the user to use as much or as little as needed. The texture is lovely, and it smooths on and soaks in quickly, leaving the skin soft but not greasy. I'm impressed! If you want a good product for your eyes, definitely check this one out.
So -- I recommend you go to the Moroccan Oil website and order from them directly.  That way you are sure you are getting the real product for the real price.
Leaves my skin feeling clean.
I do like that fact that it didn't cause my skin to break out.  I also like the fact that my eyes don't sting when it gets into them.  However, it didn't do a lot for me as far as removing makeup and/or toning.  In the end although it didn't cause me issues it didn't really go a good job cleansing either.  I probably won't repurchase.
9505	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The skin around my eyes has improved in a very short time.  I use dermabrasion for the rest of my face but the eye area is too delicate.
5166	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Holy crap this stuff is amazing!
For the reviewers who complain that it breaks their skin out, you need to realize that clay masks SHOULD pull impurities up, and your skin MAY break out as those impurities are pulled up through your skin.  Spot treat with this mask some more over the pimples, the oatmeal will soothe, the collagen will moisturize, and the clay should help to resolve the breakout providing you're only seeing a few.  If you're getting a horrible reactive breakout all over your face or heaven forbid cystic acne from this mask, then yes, this is not the mask for you.
2269	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Many people don't use Toner but I find it a step not to be skipped in caring for my skin.  Toner helps remove dead skin cells and oils after washing-it also can help other skin applications/creams penetrate your skin.  It is essential in keeping pores unclogged.  I used this Toner and found it to be very refreshing while leaving my skin feel clean and fresh.  I would recommend Baxter Toner-good product.
2919	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Solid.
4228	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Giving to two stars because I think if it absorbed I would love it.
8950	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for 15 years, it has always worked for me.
9881	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	just finished my first shave with my new 'Sledgehammer'... a bit quirky, a bit non-standard, but the fit and finish was just fine (no evidence of bad QC underneath the head...
I wouldn't totally dismiss the idea of it, however. I may try it in another color to see if it was just the pale one that made my flaky lips stand out.
I find the results to be that my skin feels firmer.  I'm going to continue use because I do feel the benefits are there and it's such an easy process.
As stated above, I have a medium complexion and of Southeast Asian descent. I regularly wear sunscreen so my skin is not quite tan. Warm Saffron is darker than my skin tone. However, I do like using it if I want a tanner look. I apply it with the pouf it comes with (after concealer & foundation) and then blend it out with my kabuki brush. Unlike the translucent powder, I do apply it all over my face to get that even sunkissed look.  I use makeup (concealer, foundation, primer) that has yellow tones because my skin has a yellow undertone to it. Warm Saffron gives me that warm golden tan (without any of the sun damage)
The cream goes on with a pretty strong camphor smell.  At first I didn't like it much, but I've become used to it.  I wouldn't say that it dissipates quickly...it takes 5-10 minutes.
5238	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I bought this at the dermatology clinic and tried it for 8 weeks ......nothing changed nothing Im 55 and my neck looks the same, very disappointing! It is good as a moisturizer and thats it.

2669	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cologne smells so delightful I wondered if a woman can wear it. Of course not, a bit too woodsy, manly scented, but I love smelling it on my husband. First, you need very little to achieve a nice scent. Too much can be overpowering. The scent is a subtle mix of spice and wood and a hint of sweet. It's hard to describe this scent. Both my husband and I love it.
For many years, I was hooked on buying my skincare from Home Shopping Channels and I know I've spent MUCH more than $62.00 on any one of the Isomers, Peter Thomas Roth, Dr. Denese products, etc. that I literally threw money away on, and except for the temporary anti-wrinkle serums, NOTHING ever came close to achieving the results that bonafide skincare products provide.
581	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A little goes a long way.  It is thick, but easy to a apply, as long as you read the directions.  I used it with the Cameo mousse medium foundation for under my eyes.  The dark circles disappeared.  It comes with an applicator or you can use your finger.  I didn't have to pull my face like I had to with another product that was too thick (which causes wrinkles).  This product is thick, but can be easily applied.
9632	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The first time I tried this shower oil was when I received a sample bottle in a beauty subscription. I have loved L'Occitane for years and always have a small Almond hand lotion with me at all times, yet I had never tried this before. I know...bananas.
The main difference between this and Evian's three pack of travel bottles is that this one seems to impart a much finer mist of water which soaks in easily and is less obvious if I immediately go outside or to hang out with other people. More dewy, and less like you just spritzed yourself in the face with water.
Ingredients: Organic apple juice, organic white grape juice, organic aloe juice, organic lemon juice, vegetable glycerin, polysorbate-20, sclerotium gum, capryl hydroxamic acid, caprylyl glycol, saccharum officinarum (sugar cane), hesperidin methyl chalcone (Vitamin P), steareth-20, dipeptide-2, palmitoyl tetrapeptide-3, xanthan gum, lysolecithin, pullulan, organic evening primrose oil, organic linseed oil, organic borage seed oil, mandarin peel oil, willow bark extract, lemon extract, black tea leaf extract, organic sugar cane extract, algae extract, ubiquinone (CoQ10), dimethylaminoethanol (DMAE), thiotic acid (alpha lipoic acid), vegetable hyaluronic acid, tocopherol (Vitamin E), retinyl palmitate (Vitamin A), magnesium ascorbyl phosphate (Vitamin C), tetrasodium glutamate diacetate, sodium hydroxide, sweet neroli, organic may chang, and cinnamomum camphora pure essential oils.
2063	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I loved this bright shade a lot so much that I bought two! I am African American but I think it will work for many skin tones... it's great!
5873	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great line of polishes with less toxicity. Pretty colors. Good wearability.
- You get a lot of product for your money
6776	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It has cult status for a reason. This stuff is incredible. When Im getting my regular period breakout (a couple on the chin, a few near the hairline) I bust this out as my last step before bed (after moisturizer too) and wow. The next morning I always get results. Redness is gone and usually so is the offending zit. I have wildly sensitive, oily skin, but this works wonders for me.

Allow to dry or hit it with the hair dryer!
6467	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing cleanser. Cannot recommend to enough people. It's great.

I find it moisturizes well; my skin definitely doesnt feel dry but it does feel coated. It doesnt leave behind an oily or greasy feel, but you can tell that something has been applied.
5744	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My mussy hair needs product. There's no getting around it. My locks are a hairy wicket's nest in the morning, and needs washing, brushing, cursing, threatening, and the right product to look even halfway decent in the morning.
2486	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	personal thought what i love
In terms of usability, it does have a unique scent - an almost clinical one which isn't really medicinal, but has the smell of chemicals or unusual flowers with a not entirely pleasant smell. The scent is better than some overly perfume-like lotions, but it still isn't great. The texture is thick and creamy and it spreads well, though it does initially leave a bit of a tacky feeling, but absorbs after about 15 minutes and no longer feels tacky. It's an effective lotion and you can use it in smaller amounts so the higher price tag isn't such a big deal, but it still is a factor in considering the product's value if you need to use it on more of your body than just your hands.
592	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Too thick and cakey, had to return it

When I first used it I thought it was silicone based, but it's silicone free, fragrance free and oil free. This alone is a plus for my combination skin. It goes on smoothly, as expected. The primer helps with uneven skin tone and wrinkles. This particular brand worked even better then others I've tried. Maybe the fact that it's non-comodogenic (something I need with breakouts) and the fact that it helps your skin "breathe" had something to do with it. All I know is that my skin glowed. I don't know if I would actually buy it for $44, but I might use it sparingly for special occasions when I want to look my best.
764	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First and foremost I must say that scent is truly subjective.  Some people will love this cologne and others I am sure will hate it.  I picked this up not being a particular fan of Calvin Klein or Eternity (not having anything against them either).  The bottle itself was smaller than I anticipated, but the scent itself was strong enough that I only needed a couple of sprays for the entire day.
8056	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for over a year now, and I recommend it to anyone that has thin hair on the top of the head.  The color blends in well with my own haircolor, and it adds body and texture to my own thin strands. I do try and add a side part using a thin comb or pick in order for a more natural look, otherwise it can sometimes look like a wig without a natural hairpart.
2747	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm giving this 5 stars because when I asked my wife how much she would be willing to pay for it she said "$30" and I see that it actually costs $29 (at least as I write this).  That's a lot by our standards, so she must really like it.  She said it does a really good job moisturizing her skin.  She also took the opportunity to remind me how much she likes "Facial Phyto-Peel by Ageless La Cure" which is even more expensive ( a lot more expensive ) but evidently worth every penny.

My legs have never looked so freakin smooth, so even in tone, been so moisturized and soft with NO razor bumps in all my life. I swear on my Beatles vinyl collection. This is the best stuff in the entire world. I have sensitive skin and shaving is always the bane of my existence. I either get razor burn, or irritation from even the gentlest of shave products. Nothing has even come CLOSE to this in all my years of shaving. I'm 32, started shaving my legs at 13.
9912	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it!
4943	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I read about this product in a recent issue of _Lucky_ magazine, where it was touted as an excellent weekly mask.  I used it for the first time today, and it left my skin incredibly soft and silky.  My pores were also noticeably smaller.

9910	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great for those extra sunny days
2348	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't say that this product actually makes my lips fuller, but it is very moisturizing, and the moisture sticks around for a long time. Unlike most non-balm lip products, though, this one isn't sticky at all. It goes on silky smooth and stays in place for hours. It's not the best product to wear under a lipstick, as it keeps the lipstick from adhering to your lips, but it's great for before bed or if your lips start feeling chapped.
1466	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You wouldn't expect the bright metallic shine that the Trixie polish gives off, but it's amazing, and you only need 1 coat.
4773	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it, no more words needed.
5957	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is exactly as described.  I love Butter nail polishes because I find them to be much better for my nail health and it makes me feel better that it does not contain carcinogens.  This color is very versatile and works with any skin color. I think this is a great purchase and is a wonderful addition to any collection.
2857	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great products - Jane Iredale is the best when it comes to cosmetics for women - I absolutely love all of her products - they are not only good for your skin but they actually work like they are supposed to.  Get smart ladies - you can be good to your skin and look fabulous at the same time - just use Jane Iredale!!!
Strawberry Fruit Extract
4293	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smooth skin
Chi Silk Infusion does not have a strong odor, but a light fragrance that disappears as your hair dries. All in all, it's a great product that will become a staple for me.
But nevertheless, this product rocks! Go for it!
2676	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this scent.  Its never too overpowering like perfumes can be.  It is sweet and powdery, with a definate feminine twist.



6749	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I actually had this curling iron before...for 7 years.  I lost it when I was traveling.  When I returned from my trip, I thought I would pick up a less expensive iron at CVS.  My hair looked like what I paid for.  Needless to say, I was excited to find Hot Tools Pro on Amazon and I bought 2.  My hair looks amazing again!  Shipping was very quick.  Price was a fraction of what I would have paid in a store.

It takes a while to sink in due to the oily nature of the product.  While I think this allows for a good concentration of the hyaluronic acid component, it's a little unpleasant if you accidentally touch your face before it's absorbed.
Effective: great winter to test out this product, I woke up with noticeably softer and hydrated skin, on nights when I only slept 4-5 hours I would feel a little bit of the cream residue on my face when I washed my face in the morning but it didn't feel thick or greasy at all.
If you have areas on your face you want to conceal, this is the product for you.  Marketed as a foundation with sunscreen, it covers so well its a great concealer.
1126	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great product for preventing breakouts - I've found this to be very effective when used in tandem with the oily face wash. I don't think it causes the blemishes to disappear faster but I do think its effective at preventing the breakouts which lead to the blemishes, especially the cystic acne
9367	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This serum promises to clear blemishes, hydrate, and reduce redness/inflammation.
5722	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used this product for years.  It totally works and fills in the hair that I've lost.  It makes the difference between looking nearly bald and having hair.  I recommend this to anyone with thinning hair.
3504	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ladies buy this Safety Razor with your choice blades. You will not regret this purchase. I was scared at first to try this but once I did, I have no idea why I never considered this before. It gives you a perfect close shave without irritation. I have very sensitive skin and get ingrown hairs. I recommend this long handheld safety razor, especially for shaving legs.

5160	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow...this great cream! Not at all greasy, didn't irritate my skin and definitely a good moisturizer. I didn't see directions on the jar (i.e., leave on all night or wipe right off?) so using it as night cream and/or everyday moisturizer. Nice product!
Does it work?  I have used various products with great success, including Lancome, L'Occitane, Tatcha, Strivectin.  I believe this formula is on par with those products although each has its own "personality".  I did notice brightening and the general reduction in fine lines as well as a big reduction in dark circles.
7863	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Product works!
9807	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. I have used this white variety in conjunction with the green preshave (menthol and eucalyptus), as well as by itself. I found that it loads the shaving brush with lather as quickly as the other Proraso soaps, which is to say that you'll have all the soap you need in the brush within 30 seconds. Note that you will have to soak your shaving brush for a few minutes to make this happen. I found that blooming the soap was of limited utility, as this isn't a hard soap puck, but rather more like a stiff cream.
2590	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For newbies to this product line, these individual compacts come with a mirror, but can slide together to make a pallet.  They do not come with a brush.
2574	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Great thick scrub that really does exfoliate well. It isn't just a liquid soap with a granule or two mixed to call it a scrub, it's the real deal. One star off just because it runs out quickly, making it fairly pricey for the volume.
The first thing you should ask yourself is....is it worth it?  Do you want a great shave, do you need a badger brush and do you want to smell nice?
8455	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love every one of my Mario Badescu products. This gel is wonderful, light, non-drying, non-irritating, can be used every day. And they never test on animals. Highly recommend.
My hair has a lot of natural curl and tends to get frizzy, especially when the humidity is high.
6266	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great

1672	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The best
9619	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it and so will you.  i love it and so will you.  i love it and so will you.
4430	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this VICHY PURETE THERMALE 3-IN-1 ONE STEP CLEANSER FOR SENSITIVE SKIN a lot, because it really IS non-greasy, and it really DOESNT require rinsing.  You just apply it with a cotton pad to remove your makeup (including eye makeup).


9983	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had previously tried the Red Sandalwood soap and preshave, as well as the Green soap and preshave. I have used this white variety in conjunction with the green preshave (menthol and eucalyptus), as well as by itself. I found that it loads the shaving brush with lather as quickly as the other Proraso soaps, which is to say that you'll have all the soap you need in the brush within 30 seconds. Note that you will have to soak your shaving brush for a few minutes to make this happen. I found that blooming the soap was of limited utility, as this isn't a hard soap puck, but rather more like a stiff cream.
*** 4th bottle (10/15/2010) Still love it!
8900	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very good cream, I have seen improvement in the texture and elasticity of my skin
My spouse said, "It feels nice, non-greasy, and unobjectionable".
needed. The wonderful cr&egrave;mes I love work nicely with Loreal Dermablend Professional Translucent Loose Setting Powder with micronized powder, and hides flaws when that is part of what you are going for.  This particular product is very fine, not grainy, and perhaps a bit creamy.  It definitely blends in well.  It is very nice for creating a thin and matte next barrier, keeping the cr&egrave;me, bases, foundations, from smudging to hands, clothing.  In various ways, I am able to get some creative looks I sought in using them together:
4872	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this line!!
Shea butter is the 2nd ingredient after the "juices".  Because of this, the texture is actually a delight -- imagine shea butter diluted down to an emulsion, creating a thin, flexible, protective film on your face that acts as a barrier/primer.  It has that matte drydown often found in shea, but is much thinner and lighter -- the slight firming sensation acts as a temporary "freeze" while filling in pores and fine lines. Amazingly, I found it effective as a wind chafing barrier, cushioning my face from the biting cold. I love that it is non-oily in texture, allowing me to layer stuff over it. No pilling at all -- compatible with your other serums/sunscreens/foundations.
Nail Envy seems to make the nail a bit thicker. I still break nails from time to time (especially if they're getting TOO long), but no where near as often as I do without this product.
6527	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this spray! It doesn't irritate my skin or make it break out, and it feels cooling and soothing in a very dry environment.
4124	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works fine don't use much though.
I didn't realize the moisturizer in this set was the same as the single one I had ordered as well. Ah. Well. I guess I'm just set on facial moisturizers for life. Or maybe I can gift the other one!
*Fragrance Free

7752	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gets rid of dead cells' PCA DORS IT AGAIN!

6610	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My other one was just like this, a few years old and started to burn my hair off. This new one is still fresh and curls perfectly.

Glass jar with plastic top, provides easy access.
- Applies easily from the tube which has a built-in slanted tip applicator. No need to use fingers that would transfer germs to lip or contaminate the container.
5098	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great product and I use this everyday!  Pevonia has a lot of talented folks who come up with the perfect blend that suits everyone!  Thanks and keep making this stuffs!  Love it.
4621	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My first experience with Juice Beauty Moisturizer has been positive.  The consistency of the cream is smooth and the fragrance is so light I do not smell it unless sticking my nose in the jar.  The certified organic seal and the cruelty free declaration builds my confidence in the company's products.  Apply the moisturizer and blend into skin as directed otherwise it will take a few minutes to soak in.  Dermatologists recommend using a sun screen separate from beauty products to make sure that you apply enough sun screen so the fact that this has no sunscreen is a plus, I use a separate beauty sunsreen.  The moisturizer is recommended for over age 20 and I am well beyond 20.  It is still too soon to tell if this reduces wrinkles so watch this space for an update.


9350	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great shampoo
249	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I dispute the claim of being super shiny. These polishes are no more shiny than any other. Don't buy the hype. OPI I expect more of them.


4440	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I do like this, but I don't love it for use the way the tube says to. It says to apply with a cotton ball, with no rinsing required. I tried this, but personally I did feel that my face felt a little greasy after that. I much prefered using it more like a cold cream, rinsing after use. I do wear contacts and can have sensitive skin, and this is fine for my eyes and skin. It also did a good job with my eye makeup. It has a very light, unnoticeable scent and more of a creamy than a bubbly feel.  I have had no problems with breakouts or contact lens irritation. I'm not sure what would justify the high price tag of this product, but it does what it says it does.

5059	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has been using Baxter rather than his usual Olay for about a month and he really likes it.  The thick consistency spreads evenly and the cream leaves his face and neck feeling smooth moisturized.  Even with the AHA, this is a gentle face cream that does not bring out any redness.  The complete lack of fragrance is also a plus.
Regular use over months will reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.
2972	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like bliss products, and when I needed some facial cleanser I decided to try Fabulous Foaming Face Wash.  I like it, but...
-Similar lightness to Bare Escentuals medium beige, but BE is quite a bit yellower base
I have now been using this for well over a month.  It stays in my pocket at work and is applied several times a day.  I like that it glides on silky smooth and doesn't have the stick texture that so many have.  The mojito flavor is minimally there, but enough that it's refreshing when applied. My lips have not become dry or cracked and have stayed soft and kissable, which is all I want in a lip balm.

2592	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've tried a bunch of blushes from drugstore brands to the higher end specialty ones.  I've tried out professional makeup application to have the pros show me how to keep from looking like a refugee from a 1980s issue of Seventeen magazine.  I've never found blush that I liked, that was easy to apply, and that looked natural.
UPDATE: I sprayed it lightly on my wrist today, & had better results. No mild headache & no strong fragrance, but  a soft,  powdery, floral fragrance remained for about 6 or 7 hours.
5630	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have not been disappointed at all.
3169	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Although Amazon packaged this product badly and it leaked all over the box and I lost 1/3 of the product in shipping, the ACTUAL product is AMAZING. It soothes my scalp psoriasis like NOTHING ELSE can. It's a life and sanity saver!

Goes on smoothly, though it does require some rubbing in to get rid of the white from the zinc.  But, since the zinc is what my doctor recommends, I'm glad it's there.  I like it!  Pleasant to use.
jojoba

6678	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this curling iron ! This size is just perfect, not too big where it doesn't do much and not so small that I look like shirley temple. I love the long cord and its very good quality. It gets hot fast and stay hot, I keep it at a temperature of around 300 maybe to 330 and thats plenty hot for my hair. I also appreciate that the cord moves as you use the iron so it does not get tangled. Overall its very good quality, makes the perfect curl, and I love how I can control the temperature and that its not just a low and high setting.
1640	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice sheer polish.  It does give your nails a healthy glow as I saw on the "TODAY" show.  I hold back on the 5th star because I had to use so many layers to get he desired look.
4953	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My home smells like a posh place without pets! Mmm, like spraying a room with a perfume made for it. Love it! And all my guests have given me many, many compliments on how wonderful my home is smelling these days. A great find!
Peptide blend: reinforces collagen & elastin to visibly reduce fine lines and wrinkles

5718	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Discovered this product from my hairdresser. It is for thinning hair and is like magic. Just style your hair and sprinkle this on the thinning areas that show. It blends with your hair and looks like you have a full head of hair. I will never be without it!!
5444	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't begin to name all the brands and types of aftershave (and razors) he's tried over the years that just didn't cut it when it came to preventing ingrown hairs or irritation after shaving. My hubby is the type of guy that can shave at 8:00am and already have a five o'clock shadow a couple hours later. Fighting razor bumps, irritation, ingrown hairs, redness, etc. has been an ongoing struggle for years, especially since his job requires zero facial hair and he's often exposed to the elements. After using this for three weeks, the improvement in his skin is amazing. No more razor bumps or ingrown hairs or feeling like his face is on fire after shaving. This is hands down the best aftershave he's ever used. Very light and refreshing to use after shaving and it immediately calms down any razor burn or irritation. It's a cream, but it dries quickly without feeling sticky or greasy and leaves his skin smooth and moisturized. There is no overpowering scent, either, which we both love. Since it only takes a bean-sized dot to take care of his face and neck after shaving, and because it works so incredibly well, the cost is well worth it. It's one of those products that you desperately hope they never discontinue or dink with the formula because it's perfect just the way it is. The hubby is NOT a product guy, so for him to gush over anything skincare related never happens. Because this has worked so well, I've even gotten him to follow this balm up with a La Roche-Posay sunscreen. He'd use sunscreen everywhere else but his face because of so many bad experiences with breakouts or intense irritation, so getting him to wear it on his face was always a battle. This Vichy aftershave has treated his skin so well that he is now willing to try other facial care products (like a good sunscreen!). I wish Amazon carried the rest of the Vichy men's line products as well.

 The all-or-nothing method all over my face, neck and chest I've done for YEARS wasn't working to benefit each areas needs. Can't believe it took me so long to figure it all out.
9753	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Im turning 40, but I don't have the time or the inclination to spend hours on my face. I only wear makeup for special occasions. The extent of my facial routine is moisturizer. I am currently using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Olay-Regenerist/dp/B0012J30LY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Olay Regenerist</a>.
1947	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color.  Very summerish. It's a great polish.  And the price was great. Less money than I have seen it at any store  The quality is great too. They use it at all the nail salons
9682	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best hand cream in the market!
3954	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the clean scent of this product, similar to the Jojoba soap. Just lovely. Product goes on with smooth feeling. Very nice.
2752	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/NUXE-Huile-Prodigieuse-Multi-Purpose-Dry-Oil-1-6-fl-oz/dp/B000BO52TE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">NUXE Huile Prodigieuse Multi-Purpose Dry Oil, 1.6 fl. oz.</a>&nbsp;for several years. I like the oil, but hate the smell. I was happy to find that the scent for this is much better. It definitely is scented, but not so strongly.
4397	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice makeup remover. When it arrives, it looks exactly like the photo with the 2 different colors- blue on top & white on the bottom. I thought there might be something wrong with it because I've never used one of the La Roche- Posay products before. But you just shake it up & it's ready to use. It has no smell (which I love) & is gentle on my sensitive skin. Makes removing waterproof mascara super easy. Fragrance free & Paraben free is wonderful.
Crabtree and Evelyn is a renowned brand, the product comes in an attractive glass bottle with a good quality nozzle, and it delivers exactly what it promises. So if you're wondering if the fragrance is for you, take a look at the ingredients. Do you like sweet rose scent? This is full of it. How about vanilla and citrus? They are strong notes. Then there's patchouli -- it's here. Bergamot is another ingredient: it's what gives the perfume to Earl Gray tea. Then there's ambergris, not necessarily something you can smell, but a rare and expensive oil produced by sperm whales, and a classic ingredient in perfumes (fitting for one named for the whaling town of Nantucket).
The other purpose for me is that it has a (30 SPF) sunscreen.  ALL other cosmetics with sunscreen I have tried have (25 SPF) or lower, and not my needed (30 SPF) that my dermatologist recommends.  She has said that even in my home with shades closed I am exposing my skin to potential damage.  I score 1,000 % here for this as well as the other qualities of this line.
years and like them all.  Yes I'd buy this product again.
7522	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Vichy has become one of my favorite brands despite the fact they are not organic.  Instead, Vichy has consistently balanced priced products that perform well, almost always have a lovely fragrance and tend to compete with much higher priced products. This is no exception. I'm not a teen - far from it - but like many older adults nearing a "change" of life, prone to skin outbreaks from time to time. When a blemish appears, I need it gone FAST. As luck would have it, I just happened to have a blemish when this arrived - literally from one day to the next it shrank to the point of being all but invisible...a small "bump" was still able to be felt but barely seen - and that covered with a touch of makeup. Good product.
8070	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Discovered this product from my hairdresser. It is for thinning hair and is like magic. Just style your hair and sprinkle this on the thinning areas that show. It blends with your hair and looks like you have a full head of hair. I will never be without it!!
8059	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It does what it says it will do and it makes my hair look a lot thicker and makes it easier to style.  I add it after my hairspray so that my hairspray doesn't get it wet.
7180	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very happy with all of my Billy Jealousy skincare products. This is another daily use product that never leaves my skin oily or greasy.  It's perfect for my combination skin.
6205	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used this product for about 15 years and I love it.  I use it in combination with the toner spray and the cream.. I have very few wrinkles for 62 and attribute much of that to this product.
All in all 2oz isn't great, but its about standard for a high end beauty product so while its not great in the value department its not bad as these things go. And if you realize its a heavier product for either exclusively nighttime use or for very dry skin, that will probably do more to keep you from having weathered skin than anything to actually reverse the process you're gonna get more use out of it. On the other hand if the most important thing to you is that a moisturizer smell so goo you want to eat it, than i can unequivocally recommend this product. Id give it 3.5 stars.
8858	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't know why I keep buying this but I'm on my 3rd bottle.. it feels like a spa, especially if you work on the computer and your eyes start to hurt / you live in a climate that leaves your skin feeling gross and you want to treat yourself to something refreshing. This is a great stimulating feeling and I do actually notice my skin looking better!
1468	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You wouldn't expect the bright metallic shine that the Trixie polish gives off, but it's amazing, and you only need 1 coat.
- No real discernible flavour and is not the strange borderline rancid bitter flavours often found in lip balms.
This is Soap-free, Alcohol-free, Colorant-free, pH-balanced, Allergy-tested, made with Cornflower Extract and Pro-Vitamin B5. Knowing all this makes me feel safe to use it. My skin type is mix and I haven't experienced any irritation or rash.
7744	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very sticky on the face but not drying...great for spot treatments
7966	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Spray applicator only fits on Regular size and Economy size. It will not fit the 1.94 oz. bottle size.
Decrease in the actual length of the stretch mark
7604	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I saw no improvement which was a big disappointment....it is a little tacky to put on but I wish I had improvement..hope others do since I know everyone is different when it comes to topicals
6300	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Yum... high end lotion. Not too thick or thin.  Smells fine, and I love the ingredients. It helps my son with his eczema. Highly recommended.
8954	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use several Mario Badescu products. This particular one came highly recommended in an online "makeup addicts" community. The scent is wonderful (if you don't mind floral scents) and feels refreshing and soft. I love this spray. I don't use it for setting, so I can't speak to that, but I use it as a refreshing, hydrating spray throughout the day at work, and in my hair, as a refresher during the day. It's such an inexpensive product, you can't really go wrong trying it. I do NOT find that the ingredients have changed much, save for a couple of preservatives (which are VERY low on the ingredients list).
* No scent. So many products have heavy, artificial smells. This is not for me. I can honestly say this product has no scent.
8696	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a fairly decent nourishing oil that absorbs quickly into the skin without leaving any sticky or oily residue. Applying a makeup foundation over this is no problem at all. It only takes a couple drops to treat the skin of your face, so this 1 ounce bottle should last quite a while. The scent is very light and pleasant, but also quickly fades quickly which I deem a good thing.
6275	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Billy Jealousy's LiquidSand face scrub is by far my favorite face scrub I've used to date. One of the better exfoliators on the market, I've used this product several times a week for the last year. My face has never been clearer or as clean, and I look forward to continued use!

5554	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this regularly to hide the thinning hair at my part.  My scalp is ghostly white, and this somehow bonds to the hair (not the scalp) and fill in the part.  I finish it with regular hairspray.  I am a femal and have been using this product for years, and through many haircolor changes,  I've also used the auburn and light brown.  This is better than the cheaper products.
7161	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Really nice to use and leave on over night.
3940	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this soap and I am looking forward to purchasing the lotion and perfume for daytime wear. When I bought this 3 bar set it was $10.00. Now Its 23.00..early bird specials..yip pee!!
3920	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For some strange reason, the only time I care about my nails looking EXTRA good is for my trip to Las Vegas each year. I mean - I care the rest of the year how they appear - I certainly don't want everyone to see straggly-looking nails, but as long as they look reasonably good, I'm happy with just using clear nail polish applied once a week and that's it.
THE BOTTOM LINE
9854	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I was super disappointed with this cream because it is so heavily scented. It says its for sensitive skin--but I cannot use it because its too perfumey. I will not buy again, but I use it around hair line and neck and on hands because I have it, and I cannot use on actual face.
8273	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lovely color and formula! It also got to my location really quickly. Definitely a must have in your collection. :)
My only beef is they don't fill the containers all the way up.
I used another shampoo after this, and it left my hair dull and weak. this shampoo is the best!
8781	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	light conditioner that makes fine hair look healthy but won't weigh it down or make it look greasy. Highly recommend.
8871	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells great. I use it everyday, it leaves my skin hydrated and soft. I will continue to repurchase.
1815	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	beautiful for fall
3961	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I too first received this as a hotel amenity. I know frangrance choices are very personal, but for me this is one of the best scents ever!  I'm not sure how to describe it--maybe beachy/ocean-y?  If that conjures up images of stinky fish, then just think clean, clean, clean.  Definitely NOT floral or any girly type of fragrance.  I always put this on before bed and it somehow really is relaxing, as described.  It is NOT greasy and has average moisturizing properties.


5913	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like all butter LONDON Nail Lacquer, Fruit Machine is GORGOUS! The color is soft, classy, & goes on in 2 coats.
3731	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This stuff I think does help a little. For the truly desperate
face feeling smooth and non oily, tho is it.


5077	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have had mild breakouts off and on my entire adult life (I am now 41 and still get them!). I have tried every single skin care product on the market-no exageration-and always go back to Skyn because it is very worth the price. Excellent quality and greet skin within a month of using. I pray Skyn doesn't go out of business...!!
9740	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice hair and body wash that is a great consistency and smells GREAT!  My son wanted this but my husband won out. He is happy with it and so am I!
Sadly, I have nothing good to say about this one.
6417	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice. Makes my skin so soft.
2149	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had doubts about how good this item was rated. I must confess it is a great product. The smell is pleasant and it has rich lather. I use a safety razor along with shaving oil & a brush. I bought other major shaving creams to test and I have found myself going back to Proraso. The more and item cost the better it is. That is not true when comparing Proraso with the expensive  brands. The tube is large and it take a small amount, so it last for months. I will buy this product again and recommend it.
As someone who doesn't normally wear scents, this one does a pretty good job of staying pleasant to me. (I often get really annoyed with smelling perfume during the course of my day.) That being said, it isn't a scent that is revolutionary, it smells pretty similar to a lot of other things that are out there.
She told me that using any acne would become resistant to the Clindamycin I've been using to clear up the dermatitis unless I started using a benzoyl peroxide wash.
2159	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best mentholated shave cream on the market in my opinion.

9177	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff smells strongly and it dries pink so you can't wear it during the day, but it is the only product that dries out a pimple without making the whole skin around it flakey; and really dries out whiteheads. For the hard cyst-like pimples I recommend the buffering Lotion
1978	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As soon as I saw this bottle of nail polish arrive I knew it was it was instant love!
6564	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great cream
aloe vera
- Mint-citrus Mojito flavour is nice enough to put on the lips and does not make you smell like an alcoholic.

9236	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is amazing at clearing up acne. I dab some on before bedtime and in the morning the acne is gone or nearly gone. I was also happy to receive quite a few large samples of some other products by Mario Badescu. I was so impressed with the products, that I immediately ordered a few more. Highly recommend this brand.
The ingredients are: AQUA / WATER - DIMETHICONE - GLYCERIN - ZEA MAYS STARCH / CORN STARCH - ISOHEXADECANE - SORBITAN STEARATE - C13-14 ISOPARAFFIN - 2,6-DIMETHYL-7-OCTEN-2-OL - STEARYL ALCOHOL - AMMONIUM POLYACRYLDIMETHYLTAURAMIDE / AMMONIUM POLYACRYLOYLDIMETHYL TAURATE - POLOXAMER 338 - DISODIUM EDTA - SUCROSE COCOATE - CAPRYLYL GLYCOL - HYDROXYAPATITE - LAURETH-7 - EPERUA FALCATA BARK EXTRACT - DEXTRIN - LACTIC ACID  POLYACRYLAMIDE.
Philosophy Purity is my favorite cleaner and I tend to buy the mega bottles, but I on a whim tried this and was really pleased with it both price wise and its methodology. It works well. It's not drying, it removes my eye makeup gently and I only have to use a small amount (less than the size of a quarter.) So, while this one may have been free, my previous one wasn't! An affordable, effective winner!
5241	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Been using 2 times per day for 2 months with no visible changes. Will try a different brand.

1098	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I absolutely love this setting powder. Now unless you've actually spent any time in Florida during the warmer months of the year you don't know how hard it can be to get makeup to last any amount of time. Especially if you're not originally from here and not used to the heat. I will spend an hour doing my makeup and by the time I get to where I'm going it'll be gone. This setting powder is one of the very few that actually worked for me and is by far the best value. It actually did last me all day, even when the temp outside was a hot and very humid 94 degrees. My makeup looked just as good when I went to do my nightly skincare routine as when I put it on in the morning and that's nothing short of a miracle. Just make sure you follow the instructions and let it settle for the amount of time it's supposed to before wiping away the excess. If this setting powder can tackle the Florida summers it can probably handle almost any situation.
I use this mist to wake me up in the morning, as a pick me up throughout the day, and as a toner in the evening. It is perfect to use before applying moisturizer because it preps the skin to seal moisture in. The spray nozzle imparts a fine, even mist. Some facial mists are more like sprinklers--but this one is not ;) When spraying it on over my makeup, it does give me a nice glow, but does not particularly extend the wear of my makeup like a fixative mist would. It definitely doesn't ruin my makeup, though! I use it often when I wear mineral powder foundation, because it helps takes away the powdery look. Although it's "just water", I truly believe this LRP thermal spring water has a soothing effect. If my skin feels inflamed or sensitive, this calms it. It is rich in skin soothing minerals, as well as selenium, which is an antioxidant.
It covered my sun spots without hiding my face.
U have been using a bit of bright cream blush oddly enough, though you may find it unnecessary; you can still have a dimensional look.
6547	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Use at night after collagen.
6860	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This arrived without ANY sort of seal, it was not even in any kind of box or protective wrapper, and the product is LIQUID.
104	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this color!
8657	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I find this soap to be so creamy and leaves my face soft, clean, and moistursized. I love it, feels great!
1303	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Been using this for years to hide my scalp spots.  Works great!

9355	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	his serum is packed with good stuff, and makes my skin smooth and clear. I don't see it as a very effective pimple fighter, more as a prevention with delicate exfoliation (salicylic and glycolic acids are in low concentrations). It tightens the skins and minimize pores. Is very light and can be used under night cream or treatment.
Water, Shea Butter, Glycerin, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Grape Seed Oil, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Dimethicone, Apricot Kernel Oil, Cetearyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Stearate, Coconut Oil, Sweet Almond Fruit Extract, Honey Extract, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Tocopherol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Fragrance, Xanthan Gum, Propylene Glycol, Sorbitan Isostearate, Polysorbate 60, Chlorphenesin, PEG-100 Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Ceteareth-33, Benzyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Hydroxyisohexyl 3, Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde, Linalool, Citronellol, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Coumarin, Hexyl Cinnamal, Limonene, Geraniol.
5201	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just watched a video of Bobbi Brown doing makeup on older women and she showed that using a heavy rich cream is okay, that it plumps up the face well for makeup application. I'm one that usually uses that at night. But for this last week, I've used it during the day, under makeup, and it's not heavy like I imagined.  It IS thick but it doesn't feel abnormal once your makeup is on.
2908	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does what it's supposed to and does it well.  I use it on my forehead, nose and chin. It goes on like a lotion and doesn't leave a sticky residue.  What more can I say.
254	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	nice bright color.  a little more difficult to apply to due lightness of color
373	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Dermablend's Professional Cover Creme is a winner for me. I have some age spots and this covers well. I like the way it goes on smoothly and stays on for hours.
6436	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Warning. This product contains peanut oil. Not only does it not work, it could kill someone with a peanut allergy. Great job, Mario.


But this stuff doesn't seem to result in dry, itchy scalp.  I use it daily with the conditioner, and my hair looks pretty good (even for an old guy).

4668	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it!!!
3222	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use a shaving brush (a $100 brush from art of shaving) This is a must to get good lather. I like the Jack Black over the Truitt, which came in 2nd, and art of shaving cream, which went to 3rd in my book. The Jack Black cream whips up nice, and you only need a little, I mean like the size of a nickle to get a nice foam to shave with. I have a sensitive face, I use Pacific pre oil, then use this, and I get a nice smooth shave. I have also switched to old fashioned razor, (not straight edge) double edge. I get a great shave, the blades are dirt cheap, and one blad means less abuse to the face !!

J
Over all, 5 stars for value, ease of use, and quality of shave.
9711	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've had some skin surgeries for cancer cells around my face and this helped with some of the areas that were cut and the skin stretched over.  It also seems to have improved the wrinkles on the back of my hands.  It's funny how you first notice getting old, I was only in my late teens or maybe it was early 20's when I noticed the tips of my fingers started to have some lines in them.  It really disturbed me at the time seeing even moderate aging.  I can relate to how some women and men take drastic steps to retain their youth.  As a man, I'm not to vain about most things, graying hair, glasses, not able to do the physical things I could 30 years ago.  Having something that helps your skin and save it from premature aging is a good thing.  I've seen pictures of and in person those sun worshiper types, that look haggard and saggy from sun damage and dry skin.  Some even in their 30's look downright awful.
This shave kit is VERY small, what I would consider sample sizes for all of the items. The sandalwood smells good and works about as good as anything (soap, shampoo, lotion, whatever), but you only get about 2 weeks of shaves worth out of this if you use it the way you're supposed to (as described on the page w/ the video and descriptions).
934	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another beautiful make-up product from Jane Iredale.
4486	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried about 10 micellar waters and this us one of my favorites. It is excellent at removing makeup and it cleanses without drying. My skin feels very soft after using. There is added fragrance, but it is very light and dissipates quickly.
2058	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I loved the color.  But this entire color line by Essie chips VERY FAST.  Even with a great top coat.  Fortunately it dries fast.  But I found myself having to redo my nails almost every day with all of the colors that I bought from this line.  Making me shy away from Essie for a while...


9353	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As stated in a previous review of the MoMo Conditioner ...they are both exceptional products used together. I have acute allergies to many fragrances and the MoMo has the least amount of perfume base in their Shampoo's and Conditioners. Have been using both of them together for several years and they are luxurious, non-dehyrdrating, and a fantastic line. They make all different products which I have tried at my hair salon, some where too strong, but with that being said, their entire line is 5 star. It all depends on your hair texture and what fragrance suits you. Recommend this entire line to anyone looking for a quality product. Thanks Amazon.
5055	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I know Baxter products are for men, but my wife actually ended up using this product more than I. It is great for men, though, in the sense that it does not have a strong fragrance. It feels nice, works well. No real complaints, other than the fact that it is $24. This seems ridiculously expensive. As far as I'm concerned, the cheap stuff works about as well. So while I really like it, I can't see ever buying this full-price.

The jewel-like glass jar holds 50 ml or 1.69 oz. and has a convenient mirrored cap.
971	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this every day. I'm outside all day and my skin has been super abused. I think this is helping me.

5475	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has been using this shaving gel for the past week, and he really likes it.  It's gentle on his sensitive skin, and provides a nice, clean shave.  The pump dispenser works nicely, and dispenses just the right amount for a full shave of the face and neck.
9490	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My wife was looking forward to getting this product. However, when it arrived and she was able to get the ingredient list she decided that this would mot be what she would uses.


I was pleasantly surprised to see that this product does a lovely job. My skin felt scrubbed clean without being stripped of oils. It was noticeably softer. Even my husband noticed a difference (and he's indifferent to most things such as this).
9963	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.

Basically first you apply a light layer of powder over your face, then "set" it with the spray.
Im not sure that I buy that. Both my wife and I tried this night cream out, and I cant say that there was any perceivable difference. It works wellthe AHA formula cleans off the dried skin overnight, and is especially welcome during cold and windy winters.  It is a thick cream, almost like a mask, which is odd if you haven't tried it before. It comes out almost like toothpaste, which was a shock at first. But it blends into the skin nicely. All in all, we are pleased with the results.
Cons - very pricey
Comes in a nice-looking compact. I swept a finger over the foundation and it felt creamy and silky -so far so good! I used a foundation brush to apply it -- over my moisturizer -- and it looked nice, but I still didn't know how it would look once it "dried" to its "powder" -- I went to my appointment, and when I came home, checked my face. Nice! No powdery look; nice satin finish- really, it looked as if I weren't wearing make-up except that my face looked more polished.
4367	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Would order again!
As I look back through the reviews, I see some comments about the bottle people received from Amazon not being genuine or not being high quality. The bottle I received is perfect, looks right, smells right, feels right...the same as I'd at my local department store. So either Amazon must have had a bad batch, or people purchased from a third party seller peddling counterfeit wares.
4959	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product looks beautiful by itself or blended with other colors.  I use it on both my lips and my cheeks.  When blended onto the cheek bone, it provides a lovely, dewy glow.  Very nice product.
The only thing I really don't like is the packaging.  A screw-cap bottle is not the way to go.  It probably would have been best to use a tube for this product.  Ill have to keep the bottle turned upside-down to be able to get it out.
All of these products say you can put them on your face, although I would hesitate about doing that without trying some on your hands first.  It is not so much about skin sensitivity (and the Vichy Id&eacute;al Capital did not irritate my skin at all, as they indicate) but strange or inconsistent color.  Inherently a cream will provide easier and more consistent coverage than a thinner liquid product, but still-- try it on the top of your hands or upper arms first to see if you like the color that might be retained on your face. (I prefer no face application).
I'm definitely a fan of this polish.  The performance has been so good that I'd even consider buying more colors from the same brand -- even though this is expensive, as nail polishes go.
4941	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The hubby and I both use this product, am getting my hair relaxed again and this gives me a little spike into my hair when I want it.
4678	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the Best Hand Cream i have used already this has healed the tiny cracks from the cold on my Hands ,this is not greasy and absorbs very fast My Husband uses this also on his dry hands and his Hands are also healed. I use this two to three times a day and by far this is the best ever,I would recommend this to anyone.
- it can be slippery : shaving sometimes might end you up with soapy hands , water etc, I always make sure my hands are dry to avoid any accidents especially when using this razor.

9666	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best moisturizer, ever! I have mature skin, and from too many years in the sun my legs look like lizard skin. It is really horrible, especially in the winter. I have tried just about every brand you can think of, and they only camoflage the dryness; nothing improved it except this body cream. This stuff is really amazing and worth evey penny. I am using the L'Occitane Shea butter body scrub, and the Ultra Rich Body Cream and my skin looks incredible. My skin is silky smooth and soft. Nothing heals sun damaged skin, but this is as close as I've found to a cure.
The directions say to keep this serum out of your eyes, so be careful about that. Otherwise, just rub it into your face and neck.
2276	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I expect soaps to have some lather, but this just seemed to kind of disappear when I rubbed my hands together to work up a lather.  I found it best to pump the soap onto my hands, then rub onto my skin without trying to make a lather.  I think this body wash still got me clean, but it was weird to not see any lathering.  The scent is a bit on the feminine-side as it has a light floral smell.  Not unappealing or lingering, but definitely noticeable.
While the product is marketed to guys, I am sure that either sex could easily benefit from this superior formula! What a terrific gift this might make-- and the ample size makes it even nicer.  Easily, one of my favorite products!
PS: Several people have actually mistaken this product for successful regrowth on my head.
The other day I had rubber gloves on for a few hours as I worked on an art project. I had just done my nails the day before. Wearing the rubber gloves did the opposite that they are intended to do. Holding the moisture in on my hands for that long caused my polish to being to chip and lift as soon as I removed the gloves. Lesson learned. Too  much of a good thing can be bad!
4015	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very effectivebat getting makeup and dirt off your skin. Smells good and not too harsh
Update: FYI, the product contains talc. There is some controversy about talc and certain cancers. I don't know what to think about that, but some people would rather err on the side of caution.
I say this cream is a good product in the low to mid-price range. It feels great on the skin and didn't cause any redness or irritation which can be a problem for me. My face even felt great the next morning which is much better than dry again or sticky. It was soft and smooth. Plus it works well under makeup so if you're not going to buy five different creams like most companies want you to- this will suffice morning and night.
7612	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Nectifirm for 2 years now and my skin on my neck feels soft and wonderful.  If anything to slow down the "chicken neck" it is SO worth it.  And I really think it works. Even my dermatologist told me she used it.  Anyway, if you just start it, start using it twice a day and then only once daily.  I wouldn't give this up as part of my daily skin routine.  Worth the money
Update:
7912	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Use this stuff regularly. Covers temporary hair loss from a medical condition.
I 'm pretty much neutral girl when it comes to nail polish, but this was a nice and fun experience having this vibrant color on my finger tips.
6608	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Rose water and aloe-great soothing setting spray over your foundation. I keep it in my purse when going outdoors in the south Louisiana summers. A couple of spritzes is a great reviver.

8092	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair is naturally curly but has been thinning for several years. It finally reached a point where it was noticeable.  Being a woman in the performing arts I realized I needed to take action before it became too obvious.  I started to use Minoxidil, thickening shampoos, and hair vitamins. My hair is healthier and there are signs things might be getting better. However, the process takes too long so I wanted something in the meantime that I could use to help me regain my confidence.  I found it in Toppik. So easy to use and the results are immediate.  I even went out in windy weather and wasn't afraid that my thin spots would show.  Whether or not the Minoxidil works, I know I can use this product for as long as I want and no one, not even my husband, notices! Get the 10 gram first to be sure you like it, but then go ahead and get the bigger bottles with holding fiber hairspray.
1608	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The picture doesn't do this color justice. I love this nail polish interestingly enough, I get more compliments from men than women when I use it. Goes with just about everything and a great color for winter.
I've been using this for well over a year and think it is the best thing I've found for my feet.
5041	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Somehow I found a sample of this in a makeup junk drawer, having no clue at all what this was I put it on . Gimme more, I'm loving it, maybe it's the pretty blue color or the way it feels going on  but it's like a serum soothing primer all in one. I am definitely planning on purchasing this in the future
Highly recommended for those who hate the feel of product sitting on their lips, men, the chronically dry lipped AND it's great for lipstick! You can heal your lips before lipstick application and this actually sits the lipstick very well, instead of sliding it around or changing the texture like most lip balms do.
If you are blonde and are looking for a nice way to enhance your eyebrows, you will love this product!
2651	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I simply love everything Burberry and this Weekend for Women Eau de Parfum (3.3 oz) doesn't disappoint one bit.  The bottle is beautiful, yet simple.  The fragrance is very pleasing to me and I've received so many compliments every time I wear it.  Fragrance has a very light floral scent and will smell differently on everyone but overall it isn't strong.  Be sure to go easy on the spray - a little goes a long way.  I personally feel like this is a perfume I will wear day and night, running errands or out on a date! I did stop by Nordstrom to sample the fragrance before I actually received it from AMAZON.com and the lady at the counter told me they didn't carry it because it was being discontinued.  I didn't verify that news so I'm not sure she's correct.  Would be a shame because I really like it.
8736	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product I love that it is made from real strawberry seeds. It makes my skin feel really good without over scrubbing it or drying it out. Another Mario Badesco product to add to our collection.
I am a big fan of Billy Jealousy products and use them regularly. I have been using the Ocean Front body wash for some time and it works well. I decided to give this a try and I am never switching back. This body wash smells terrific, but isn't overpowering. This wash pours thick and suds incredibly well. I was used to the thin, low sudsing, Ocean Front and ended up using way too much, the first time around. You hardly need any of this product to wash yourself. The moisturizing is wonderful! It leaves your skin feeling lightly moisturized without feeling overly greasy. My skin is on the more sensitive side and I have had no reaction to this body wash.
403	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I really wanted to love this. Unfortunately, I don't. Not at all. First, the colors are much darker than other brands and darker than they look in the pictures. Second, this is not a good makeup for an elderly face. This makeup, for me, seems to show every wrinkle and flaw I have. It cakes and looks and feels dry on my skin. It is way too thick, in my opinion. I didn't like the finished look at all.
6443	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I didn't like the way the Mario Badescu Herbal Hydrating Serum felt over or under my moisturizer or my face. However, I have been using this on my elbows that have extremely dry skin and it has almost turned them baby soft. Even my prescription medicine could not do what this serum has done. I plan to try it on a couple of dry spots on my feet next. This is a small bottle but it only take a small amount so I would say it will last awhile.
2897	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing on my horse trainer skin.
It is a soft matte finish and it does truly last for 12 or more hours.
The bad thing about this line...very expensive and coupon codes excludes this brand at checkout.
6725	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Hair looks great!
This a product that I had underestimated until today when I applied it under Dermablend Pro Translucent Loose Setting Powder, which may not be necessary if you want that chroma look; yet because I preferred the varying built-up applications I achieved with the Dermablend Professional Crme, I missed something with trying this last.  As before I was too quick to judge.  I had applied it very thick and then I went out.  I thought to myself that is was mask-like, yet nice moist cover.
day 3- spot was dark red when i woke up and slightly sensitive. applied morning at night. stung. again still cleansed and moisturized my face (you put the gel on after all of that)
9522	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After about a month of use I can say that my skin has been very clear! I love the feel of this soap and the scent is pleasing. The pump bottle is really easy to use and dispenses just enough to do my whole face. Using this once a day I estimate the bottle will last me about 5 months. A little goes a really long way. I like that it is organic. I feel safe using it, especially when I have kids giving me kisses all day, I am not worried they will be exposed to nasty chemicals. I feel like it hasn't dried my skin out either. Overall very happy!
9749	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has been quite a wicked start to the fall/winter season, and I've been very impressed with this Juice Beauty Nutrient Moisturizer. Throughout the year, moisturizing is a twice a day standard in my routine. I always put on Bobbi Brown's eye moisturizer, and Aveeno's Daily Moisturizer with SPF under my foundation. However, I also now find that I've needed to up my moisturizer for the brutally drying winter months, and this organic moisturizer has already done several things very well.
I also color my hair, and this product doesn't wash out the color like other shampoos.
6434	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Keeps your eye area hydrated for really long, great for sensitive skin. I use it under makeup during the day and alone at night. The cream is thick so a little goes a long way.

6799	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this. I've bought this product multiple times. Only apply to pimple as it will dry out the rest of your skin. However, I have put this on large areas of my face during summer months when my face has more oil than usual. I've had problamtic skin for a while and I consider this product necessary in my skin care regimen.

4911	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best ever made!
7511	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I've bought several of the NIA skin care products; I bought this product from a medi spa where these products were really being pushed. I applied it exactly as directed and a few hours later broke out in pus-filled hives to all areas applied to...decolletage & throat,hands,forearms,neck and lower face. Now you may think...maybe it was something else that made the hives pop up? ...but the thing was you could actually see exactly where my hands & fingers had applied it to my skin and it happened 2 x's, the first time I was not sure it was this product,Sun Damage Repair Decolletage & Hands...but you could see the trail of where my hand & fingers had applied it...all red w/ small pustule-like bumps/hives...it left brown spots after healing. It left my skin damaged w/ brown spots where the pustules/hives had been...now I have to do TCA peels to remove the brown scarring I was left with. I will not use this again and I'm using up other NIA24 products and going back to exclusively to Perricone. I am ok with some of the other NIA24 products but they do seem to contain high amounts of waxy substances that leave a residue on my facial skin.
2461	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Per the wife:  I don't have acne. I am 55 years old.  But I do have large pores and I am always looking for products that will help reduce the size.  Plus I have oily skin. I love this mask. I wear heavy makeup during the day, and this mask takes it all off.  When I use a toner after using this mask, there is no makeup left on my face.  It also has a very pleasant scent. I like to put it on in the bathtub after I wash my face, let it dry and then wash it off. It feels very luxurious and does a great job. It reduced my pore size. My skin is tight the next morning and looks great.  The product size is large so you get a lot out of the container.  Overall, highly recommended.

6544	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I knew the product was going to be just what I wanted as I have used it at some of the best spas during a facial.  The price was right at this site!


3821	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	While I like the idea of toners, most have left my skin dry and tight. A sample of the Mario Badescu toner was included in a sample luxury beauty box I purchased. The feel of the toner on my skin was immediately soothing. I didn't have to use much, don't soak the cotton puff, just a little went a long way.
2532	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells great, keeps my skin well hydrated. One of the few Jack Black products I would recommend to someone.
I am not saying their products are bad in any way, I just think there are better products out there for the money.
Not a repurchase and I would not recommend it. I returned it to the store as soon as I could and the clerk said they have a lot of returns on this product.
3841	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is probably one of my favorite dry shampoos. I am fussy about my dry shampoo. I don't like too much grit. I want my hair to still feel like hair after I've used the dry shampoo, but I also want the dry shampoo to remove the oil and clean my hair. This does all these things. Plus, I can use it for a few days in a row and my hair still feels nice and clean, which means I don't have to wash my hair too often.
8224	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love it! Very easy to apply! Quick dry!
CAUTION:
885	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this for a couple of reasons. First, it hydrates your skin and keeps your skin feeling soft and supple. You can use it at any time even after makeup is applied and it will not make your makeup run because it's such a fine mist. It really helps skin that is dry and/or damaged by the sun and really makes your skin tingle and feel fresh.
8824	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it ..super light for the day. Only downfall no SPF.
8614	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product! It is gentle and moisturizing. It is a great daily face wash. It smells good and it lasts a long time. A little goes a long way. You really get your moneys worth. I use Sucker Punch 2-3 times a week to get the exfoliation I need too.
6189	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This has the feel of a lotion that washes off. Not soapy. Leaves your face feeling hydrated, smooth, and clean. Great for combination or dry skin. I previously tried Bioelements Sensitive Skin Cleanser (an oil) and Decongestant Cleaner (more soapy) and this one is my favorite of the three.
7535	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife LOVEs this moisturizer!!!!  It is very aqua-ish, in that the formula has a lot of water in it (as opposed to a thicker moisturizer).  For me, this is too liquidy to wear during the day or under makeup, but perfect for night-time moisture.  It sits on the surface of your skin long enough so that the moisturizer can penetrate the skin gradually over time, but not so long that it never fully absorbs.  Your skin will thank you  its fantastic.  Just a caveat that this is a travel size  cute little jar that can go anywhere with you.



9520	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this Juice Cleanser for about one month.  Different products work for different people - for me this Juice is a bit too drying on my skin for me to use it daily.  But on the other side of the coin I do use it a few times per week and it makes my skin look less oily.  All organic and smells all organic (kind of a seaweedy smell to me).  Goes on light and slick on the skin (not lathery) and washes off easily.  It does seem to help reduce blemishes for me.


2171	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lathers well and does not jam up the razor.  My wife loves the smell.  I will definitely buy this again.


3474	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous color...I love, love, love it! Only need 1 coat, but using 2 plus OPI's base and top coat
936	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The perfect blush!!  Perfect size too; like my products in small sizes.  Iredale blushes are highly pigmented so can be used sparingly.
5623	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	what options do we have when going bald? this a good product it does not attaches to the hair as they promise but it really helps to cover bald spots
5365	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Color correctors like this need to be applied properly, there's no exception to this rule with this product. Only a sheer application is needed under makeup to diffuse the look of redness or blotchy-ness from the skin. It's NOT meant to wear alone (!) you need an additional concealer or foundation to layer over it, which is the whole point of this product. I have redness around my eyes and melasma spots from blemishes that this green tinted cream works well to mask and cover. A little goes a long way in giving the neutralizing effect of the color....more than that looks ridiculous. I highly recommend visiting Dermablend's site or looking online for how to work with color correctors if they are unfamiliar to you. They are a handy weapon for the makeup artist, particularly for photography. Used properly, it works very well by giving a subtle hint of masking tint wherever I have redness. It stays on well and doesn't irritate my skin at all nor does it make my skin oily. I hardly know it's there!
5256	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the feel of this cream. It lasts a long time and I think my neck looks a little firmer.  At my age, I'm not expecting a miracle! I think this is a quality product and I would order it again.

Cucumber Fruit Extract
7291	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the mineral foundation.  It feels like there is nothing on my face.  Jane Iredale had really nice make up.  The only dra.wback is you need to know the color to want.  I purchased this shade because I am very fair with blonde hair.  It works well with some bronzer and blush mineral powder.  I might go just a shade darker next time.  But, really this color is perfect
8749	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love all his products but this feels so good on your face, leaving it nice and smooth and refreshed.
7748	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Clears pores :)
I am a young woman, and without this product I would probably go back to feeling  very self -conscience and uncomfortable in public.
8466	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Although this cleansing soap leaves the skin moisturized and feeling good I found the application to have a pasty unluxurious feel.  If you are looking for a cleansing soap that is foamy that is not how this works.  It's thick consistency works well with the pores, but as much as I see this as a good product for others it is not my cup of tea.

8009	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The coverage is very good.  However, I find that my sink has particles in it after I use it, and it does come off on my pillowcase.  However, it does wash out.
3206	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	best lash primer you will ever purchase. especially if you wear it with Blinc mascara--this stuff will not budge. wore the primer and mascara on a 85 degree humid day, all day. which included a long motorcycle ride and a concert with cocktails. nuff said!!
1870	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great summer color
If you are an experienced shaver and like the 34C (as I did), you may find the 37C an even better tool to use.

Coola Cucumber Sunscreen SPF 30 is a thin white colored cream. It has a moderately strong cucumber scent that dissipates shortly after application. It's a nice change of pace from the tropical fragrances you can encounter with other sunscreens
6283	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It is a really good product for what it is, but for me it leaves a little to be desired. It's a mild exfoliant not super coarse. Could use daily, i use it 2-3 times per week. Makes my face feel like new!
4000	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First, this product is definitely unisex and IMO actually skews masculine more than feminine. The ambergris and woods notes give this a fairly dark and only mildly sweet base, and the rose scent is quite subdued and "green". The overall effect is of a pleasantly floral barbershop type scent, which for me was just perfect. An inexpensive woods / rose mix that is not overly sweet or fake smelling is a great thing, and at this reasonable price point, it is even better. Cabaret by Gres is the closest competitor (in the rose / woods alleged feminine that guys can wear) and Cabaret has a far sweeter and more synthetic smelling rose to it, though Cabaret also is the more complex scent and has better silage and longevity (and is even cheaper!).

825	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this moisturizer for months and it feels very refreshing.
I use this every day and it makes a huge difference, plus it bulks up the roots of your hair.
- Easy application
8209	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great top coat. It goes on smoothly and it dries quickly. I love it and use it often
588	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Have used this product for decades and is the best on the market.
This does contain hyaluronic acid, which has been clinically proven to lighten age spots over time, so be aware that one of the other effects is that it makes your skin slightly more sun-sensitive.  Be sure to use your daily sunscreen!  I wouldn't mind using this product as a general face moisturizer, if the dispenser was a bit larger.

1544	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wanted a natural nail polish. And this is the closest anyone makes. I love how it makes my natural nails look beautiful. Don't have to worry when it starts chipping because you barely notice. Made my nails a lot less yellow. Love this product!
As for sizing the one inch is the most popular and any hair stylist worth their salt can make any size curl or wave with the one inch diameter rod. The price on Amazon was the best - beating out even the closed to the general public beauty supply houses that cater only to professionals.
1248	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
2435	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love, love, love this flat iron it get the job done, I'm able to straighten large sections of my hair at one time!!!
Keep it up with ENVY, girls - and you'll never be sorry.
I have found as I have gotten older that I want my lips to look fuller, but I  don't want them to be too colorful and I want to look more natural yet still look like I care about the way I look. THIS combo is finally the answer for me.

5672	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a life saver - I could not live without it.  I have a full head of hair, but there's one spot on the top of my head that is thinning out and I'm very self concious, so instead of going through a transplant, this does the job.  A friend of mine that had the same problem but she has her hair with highlights, uses it as well, and she has 2 bottles, one in light medium brown and another blonde, and she uses both at the same time.  It looks great
As mentioned, I'm very white, but using this product makes it look as if I have deep natural tan.  So it's not just for people with darker skin, but people with really white skin could use it too.  Might be better than some tanner as it's not greasy and doesn't run off.  The product is completely unscented.  It's a small quantity of product, but a little goes a long way.
I'm sure this product will give me many years of great shaving.
2299	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was ording Opi nail polish from this vendor and decided to order the base coat at the same time.  I got both for the price of one shipment and have found I really like the Opi base coat.  It's long-wearing and a good product, as are all the Opi products I've tried.


7683	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Does a fabulous job of exfoliating the skin gently . I use it three days a week in the morning only . Very pleased with the product was recommended by my esthetician who is also a nurse
3816	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin is sadly getting older at 35 and my pores are not getting smaller.  I have generally sensitive skin that is just aching for moisturizer but is prone to black heads, white heads and cystic acne. Blech.  I was told once that it doesn't matter what you wash your face with because you wash it all off.  This is not true.  It does make a difference.  I need to gently slough off dead skin, clean those oversized pores and reveal brighter skin underneath.  This cleans without leaving your face too dry and shiny like it has been purged of moisture and over exfoliated.  You do not need a large amount, so a dime size if that.  Take your time cleaning your face and rotating the cleanser about with your finger tips.  Rinse and I follow up with the Mario Badescu protein face cream which is really thick and makes my face so delightfully soft.

She found that the Nourishing oil was not oily on the skin. Her skin just felt softer and not dry. It soaked right in and gave a skin the nice smooth non-dry appearance and feeling. It has no fragrance and it seems to leave no residue of any kind. Another thing that she liked about the oil was that it was not a chemical soup. She will not use most of the common products for skin care because of the many unpronounceable substances which they contain.
7104	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Jack Black shampoo now for over a year.  I switched to Jack Black when Nordstrom switched from Anthony line of products to the Jack Black line.  Best switch I ever made.  First off my hair is thick (I am 43 with a full set of hair) but always felt somewhat dry.  Also, I am embarrassed to admit that I would get flakes during the hot summer months.  Since I went to Jack Black my hair is shinier and feels softer and no flakes at all this summer.  Smells great and it is easy to get a nice lather.  Will continue to keep buying Jack Black as I am the age where keeping all of my hair intact and looking nice is important.
I got great results by using the cream at night only after a shower and gentle exfoliation with a wash cloth.

8104	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Previously, my goto pomade was Sticky Rice by Cibu.  I have slightly coarse, medium length hair.  The Cibu was decent, although I thought the hold was a little weak.
Well, it works (and I've tried it with several foundations).  My foundations go on smoother and last significantly longer and I just love the sheerness.  This is weightless, comfortable, and leaves my skin feeling great.
Organic lemon juice, organic sweet cherry juice, organic white grape juice, organic aloe juice, decyl glucoside, vegetable glycerin, sodium hydroxide, gluconolactone, sclerotium gum, xanthan gum, lysolecithin, pullulan, sodium benzoate, sodium levulinate, organic sage leaf extract, dandelion leaf extract, lemon balm leaf extract, algae extract, tocopherol, retinyl palmitate, lime oil, tetrasodium glutamate diacetate, sodium anisate, citric acid, may chang, organic bitter orange and organic ylang ylang pure essential oils
9220	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome

5267	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My skin feels very clean and soft after washing. Not tight. The smell is a little too strong in the beginning though, but once I washed it off it's ok.
8724	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Supposed to help with my type of skin. Does the opposite. I got itchy and broke out all over using this. It smells nice though. I wouldn't use it again.

4411	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've had some bad experiences with make up removers....irritation, greasy residue, lack of efficacy in getting make up off. This product is excellent on every count. It is gentle, has no fragrance and is very efficient at removing mascara, liner and eye shadow.
TEXTURE


I drink red wine, coffee, and I'm an ex-smoker. My teeth were getting a bit yellower as I neared 30 but they are finally white again and they are staying white!
This is a product trio of hair masks. The box contains three products that are each in their own box.
If that is what you want, fine.  Personally I prefer a more natural look.  If you too are looking for natural then this is not what you want.
I gave this a try, and it seems to work fine, no chipping for complete 3 days which is very rare event for me.
1176	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product for thin hair, I have been using it for several years and never want to be without it.

8832	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best eye cream I found.  It absorbs into the skin easily without feeling greasy. The only thing I don't like is they make this silly container with a false bottom so the container looks like it has more cream it in that there is.
2840	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I purchased this for my husband and he loves it.  He no longer uses my stuff as he has his own.
7886	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like it but very expensive and other comparable products available.
6624	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My stylist recommended this. Great price. You can adjust the heat for your hair type. Holds curls great just spray a little hair spray and your sure to look and feel your best!
Notes: Watermelon, Mandarin, Pink Passion Fruit, Marigold, Green Apple, Water Hyacinth, Crushed Leaves, Tuberose Absolute, Wild Rose, Princess Lily, Tuberose, Caramel Creme Brulee, Vanilla, Precious Woods, Patchouli.
5. Doesn't dry my skin to make the wrinkles look worse
2963	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Cellex - C makes excellent, but expensive products.
8713	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	leaves the skin soft without the excess oil.

9774	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jane Iredale is a good product. This is easy to use and does not dry or cake
9872	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Many years ago when I started shaving, my dad gave me a double edged razor and a can of shaving cream, pointed me at the sink and said have at it.  When I finished I looked as though I had a fight with the family cat and was the apparent loser of the battle. Since that time I have come full circle in my shaving experience and many different razors later, from the disposable Bic to the Gillette 5 blade razor the vibrates and pivots I have arrived back at the good old DE Razor,  Except now I know what I am doing and I now get the finest save I have ever had.
Downsides: I contacted the company to ask a simple question that should have had a canned response, and never heard back, so they may not be the most customer service-oriented folks. The products also contain parabens, so if you avoid those, these are a no-go.
7176	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this conditioner. I have been using it for years and it helps my colored hair to fade less quickly. There is a noticeably difference in fade speed when I don't use this conditioner. The smell is amazing and it makes my hair very soft. I will be a loyal customer as long as I keep my hair this color.
3658	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like using self tanner in mousse form. To me, it much easier to apply it. If you are a little scared of using a lotion or cream, you may like using a mousse. Ive used creams, lotions, mousses, and sprays and prefer a mousse probably the best.
462	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you're looking for a product that will cover up imperfections in your skin completely (even dark spots under your eyes), this is great. It goes on smooth but covers up well.  I love that it has SPF 30 in it as well to protect my face for young skin for years to come.  I'm impressed with Dermablends products!
I would buy this product and believe the price is reasonable.  You don't need to use much to get the full benefit of its moisture value.  SPF is an added bonus - always. The sun protection is moderate, however.

Wow again.  I hadnt understood at first how I can use this, as one of the colors I own is a darker bronze; and while I hadnt yet noticed the medium (my shade).  I mistakenly applied some of the dark under my cheekbones to see a defined look which actually worked for me, yet thick as I applied it - and silly me! I am thinking that since this product says body in the title it is going to be nice for use on varicose veins and other body imperfections like a permanent rash I have. Double win with this product results!
256	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great stuff
7012	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The blemish clearing cleanser really gives a deep down cleanse, lathers nicely too. The blemish clearing serum worked ok. I prefer a higher 2% of salicylic acid. This one is .75% which may work for some, but doesn't help much with my adult acne. The oil free moisturizer is lightweight, worked fine, but nothing out of the ordinary. The added blemish clearing peel was a nice treat. I felt like it did brighten my complexion and made my face feel soft. I only wish a sample of the blemish clearing powder would've been included. As is, it is a very nice good size set to try Juice Beauty to clear your complexion. My reason for 4 stars is because of the smell of the products. I found it to smell a little medicinal. Overall, good value and the cleanser and mask is worth the price for the whole kit.
wish it were cheaper and easier to get, though.
328	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Thanks so much!
Overall, if you have blemishes youll need to try it yourself. It seems to do a good job of keeping my face clean and unclogged, but its a little expensive as a breakout preventative.
8307	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color looks great on and stays on! Strong nail polish that lasts much longer and less chipping then other competitive brands.
5366	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I live in Florida and now that I'm retired, I don't wear make-up much anymore.  I have very fair skin with some blotches and imperfections.  There are times that I want to have a little bit of coverage to help even out my skin.  I actually used this product on my face and found it to be very nice.

Aside from this razor I also have a Van Der Hagen (butterfly one-piece, got it from Target) and a Merkur 37c Slant Bar (2-piece). I like that this razor is also a 3-piece - I like having the 3 different types. The 3-piece is the best for traveling if you need a very compact package. You could disassemble and pack this into an altoids tin :)
1373	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For those of us with thinning hair, this is the perfect solution to give us the look of more hair.  I've used it for years and no one has ever known that I use it.
546	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Update: After using this foundation for a while now, I'm totally crazy about it. Using a makeup sponge to apply it gives me perfect coverage and I'm just amazed at how it can give such good coverage and still be so thin and natural looking at the same time. I'm hooked on this foundation!
Pros:
3493	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this color is BEAUTIFUL!!!! i love it!!
I put a little bit of the magic yellow cream on my lips at night and wake up to lips that stay soft all day.

6085	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I wasn't a fan of this cleanser at all. It's gooey, messy, and feels like cement mix. Also there are many black specs in it that sticks to everything, and not just your skin. These black specs will stick to your sink or shower. The consistency here is not pleasurable and I would old good old fashioned soap instead. A big pass here.

6783	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product works great I have oily skin and it dries them up.
5687	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I went through a major hair shed a couple of years ago, which was when I got my first Toppik Fibers. This product has helped preserve my vanity by hiding my widening part and other thin spots on my head. Toppik blends in so nicely and stays put until your next wash. I don't use the spray nozzle attachment, I just sprinkle it on and pat it out to blend in, as they demonstrate in the video on Toppik's website.

8259	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This review is for "The Old Bill."  On my nails, it's a light, shiny copper color (but muted compared to actual copper metal).  It went on smoothly although I did need to use three coats to get it to be opaque (which means you might be able to do some interesting things with layering over other colors).  I didn't use a base coat and used a Seche Vite quick dry topcoat.
5759	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	WORKS GREAT
8744	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have used various facial scrubs and masks over the years but I always keep coming back to MB strawberry face scrub.  As other reviewers have mentioned, it is not like a typical face scrub instead it is a creamy scrub with strawberry seeds as an exfoliant.  I love the smell and texture of this scrub even when I have breakouts because it is gentle on my skin.  I find that Mario products are very natural and I have never had an issue with any of their products causing a negative reaction with my skin.

943	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice color...good saturation..
7255	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	People ask all the time what I use. This does NOT settle into pores like other mineral makeup. I also have acne prone skin and have never had issues with any Jane Iredale product. The color is VERY different from the loose, so don't expect to use them interchangeably. Looks even better over a primer. If you have oily skin, put Absence under this to be shine free all day. Looks super natural and photographs well. Even wore it at my wedding.
7658	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it
4284	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE IT
9609	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Lovely soap with a nice scent and lathers very well, scent is light and won't clash with anything else you might wear, feels like your spoiling yourself! Buy this and you won't regret it. Well worth the price! Ill be buying again!

7632	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product has been around for awhile, it is good for sensitive skin, not as heavy, or stinky as other brands of suntan lotion. I use every once in awhile for dry skin on arms and legs. It smells and feels good, the brand name and packaging is cool!
After one week of using this product, I noticed my pores were definitely not as noticeable and my acne was greatly improving! I was still thinking there's no way this product is this great! I also noticed that my skin looked brighter and healthier as well.
5949	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I just used this polish for my manicure. Everyone loved it at the salon. I am getting so many compliments! This shade just might work all year long. There is a beautiful shimmer to it as well. A perfect mauve-brown shade!
4897	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product is recommend by doctors... Great cover and ingredients are wonderful.
5866	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love this color but pricey
1182	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it this really works!
4202	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After my aesthetician recomended the A&C serum (which I love so much), I decided to try other PCA Skin products. The toner is great, non drying and has a great pumpkin smell. I use this along with the PBO clenser and the A&C serum. I struggle with acne and using this products help me keep my pores clean and unclogged. Highly recommend the line.
8948	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Yum.... love Mario B. products, they never disappoint!
519	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	While I am not a fan of some of Dermablend's other products (their foundation in a tube products), the Cover Cr&egrave;me line excels.  It applies easily, and a small application covers very well.  You don't really notice it on your face, and it doesn't get cakey.
I'm now a huge fan of Juice products and can't wait to try more.  They are the first products I've used that actually made a noticeable difference and the bonus is:  all natural and cruelty free.
1353	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have some thinning in my part, and have been using Joan River's Great Hair Day for years. It gives a slight itch sometimes but is easy to brush on and gives full coverage. I bought the Toppik after reading reviews of no itch and how it works better than Great Hair Day. I kept shaking it on my head and it didn't look like the powder even came out. Then I slowly see a pile of powder forming on my hair, and I had to mix it in with my fingers. I even tried using the Great Hair Day brush, to no avail - the brush didn't pick up on the Toppik powder. I used the Toppik applicator for parts which I bought seperately, but that didn't work well either. I'm back to using Great Hair Day and the Toppik is sitting ignored in my closet.
This Burberry Brit Sheer has a light floral fragrance that isn't at all overpowering and I find that I can wear it without any ill effects. The scent is floral, yet fruity, but not cloyingly sweet or musky. I very much enjoy the fragrance and wore it to my allergy doctor appointment today and was complimented on it.
9766	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	A little heavy on my skin. Think I'm gonna wait until the colder months to use this regularly.




if you like the texture of Nivea, but want an everyday cream that's even richer and more moisturizing - this is your product!

I have seen one negative review but I don't think she was using it correctly, otherwise she would not have had those issues. Also you must use the color that's closest to your hair color and you will have wonderful results!!
3059	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love IS Clinical serums. I've tried several in the past, my favorites are Pro Heal, Vit C+E and 20% vit C. They truly make a difference in skin appearance.
9411	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This review is for the La Roche-Posay Repectissime Liquid Eyeliner for Sensitive Eyes.
2165	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Everyone who positively reveiwed this product was right on. This cream lathers up great (without using a ton), it smells awesome and provides one of the best shaves I have ever received. Proraso has great prices and works better than products twice it's price. Once I finish this tube, I will try the jar.
8578	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this RS2 Care Cream for years and I love it!!!  I have tried other creams recommended to me but always come back to this.  It really helps with my rosacea (even though I have a light case of it) and keeps my skin very comfortable. It is a light, cream, not heavy at all, and I love the rosy scent. I plan to use this until product forever.
3189	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff works.  a little goes a long way so a tube lasts a long time.  leaves my frizzy wavy hair smooth and soft.  shiny too.  not sticky.  not weighed down.  Worth the money.
2796	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Cutting fingernails is always an annoying task.  The cheap little cutters are uncomfortable to use, require a lot of pressure to make their dull "blades" cut, and shoot the fingernail tips across the room.  Then the little scavenger hunt begins, as I search the room to try and collect the wayward tips.

If you don't have such dry skin, you may want to try something a bit harsher, as this really doesn't get the dead skin off well.  Shaving is, of course, an extreme exfoliation in itself, but a cleanser this gentle might cause acne or razor bumps in some skin types.

4662	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin is super sensitive and I have always had acne. When I started using natural and organic products in high school my skin cleared up right away. Then that company went out of business and my skin started flaring up again.
COLOR?
7942	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have fine thinning hair.  I used two other products before trying Toppik Hair Building Fibers. I used a color spray aerosol and a brush on powder.  I didn't care for the aerosol spray because you had to be so careful not to get overspray on your clothes.  The brush on powder does work for small areas, but my hair continued to thin and it was time consuming to cover the top of my scalp.  This powder was suggested by a sales clerk at a beauty supply store.  It seemed to work better and was easier to use.  If I had a choice, I would like not to use any product, but I don't want my scalp showing so I am very happy to have a product like this.
The only thing I really don't like is the packaging.  A screw-cap bottle is not the way to go.  It probably would have been best to use a tube for this product.  Ill have to keep the bottle turned upside-down to be able to get it out.
Would highly recommend to others with relaxed hair.
7663	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I Love this product!!! It cleanses with no greasy residue after and it is very gentle.  It work wonders on dry skin!
5938	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	You can't go wrong with Butter and this is a very pretty dark purple.  I've never experienced any trouble with chipping with the Butter polishes and I would definitely recommend them to everyone.  Even though they are pricey, they don't contain the harmful chemicals other polishes do, they go on smoothly and you won't find more unique and pretty colors

I've used this regime religiously - alas just getting worse for now - all over my forehead (never break out there), all over my jawline (painful, scarring red patches on both sides), all around my lips. I've pretty much had to cut out make up most days because it makes it look like scabbed, uneven pavement.
I do feel like this product is an asset, and I am glad someone thought of it.  You might find it sticky, but after awhile it is more matte.  This also depends of course upon what type of conditioner we use.  Mime is not oily.  A more creamy or oily moisturizer will change the stickiness most likely quite a bit to more creamy.
It says to use it twice a day, but when I put it on in the evening, I wake to find it's gotten all crusty. It's not horrible, but I get crusty bits in my eye, which while harmless are annoying. I'm dinging it one star for that. I'm using one pump on the entire area, so I'm sure it's not that I'm using too much.
2396	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is by no means a light, frothy scent, neither is it excessively heavy or overpowering as long as it's applied sparingly.  I find it delightfully spicy, intriguing and complex.  Because it can be assertive, I've had the most satisfactory results spraying the air and walking into the mist rather than spraying myself directly.  Even with that indirect method, the fragrance lingers all day and doesn't really fade for hours.

The set is a great kit to get into a good skin care regime.
4218	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	been using it for a year now and I love it as the other PCA products

9142	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I didn't expect this product to actually remove my pimple overnight, but I had this one blemish on my chin for 2 weeks, applied the drying lotion, and boom, gone in the morning! Definitely a great product!
Now, this is the the proverbial "real deal." It is genuinely full-coverage. Therefore, if possible, apply extremely lightly. Then use a Beauty Blender to blend. And, keep blending. Then, apply just a little extra with a brush to areas that require more attention (a tattoo, a blemish, a birthmark, etc.). Then gently blend that (especially around the edges). Use a loose translucent powder to set this. Put it on with a dusting of a brush if you have dry to normal skin ... if you skin is oily, gently press it on with a powder puff.
591	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This has a very red undertone and it transfers but I can still make it work, Its ok
9569	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a spicy, woodsy and modern scent.  It has a masculine scent.  It's got a rich scent.  I like it.  I got it for my son who is 30-something who likes to wear more modern scents when he goes out with his new bride for date nights.  I like the scent.  It is unusual and original.
5311	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I Love this product!!! It cleanses with no greasy residue after and it is very gentle.  It work wonders on dry skin!
I started using the cream during cooler months when the areas I applied the cream to were covered by clothing and thus protected from UV. I was patient. It took several months for the sun damaged skin of my arms, upper back, hands and calves to start improving.
8193	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I recently purchased an array of Butter LONDON products. I think this basecoat is my favorite. It has a great consistancy, doesn't smell too strong, dries fast and has a nice tint and almost a matte finish.
I don't get people saying it absorbs into their skin well, or complaining that it doesn't moisturize well enough or that it's high priced almond oil....you know it's a shower oil, yeah? Says so right on the bottle. Emphasis on "shower". Okay. Just checking.
Please don't cheat yourself and get a nice brush.
1798	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful alone (not a good topper because it covers so well, in one coat, which is a good thing too)
7295	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I read about this product in a recent issue of _Lucky_ magazine, where it was touted as an excellent weekly mask.  I used it for the first time today, and it left my skin incredibly soft and silky.  My pores were also noticeably smaller.
970	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	muy bueno
Worth the money. Use twice a day. Moisturizes. Stay away from soap!
I have not tried gel polish.
I use this in the mornings after washing my face. It absorbs well and I'm on to the rest of my morning routine. Coola says you'll be sun-ready in 30 minutes (as with most sunscreens) and that you should reapply every two hours. Most days I wear makeup, so reapplication of a goopy sunscreen isn't going to happen--but then most days my sun exposure is limited. I have noticed that my limited sun has resulted in a tan on my un-sunscreened flip-flopped feet, so I'm sure to put my face sunscreen on every morning.
7124	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	GREAT STUFF!!


3966	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Well, this was a gem of a find! It's translucent, and I don't get any weird ghostly camera flash back when I wear it. It's soft, silky, and applies with the puff, or my powder brush, flawlessly.
I will buy this product again for two reasons: the price is fair, and I do not want to pay a dermatologist to prescribe me benzoyl peroxide or salicylic acid. The dying lotion is a good product, but it's not a miracle. Set your expectations reasonably, and you should be fine.
4840	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	greatest dry shampoo out there for blonde hair...doesnt dry mine out
9650	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this lip plumper.  Just wish it would stay on my lips longer.  I do reapply it often during the day.  Still, my lips feel quite nice using it and I would definitely recommend it.
coconut oil, calandula, grape seed oil, horse chestnut, lime oil, peppermint oil, and shea butter.  I can't remember seeing a more impressively natural assortment.

1700	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	The brush is splayed out so i can't really use it. Just seems like cheap bristles or something?
  UPDATE Sept 2 2013::

6342	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I already have several products that I own from Mario Badescu and I was very happy to add the Rose Hips Nourishing Oil to my collection of beauty products. This doesn't feel like a typical face oil to me.  It is a lot lighter but certainly works just as well as the thicker face oils that I own. I find it does a great job at giving me the moisture back into my skin that is needed.  This will be very helpful for me in the winter months coming up when my skin always seems to be very dry.  After the oil sunk into my skin It didn't feel sticky at all.  Overall, this oil does a great job giving back the moisture your skin needs!
The scent is a bit too much for everyday wear, but it's nice for a night out. It's a pleasant blend that seems vaguely familiar. I like that it's not too sweet - I can't stand perfume that make me smell like a bouquet. This one has some musky notes, but still has a feminine feel.
8461	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is useful as it described.
1867	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I love Essie nail polish...but this color itself is only SLIGHTLY different than "Butler, Please". I purchased this in the store, and it appeared more purple under the lights which was what I was looking for. I put on a layer of "Butler, Please" on one nail and this on the next one. BARELY any difference. Still a pretty color but just be aware that it is just like this color. Now I have two of the same basically.
7339	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	No matter what time of year, I have long had to deal with dry skin around my nose and occasional pimples on my face (from sleeping on my hands at night).  As a result, I've been dealing with a variety of skin care products since high school, from generic store brand creams to expensive products purchased online.  Through all of that, I have never actually tried a three-part skin system and was hopeful that this "1-2-3 Kit" from Baxter of California would work for me.  In a word, yes.  This is one of the best overall skincare products I have ever encountered after years of experimentation.

After reading the ingredient list, I realized like others that this product really isn't an oil but a rose hip extract in a base of propylene glycol and glycerin.  Even so, I do notice a benefit from using it as directed.  Skin is less dry with a more even complexion.
9313	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This entire line rocks. Love my white teeth1
Overall I'm pretty happy with this set!
I used it with straight edge and more recently with double edge safety razor, but it's great even with cartridge razors (but please do yourself, your face and your budget a favor and switch to DE or straight edge).
8514	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I keep looking for new moisturizers since they keep discontinuing them. I was hesitant on using this one as it doesn't look like much but wht a surprise. I use just a little dot of the lotion and just in my forehead (which tends to be direr). When I got home from work, I checked my forehead and it still felt smooth and not dry. The next day I used it for my entire face and it worked great. My face feels moisturized and not tight at all.
52	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	And quite simply, she does too. She recommended it, but I really do actually like it for myself. Its not overpowering like "I can't breathe let me out of this elevator RIGHT NOW" and its not too light like "I wonder what that old lady with the flowery perfume was doing in this elevator". Its strong, bold and crisp.
5262	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	and there is no ingredient listing that I can see. Also there was a little wiping off the print on the bottle.
Toppik has completely changed my life. It's not perfect but look at it like makeup. It covers up just enough so that if you didn't tell people they wouldn't know. I have confided in 2 or 3 close friends that I started using it and asked if they saw any difference. They said "That stuff is F--- AMAZING!" If you have thinning or balding hair, scalp issues to cover up it's worth the money.
745	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This foundation is a very good match to my complexion. I am very pale, and the color doesn't stand out.  I need a light coverage foundation, and this is light and makes my skin look dewy and glowing.  A very nice product, even for older skin.
I hated shaving! My skin always got irritated and burned after! Then I tried this stuff after watching hours of videos, I broke down and gave it a whack. Now mind you I'm in a wheel chair so it is harder for me to shave and I get worn out in my chair quickly!!!! After using this I look forward to shaving I can't wait for the stubble at 5pm or 5am to show up cause I'm going to shave... I will spend the extra 10 min to get outta  bed to go through the procedure to shave ! My skin comes out so smooth and irritation free!!!!!! And the girlfriend really noticed a difference! Spend the money, spend the time to learn , spend the time to treat your self to something fun and comforting !!!
7084	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I found this shampoo difficult to lather. I really had to use a lot to get even a small lather. This does not perform consistently for me and the price is too high. I have thick hair anyway, so I did not notice much of a change in the thickness/quality of my hair. I won't be buying this again.
6886	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Will get rid of redness within a few hours. Doesn't always get rid of the acne but always tones down the redness.
6563	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product for about 2 years and find it so nourishing yet light. I have somewhat sensitive skin and the Elemis products are very pure. The aroma is also very light and soothing!

5105	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best hand cream.
6713	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	been using it for years now, good product.

With a new bottle, I peel off the plastic tape that is covering the shaker, then tape off 1/2 of the opening with blue painter's tape - otherwise too much will come out too fast.
1644	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Soooo sparkly I love it.  It was really pretty for Halloween. I really recommend this polish for a change of pace.
Associated gear: Parker 99R safety razor; Boker Tree Brand straight razor; Escali Badger Hair brush; Proraso Green pre-shave.
4300	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the big pump bottle, makes it super easy to use. I have acne prone, combo skin. Dry in some places, oily in others. It says paraben free, color free...not sure how it's blue though. It has fragrance and SLS which I try to avoid in face products but otherwise I like the texture and my face feels good afterwards. My favorite facewash,&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Toleriane-Purifying-Foaming-Face-Wash-Cleanser-for-Normal-To-Oily-Senitive-Skin-13-5-fl-oz/dp/B01N34XW93/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Toleriane Purifying Foaming Face Wash Cleanser for Normal To Oily Senitive Skin, 13.5 fl. oz.</a>&nbsp;also removes my eye makeup and doesn't have a scent. I'll use the Bioderma up, but I think I'll always go back to my favorite one.
4250	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am one who likes rich vanilla and musk scents over the more citrus astringent perfumes, so Laura Biagiotti Roma Eau de Toilette is perfect for me. Because it is such a warm scent, a little goes a long way. This rich formulation is long lasting, so a brief spritz either on the wrist or decollete will last for hours. Sprayed on a cotton ball it can be placed in a lingerie drawer to give a wonderful lasting and matching scent to panties and bras. Roma has an absolutely dreamy scent at a reasonable pricepoint that will not break the bank.
1906	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color is absolutely phenomenal. Its muted- but it pops color at the same time! If you want it more neutral, you can apply the coats lightly, if you want it brighter you can do thicker coats. This is one of my favorite Essie colors! It has an orangey tint so I would not suggest getting this color if you'r skin has an orangey glow. My skin's undertone is more pinkish so it looked good on me.
219	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	OPI IS ALL I WEAR
2973	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	...and doesn't really deliver the foamy lather I was expecting and hoping for. Still, just a small amount of product cleans my face very well, leaving it smooth and soft. I'd still prefer more actual foam, but all things considered, this is a good cleanser.
in his life and I wanted him to have the best.
I find it to be a little pricey, but definitely worth a try.  It's gonna last you a while anyway.
What I like about this brand is the ease in which the cream is applied.  Not much is needed. It goes on fast and dries fast, and lasts a half day before fading or sweating off.  It isn't fragranced nor irritating, and it comes with SPF 30 sunblock..
3949	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like all of the Avene products I've purchased.


4622	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a face cream connoisseur and make my own, so I'm always looking for good ideas that I can incorporate into my own recipes. I love this cream, but haven't figured out how to duplicate just yet. It has a wonderful fresh, natural fragrance that I adore! There is also a Green Apple Eye Cream&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Juice-Beauty-Green-Apple-Nutrient-Eye-Cream-0-5-fl-oz/dp/B001F07IZE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Juice Beauty Green Apple Nutrient Eye Cream, 0.5 fl. oz.</a>, but I prefer Juice Beauty's Stem Cellular Eye Treatment&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Juice-Beauty-Stem-Cellular-Repair-Eye-Treatment-0-5-fl-oz/dp/B004I14JD6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Juice Beauty Stem Cellular Repair Eye Treatment, 0.5 fl. oz.</a>&nbsp;as it is more gentle on my eyes and is excellent to use with the Green Apple Age Defy Moisturizer!
236	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I bought Bee Mine Forever, put it on for the first time today. This polish is a darker yellow than it looks to be on the listing, which, ok, that happens, but it's just really terrible overall. The consistency is such that the first coat is streaky, and the second coat does not help, the streaks beneath are still visible. I have had it on for just a few hours now, having used the OPI base and top coat for this line, and it has chipped already even though I have done nothing chip-worthy. This line of polish is really hit-or-miss with color, consistency, and durability and I would say this one is a major loser. Also do not recommend the silver or Beyond the Pale Pink.
The solution cleans and tones, leaving my sking feeling like it is in perfect balance.  I believe if I use this every day I iwll be pimple-free for the mostpart.  I have to use a clean pore masque once a month, but this is perfect for me as an everyday maintenance followed by moisturizers, humectifiers (if you want to call them that), and then make-up.

5435	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I've heard very good things about this brand, and was excited to try this cleanser. I'm at the nuisance age of enjoying periodic acne along with mild wrinkles, so I keep looking for solutions for the former that don't exacerbate the latter (dry skin makes the wrinkles look worse, for those not yet familiar with the pattern). This cleanser is not going to stay in my arsenal.
And, since fragrances smell differently from person to person, I lightly sprayed some on my wrist to compare how it developed on my skin. It smelled quite good but unlike some fragrances for men that also work for women, this one definitely seems unabashedly male.
This is also an excellent product to bring on long haul flights to keep everyone's skin less dry, including the little ones.
8847	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love LAFCO candles.  The hand blown glass is beautiful and their fragrances are amazing.  Long burning.  My only wish is they had a refill.
Feels light and airy but doesn't feel like like a cool water being spritz (like a thermal water spray) instead it has a substance to it (but as I said is still light and airy) and I hesitate to use the word film because that sounds negative but I don't mean it that way-it has a film-like or slightly sticky to the touch texture if sprayed liberally over skin. It sinks in quickly though and that goes away with it. It is not bothersome or time consuming.
7278	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I don't think this minimized my pores that much unfortunately.
4090	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Smells great and works well for my all silver shoulder length hair. My hair has no dye or chemicals on it so I want to keep it bright and healthy, and this helps. Good shampoo.
5436	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a tiny miracle bottle.  It contains salicylic acid which is a leader in skin care for blemishes.  It comes in a small bottle but a tiny drop lathers and goes a long way.  The smell is strong as if you can feel it working.  I think it is clearing my skin daily the more I use it.  RECOMMENDED.
673	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am allergic to every brand of makeup except Jane Iredale.
3922	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I love OPI's colors as far as the polishes are concerned.  However, the durability factor of this product is just the worst.  I know people have said this product is just awesome, but take it from a teacher who subjects her hands to chalk 185 days a year; it just doesn't hold up.  For the price I paid, it didn't hold up well and was unfortunately not worth the money.
2892	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice. Would like to find 30%. Have used MD Forte with 30% before.

6131	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this face lotion!
950	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jane Iredale only sells the best. This product line has me hooked. I wouldn't even look at another makeup brand!
On the plus side, I did my nails last night and have spent about 10 hours typing since then, and they show no wear at all.  Right now I'm using OPI's Natural Nail Base Coat and Top Coat, but I have the Zoya products on order (Ulta didn't stock those).  I'm hoping the all-Zoya combo will give me a super long wear.  I'll come back and report in when this one starts to show wear, and also after my first all-Zoya manicure begins to show wear.  So far, I recommend!
9709	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like everything but the price.
5449	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband has never bought any product to help with the after shaving woes. He tried this product after a recent shave and declared it a miracle worker. This after-shave treatmentt helped soothe his irritated skin and did so without any burning feeling. He said his skin felt refreshed and on the road to feeling normal again. The product was non-greasy and alcohol-free which sounds like a great combo to me. We also both loved that it is fragrance free. I just might be stealing a bit of this product if I ever need it.
2588	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Before I talk about the product itself, I've got to mention the packaging since it's pretty unique.  The blush comes in a no-frills plastic rectangle that measures approx. 1-1/2" x 3-1/4".  You flip open the top and the blush is on the bottom with a mirror on the top.  There's no brush included, which is fine since those mini blush brushes are utterly useless.  There are little "tracks" along the side which allow you to connect and stack other Jouer products - it's like a cosmetic Lego kit.  How cool is that?  I like that there's not a lot of excess packaging and the potential to build your own handy make-up kit--very clever!  Now for the blush....
Ideally, I'd like to think this JB kit could work for someone, but not if you have sensitive + oily skin. I'm assessing my "purge" was my skin reacting poorly to the product. However, many are vague as to how to distinguish between a reaction and a so called purge - if the purge actually exists, you know. Therefore, I suggest if you are breaking out in places you typically don't you may be having a poor reaction to something in the product. If you are an oil slick 30 days into "testing" a new regime, you're likely not acclimating to it well. That was the case for me anyway.
This a product that I had underestimated until today when I applied it under Dermablend Pro Translucent Loose Setting Powder, which may not be necessary if you want that chroma look; yet because I preferred the varying built-up applications I achieved with the Dermablend Professional Cr&egrave;me, I missed something with trying this last.  As before I was too quick to judge.  I had applied it very thick and then I went out.  I thought to myself that is was mask-like, yet nice moist cover.
7244	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this product
Dandruff Control: A side benefit to using the Jack Black shampoo & conditioner is that my husband gets itchy dandruff and with the Jack Black shampoo and conditioner he never needs to use dandruff shampoo (which tends to be heavily scented). He used to use a variety of strong anti-dandruff shampoos, but had to stop when I developed sensitivity to chemicals because they all left his hair quite fragrant.
6897	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great! It is best for think hair because it does not add weight. I highly recommend it! My hair as been growing better and faster because of the care this provides to my ends and entire length.
6829	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This lays onto your skin like calamine lotion, it's very visible.
I saw this color on a blog for a Fall nail polish collection and this Morandi green captured my heart. It was very pretty, but definitely, need more than two coats.
Scent: The kit I received was 'unscented' which is the most practical because there are a lot of people with fragrance allergies and sometimes perfumes can be harmful to the skin. The lack of scent makes the kit feel much less luxurious, however. I got jealous reading the other reviews rave about the different scents. But like I say, for the serious shaver or man with ultra sensitive skin, unscented is the way to go. For a luxurious gift, one of the fragranced versions would probably be recommended to add that extra touch of class.
9014	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	after just 3 years the wire came loose in the handle and now blinks on and off. Poor design!!!
4236	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using for years this brand, and this cream, especially for my son in a winter time, keeps his face moisturized and protected. Very good for sensetive skin type, or dry, very happy with this product.
65	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great soft while color I love it.
I found out about this at a high-end salon that I was visiting to get my hair colored.  It works great!  It comes in lots of different flavors - I started with the Vanilla Bean and have loved it so I haven't tried the rest.  It's like brown sugar - really thick and creamy.  You just take a bit on your finger and rub it on your lips in a circular motion.  Then, wipe it off with a tissue.  I have found that there is still some residue so I usually wet my lips to get off the rest and wipe with a towel.  I only use it once a week now, and my lips are fabulous.  My lipstick last forever now.
For me, the smell is not nearly as bad as I thought it would be. So, if this was a deterrent for you, I would suggest trying it. Everyone is different.
So I started looking into the list of ingredients, which I included below.  Some compounds - such as certain fatty alcohols - may be derived from animals or plants.  BOC makes no claim that the Night Cream AHA is vegan, so there is no reason to expect that it is.  Other ingredients like hydrogenated polyisobutene have used animals in testing (and yes, there were deaths).  Still others - sorbitan stearate, glyceryl stearate, and cetyl alcohol - have been considered toxic and environmentally dangerous in Canada.  Then there are the four (FOUR) parabens, i.e. preservatives, recently associated with breast tumors.  Granted, parabens have not been found to _cause_ cancer, and they can exist naturally in some foods (grapes, flaxseed) and even show up in some OTC pain relievers.  But Denmark has seen fit to ban butylparaben from certain child-oriented products.  The fact that BOC chooses to use FOUR parabens is worrisome.
4736	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love it, no more words needed.
The serum does not have any noticeable scent, which is very nice, it is a bit sticky, but leaves my skin feeling very soft and smooth.  I have a bit of adult acne from time to time, sores that stay under the skin and the serum tends to make them not look so harsh.  I have yet to see if they clear up more quickly with the serum, but in the mean-time my skin feels and looks much nicer.
1. Only need to use a small amount, which should make the very small bottle last longer
* None

3108	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using/buying Baxter products for about a year now, and I continue to enjoy it. I've bought and rebought these body washes, and I'm very pleased with them. The fragrance is great, and this is a non-harsh product, great for sensitive skin. Out of the body washes, this is among my favorite.
7331	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These products consider the fact that mens skin is thicker and oilier than womens skin, and the products worked for me as advertized. The daily face wash dries and cleans oily skin and left my skin feeling clean. A little of the cream produced plenty of foam. I then used the alcohol free herbal mint toner that left my skin feeling fresh and made it look healthy and more shinny. It had a nice fragrance. Just as women need to moisturize their skin for health reasons and to make their skin look alive, so too do men, and the oil free moisturizer, which I applied liberally to my face and neck, gave my skin an elasticity and seemed to help combat the aging process of the skin.


8489	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Mario Badescu knows his products!! Love the smell great on the skin. Watched a lot of you tubers review his products.
The gritty texture is due to cornmeal and walnut shell powder as the scrub particles.  That's inoffensive, but there are other ingredients that may not appeal to some consumers.  There's perfume added for fragrance and there are at least two types of paraben.  I like it anyway.  It may be the best scrub I've ever used.  It is somewhat reminiscent of St. Ives apricot scrub, but it's scrubbier.
SIZE
4421	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I actually wasn't a huge fan of this one.  It didn't remove my makeup very well particularly around my eyes... and honestly it irritated my eyes as well. I will stick to my L'Oreal one.

And the bottle looks great as well!
I barely notice any smell which is good for me since I have soaps that have a perfume like smell that I have stopped using.
Excellent, smooth formula. 2 coats on this one = perfection. Long wearing, chip free. Perfect. Another Zoya winner!
3120	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Product has a greasy feel. Does not feel like the brush is clean after use. I do not recommend. I will not be purchasing again.

3302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Makes hair smell awesome if you wash every other day!
5. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL INTENSE POWDERCAMO!! (NO SPF):
I've used a ton of primers, from cheap to pricey. This one falls somewhere towards the lower end of wear for me. I have combination skin (older skin to boot but I use peels) and this primer made my foundation patchy after a few hours. I'm currently wearing Lancme Teinte Idole 24Hr over their Lancme-branded Pro base. The Lancme foundation slid around on the Vincent Longo base. I normally get about 12 hours of uninterrupted wear out of the Lancme otherwise.

1428	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been liking it a lot, since I have been using PCA products, I rarely get break outs any more!
-This combo will work double-time b/c the veil of water acts as an extra reservoir for the cream to pull from and then bind it into the skin.
Then came Dermablend.  I do not know why this product is so different from the others but it is and it works!  Not only does my makeup not look thick and cracked after using it, but it stays on longer, enduring throughout an entire day.  Yes, even when I get a bit sweaty.  Wow!  So this gets an A+ from me and will probably end up being a part of my daily makeup routine.
1331	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works really well to cover areas needed. I love it and use it often. Highly recommended. You should try it.
1790	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Vibrant color!


This is a lovely and creamy intense powder in a nice mirrored compact with a sponge applicator, in separate compartments.  While this color is quite dark for me, one quality, besides the products ability to render a fine cover layer if desired, is that I do not see wrinkles really.  Maybe the thin layer or the creaminess?  And the staying power, especially with the fresh mist of Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray.  Also, I can dab and smooth this powder wherever I want to whatever area of the face or neck.  The darker color, applied gently is making a nice bronzer if applied thin.  I do know that is stretching it though. I haven't tried it over the above LOreal Dermablend Professional Liquid Camo product, since this is a very dark color; however, I suppose this might possibly work; though this does go on thin, and I do not think a cr&egrave;me or foundation is needed to get a good look. Very nice camo cover product!
3830	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love. I'm 39 and still had hormonal breakouts. I haven't since using this at night.
2189	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Read about the negative aspects to ionizing dryers. This is great and does not have that feature. My oldest one is from 2002 and still runs like the day I bought it. I use every other day. What a deal at $100 or under.  The customer service in Florida is awesome and when I damaged the cord, they had it back to me in a week and all I had to pay was the shipping.
2733	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the colors!
2749	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I confess that I am an eye cream junkie. Between age (49 in ten days), sun damage, and allergies I wake up puffy every morning. Historically, I find that eye creams that actually help tend to be irritating.
827	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	JB face moisturizer is expensive, but I finally found a post-shave moisturizer that totally works for my skin type! The moisturizer is absorbed quickly with no gunky feel or later breakouts. I am completely happy with this and will reorder. It meets the recommendations my barber and doctor both suggested in order to moisturize my face and care for the wrinkles! Reference: age is early 60's and I shave daily; sensitive skin and tough beard. JB products are proving to be very good for me.

8386	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an awesome, gentle toner. I have very fair, sensitive aging skin ('m 53) and I have no trouble using this product daily. I also use the other seaweed products by MB, and they are wonderful as well, especially the seaweed night cream.
3977	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good stuff
1. Foaming Shampoo for Newborns:  Come out in a nice puff of foam that is easier to spread on baby's head so I'm not whipping her head back trying to rub the shampoo in.  Leaves hair clean and easy to comb.

Goes on effortlessly with no dripping, clumping, streaking
3946	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am new to this line of skincare and am absolutely hooked!  Every product I've purchased is gentle and seemingly effective--with a great price!  I've begun to switch to this line as my other products run out.  I'm a very happy customer.
7799	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've become pretty skeptical about well-packaged creams like this one. Too often, they don't work well, or they irritate sensitive skin, or they are cheap lotions in good-looking, expensive bottles. Or combinations of all that.

Peony is one of the last ones I ventured on, because I didn't think it would suit my NC42 (warm medium-dark) coloring. I thought it would just be too light and a bit too muddy.
2578	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love using this product. You really can not go wrong with Jack Black!
I cleaned my face and used the toner, then tried this item. I LOVED it instantly. It goes on so smoothly and easily. You only need a tiny bit, even my sample will last a week or two with how little I need to use. It sinks in my skin and leaves me with a nice velvety finish.
3347	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the color!

2549	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice smell, no razor burn after shaving,  I tried this along with the Jack Black Beard Lube Conditioning shave.  I think I am going to change from Proraso to this stuff.
9326	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good product!
1483	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Too many large glitter pieces, just looks clumpy and cant smooth even with many top coats. Who wants lumpy nails?
3925	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very nice body wash.  The smell is very pleasant and not overpowering.  I would say that this could be used by both men and women - the scent is not flowery...it's a bit more like a stronger soap smell.  Kind of like I remember Irish Spring smelling.  I don't use any sort of perfume so this body wash works very well.
This is the first item in this line of Dermablend cosmetics from LOreal that Ive received, and it is my very favorite.  It covers my skin imperfections well.


As I get older ( I'm older) under my eyes I'm getting dark circles ,This covered great.
3941	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Talking about the luck of the Irish...this item was purchased at 10.00 and Now It's 23.00. Bought two sets ..Summer Hill and Nantucket briar..Score!!
7452	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my absolute favorite skin care product of all time AND it was significantly cheaper on Amazon; I had been on an auto ship with dermstore.com and had stopped buying becuase of the price so I was extremely excited to get three on amazon for the price of two at dermstore. I have extremely, extremely sensitive skin. I discovered Pevonia 6 or 7 years ago and used the Roseacea line for a while before switching to this C Complexe. It doesn't have much of an odor and is very light so great for layering. This is a great way to get some C into your skin care regime that isn't harsh. My skin has improved significantly since using this and for a few months when I didn't use it people noticed the difference asking if I was tired or didn't feel great becuase my skin didn't have the same glow. I would suggest to anybody to buy this, can't say enough how much I love this product and will sacrifice buying something else to keep this in my daily regime.

2682	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I use this creme often and I buy it from amazon. It is one of the few products I really love and agrees with my skin. However, the texture and smell of the last jar I bought from this seller is completely different from the normal ones. I can tell almost immediately that the product does not act the same on my skin. I have had one other experience similar and amazon returned it.
7746	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of the best blower, ever is so light not heavy at all!! It cut times in half! Love It!
That said, I tend to have frizzy hair on the top layer. But as a mom who doesnt enjoy spending hours getting ready in the morning, and one who simply cant even spend more than 45 minutes weekdays (if Im lucky), I always struggle with this. I also don't want to use a flat iron every day, because my hair is starting to get fried from it and hair color.
451	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like many people with thyroid/hormonal issues, I have skin discolorations.  I have what I affectionately refer to a Lizard Spot on my neck.  It's about the size of the palm of my hand.  When the spot becomes inflamed, I use make-up to cover it.  This is why I chose to try Dermablend Professional Cover Creme.
598	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this eye shadow.  It goes on smooth and stays on.  This is my favorite daytime color for work.
6469	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My face is way too sensitive - it loves to make my life miserable with its "acne parties". Most  cleansers (esp foaming) dry me out and lead to more acne. This smells so fresh and is fairly gentle (for me). Cleans my oily skin well, mildly chemically exfoliating. Once in a while I'll just leave it on my face for 20 min before rinsing. For the first time in years my skin is clear and glowing - thanks to this product as well as others from MB. I like the toners, rose oil, rose spray. Don't like the MB stuff specifically formulated for acne (not just MB I think all acne products are too aggravating). Would rather use essentials oils for that (lavender oil kicks my cystic hormonal pimples butts!)
9251	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	There are many reasons I love this product.  One, this is easy to use-I put it on for 5 to 10 minutes while I'm getting ready for a shower and by the time I'm ready to get in I can rinse it right off.  Second, it makes your face extremely smooth and soft.  Third, I've used a few different peels before and I like that this is for "sensitive" skin.  It tingles, and maybe has a "slight" sensation, but not BURNING like so many products do.  I usually don't leave it on the full 10 minutes but rather between 5 and 8 minutes.  That seems to be (for me) a perfect time range.  The only "not so perfect" thing about this product is that because it's winter-faces dry out much easier and for a day after I feel my face is exceptionally dry.  This does not hamper me from using the product by any means, it just means you need to follow up with a good moisturizer!  Overall, I loved this!

I focus on my legs, and they were very white when I first applied this and I had to apply it a couple times, over a period of a few days, to get the color I was looking for.  The foamy mousse is easy to apply and the tan looks very natural.  No streaky, ugly color.  Just a nice natural looking tan.
5110	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	bought i for my sister, she loves it, I have bought it several times for her
The moisturizer is designed for most skin types, 20's and up and is effective for hyperpigmentation, dark spots, and uneven skin tone and texture.  You can feel safe with the natural organic ingredients of this product!
If you are thinning, this well make you feel better and look great, really!

And here I am a few months later, back to buy another one!  LAFCO candles are pricey -- but they burn so slowly and cleanly.  For me, burning this while I work at my desk at home adds a little luxury to my day.
I started getting into straight edge shaving a couple of years ago, but because it takes a bit of time and care still fell back on cartridge razors when I was in a hurry or traveling. Then I switched to DE and never went back. My first razor was a Van Der Hagen from Target. It's just fine and if you can get it cheap it's great. It was the perfect compromise between convenience, portability and quality - much better shave than cartridge and much easier/faster than straight edge.
8142	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a lovely cleanser that foams up wonderfully. I rarely get any full on ugly nasty pimples because when there is any signs of them, I whip out this trusty cleanser and it significantly reduces the lifespan of the pimple. My pimple sort of shrivels up and die.
4059	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of the best cleansing solutions on the market. Rejuvenates the skin and leaves a very pleasant after effect. Highly recommended for anyone who is interested in clean facial pores.
6505	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Sticky. I don't like this at all. I got a spray bottle and distilled water like I have done for years. That works fine.
3256	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband loves it.
9930	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Like the smell and like most soaps it does not stick around. Its a larger amount than I expected. Ive been wet shaving for about two years and still find myself experimenting with different soaps. They last a long time so its not like you have a lot of them. This one is very pleasant, very nice shave, lathers easily (I have heard water but on a hardness scale of 1-5 its a 2-1/2) and Im looking forward to keeping it in my rotation. I have a tough beard that grows in many directions and I would definitely recommend this soap.
Cons:
762	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Calvin Klein Eternity for men has been around for years. It's one of my husband's favorite cologne's and mine as well. The Eternity Brand itself is not just made for men, but for women as well, and also comes in a variety of scents.
5459	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is great! Smells yummy and makes your lips smooth. It's the best lip scrub I have found!

4053	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have to admit I was sceptical that this would be sufficient to clean oily skin, makeup and sunscreen. However, my acne-prone skin has even been especially clear since switching to this cleanser from my normal face wash. While the improvement could be coincidental, I'm at least convinced that my skin is getting clean. While I don't use waterproof mascara, this does a fine job of taking care of eye makeup. It even did quick, gentle work cleaning up little children's painted faces after a party.
This cream, like all other BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA products, is supposed to be specifically formulated for men's skin, which tends to be thicker and oilier than women's, according to research, and so perhaps that's why it works better than the average night cream that you find in the drugstores.
4389	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this stuff!  It's gentle on my skin and great at taking off everything from around my eyes.  No mess, no fuss and it doesn't have a harsh smell.  Overall it's amazing!


Other than that, I am pleased with this product. Who knows? Maybe the bright pink will grow on me.
3238	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Such a great brand and the travel size is great!

3453	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty color, translucent and shimmery.  I use it over 2 coats of Essie Mademoiselle for a fresh, clean, almost-French  manicure look.


9271	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love OPI, but not my most favorite color. Thought it was blackish but turned out to be a very dark brown-red. Still it lasted well on my nails.
7341	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Reminds me of the the old deodriant commercial strong enough for a man gentle enough for a woman.  Works really great for dry skin with a nice fresh smell.  I have used Anthonys products and Jack Black Products in the past so I will compare Baxter to them.  The facial mositureizer is the best I have used and a little goes a long way, very easy to apply.  I prefer the Anthony's toner as it comes on a pad already but I do like the scent of the Baxter toner.  Neutral on the face wash seems to do the job.  What is nice about the Baxter is the price it does the same job of far pricer options for a fraction of the cost (my Anthonys toner pads were $22 and soap $22 my jack black $27 for $71 vs $45 for the Baxter 1.2.3.).
Here's my original review for the 13.5fl oz size:
Highly recommended for fair-skinned, lighter-haired people.
*****
3579	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm going to preface this and say to be cautious....make sure you're getting a LEGITIMATE real product, and not a fake. This stuff is AMAZING. One thing I've learned about MB products, is that you have to let go of your preconceived notions of words like "lotion." They're taking the pharmacological terminology here: "a liquid, usually aqueous or sometimes alcoholic preparation containing insoluble material in the form of a suspension or emulsion." MB "lotions" are often very thin liquid. This is no different. Shake it up, and it's the consistency of skim milk. The sulfur is the main active ingredient here, and it works well, but is very drying. I have oily skin, not a huge issue for me, and I use it for spot treatment. I'm suffering an awful hormonal breakout of some deep cysts now, and I put this on last night. I'm not going to tell you they've miraculously disappeared overnight, but they are SIGNIFICANTLY better this morning! One that was smaller was very nearly gone this morning. I dab this stuff on with (clean) fingers. It dries on fast, so I pat it on until I see a thin hazy white patch over where I want it. I do this after all of my other skin care steps....just at the end, and leave it be overnight. It's been a lifesaver, in addition to their drying lotion. It's TOTALLY worth spending a couple of bucks on (even original price, to make SURE you get a genuine product). It lasts a LONG time. I am not even half way through this bottle after a year and a half. Keep in mind, this is one step, one tool, it's not going to create miracles if the rest of your skin care routine is crap.

4889	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product.  It covers red areas better than anything I have used.  I used the loose powder in the same shade for my neck and jawline; but this one is better for red areas around nose and eyes.
7071	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Smells great - very lightweight and good for blonde hair. I use a pencil-size eraser amount and this bottle will last me forever. However, I don't notice any difference between this product and some of  the $10 or $12 hair oils ive tried. Probably will not order again simply due to price.
2146	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Initially when I tried Proraso Green and White I wasn't impressed.  It left a film over my equipment and I felt I could get better results from Van der Hagen Gylerin (which is excellent btw).  After almost a year of wet shaving I have come back to try Proraso since my technique has improved.  Now I hand lather which allows me to "feel" when the lather is ready and I make sure I have peaks.  This takes 1-2 minutes.  This made a HUGE difference in the quality of the shave.  Much more cushion and protection; plus no white film everywhere.

Overall, the soap performs great.  There's plenty of product in there to last more than a couple of months.  It performs as well as TOBS, but 25% less expensive.
Perhaps the only suggestion to make is a redesign of the bottle. It needs a funnel of some sort to get the cleanser out easier. Otherwise, love this product!
6604	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This does not work for me to set makeup at all. It does give me a dewy, shiny look but it does not have the same fixing effect as my MAC or NYX products. It feels more like a rosewater solution that is nice over a powder foundation on dry skin. For already oily skin it may make it too shiny looking unless a matte product is used as makeup.

833	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have extremely dry skin and I started using this when I first got it- I can tell you my face feels great and it is not irritating at all- I love this product
860	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As a lingering side effect from past Accutane use I have chronically dry skin.  Accordingly, everything in my routine is all about hydrating and moisturizing my skin.  I use serums, oils, creams, and masks with this in mind, but during the day in the wintertime I still find that my skin feels occasionally dry and tight.  I LOVE keeping this at my desk at work to spritz on my skin throughout the day when I notice it feeling parched.  It does a good job of instantly making my skin feel soothed without messing up my makeup.  I also quite like bringing it on beach vacations to spray on my face and chest when I feel like cooling off, but don't want to jump into the water.  The only thing I will say about this product is the can is pretty huge, so I tend to keep it in one spot and use it there vs. taking it with me wherever I go as I do my small, travel sized toners and spring water cans.
1630	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Zoya Polish!  I use the base and top coat along with 2 coats of polish. I can usually go 2 weeks without a chip.  And it is easy to remove the polish.  Also knowing it is 5 Free brings peace of mind!
3577	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've used this before and all I can say is that it absolutely stops acne from becoming worse.  An amazing spot treatment!
4409	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This eye make-up removal for sensitive eyes is the gentlest one Ive ever tried, the formula is very lite, it feels like some sort of pure oil, and it does work. I like that its truly scent free, and a little bit goes a long way. An essential addition to this high quality line of cosmetics.
3614	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good size for travel, and a good price! Feels cool on my face, and helps when applying serums and moisturizers.
8813	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My skin feels amazing!  First full day of using this im in love. Im so glad i bought the $$.it will last a long time wished the other kit i bought had those size available id so get it too.i had a spot that was red from a terrible acnee breakkout from an allergic i had and the redness never wanted to give up and heal but i washed my face once last night and today twice in the morning i focused on those areas rubbing in upward motion and i kid you not it dried up and flaked off,its still there but it  deff lighter, i can deff tell it works for brightening the skin. 5 stars all the way

1409	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this toothpaste.  It's something different and lovely.  A great way to mix up my routine, although for me it won't take the place of strong minty products that give you that just-brushed clean for hours.  This is more subtle, but again it's lovely.  Someone commented it tastes kind of chocolate mint and I agree.  While it definitely has a jasmine taste, it's more of a dessert vibe I get from this flavor than a cup of jasmine tea.
This will be a stocking stuffer for sure.
6485	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	In the past, whenever I have purchased candles, they tend to be from Yankee - they are fine, maybe look a little old fashioned, but they have nice scents, but sometimes, the scent is not noticed when the candle burns which pretty much defeats the point of having scents in the first place!
I'd note for other long hair users that this application process is sort of a pain. Combing a product through waist length hair and letting it sit is sort of challenging and messy. However I think the results are worth it. I am sold, excellent outcome for me.
I've always been a huge fan of Calvin Klein Fragrances and this one is top notch would highly recommend to the fella's.
4177	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cream is wonderful used every day it really makes a difference. Spars recommend this cream also. You get a lot from this product for the price.
1363	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product looks natural, stays in place, and works to cover the scalp and thicken my thin, fine, hair. I use it everyday.
6733	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Takes a while to heat up, but otherwise I love it.  It is extra long in length compared to my flat iron and curler wand, but I found an xo(eco) cover bag to fit it perfectly.
8302	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the first time I have used this polish and really like it .would buy again stays on long
The product goes on "white" so you will want to use mascara over it.  I've never worn it alone or longer than a few minutes to see if it stays white.  When I apply my Blinc Mascara over it, I first apply to the white tips of my lashes to ensure I've covered that.  Then I apply to remaining lash area.
6757	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I love this brand of polish.  Have been using their products for years and have never been disappointed - until now!  Not only didn't it chip - HALF MY POLISH CAME RIGHT OFF!  the top half of FOUR nails were bare to the nail in less than THREE DAYS!!
8671	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really nice moisturizer. I find it difficult to find moisturizers that are good with oily skin. More often than not they're thin, and smell of rubbing alcohol, and this product is neither. It's a nice consistency (a light cream, not a thin lotion). It spreads over the skin easily, and it doesn't leave a greasy heavy feeling on my skin. It absorbs quickly too. I think this is a great product at a very reasonable price (a little goes a long way!). It's less expensive than the "high end" moisturizers, but every bit as good.
4547	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product!!!!!
2312	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'd been using a base coat from L'Oreal and didn't like it a whole lot; I felt it made my polish go on streaky and I still got slight staining from some yellow- and green-based colors.  So I switched to this base coat from OPI and I like it a lot better.
9823	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I grew up with my dad using a double-sided safety razor (he had a brush and used real shaving soap). Then when it came time for me to shave the double-blade Schick razors appeared. And spray-can foam. And then 3 blades. And now 5. Ever since I started shaving I thought that we had it made. Also, shaving was always a chore - I never really enjoyed it and only did it because I hate wearing a beard more.
2328	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm not one to use a lot of moisturizer products: that's the bottle in the hotel bathroom that sits there, untouched, throughout my entire stay. That said, I'll try to do my best to provide some helpful information.

The face wash is nice. Using female products sometimes is a hassle since you don't know what things will smell like (like my Simple exfoliate --- smells like really strong hair dye) or how your skin will react to the product. I like how the face wash didn't dry out my skin nor did it have any strange strong smell. Also this bottle will last me a good amount of time!
Update after 2.5 months:

This foundation applies like a dream! It's cool to the touch and feels like air! It's made me re-think how heavy I wear my foundation. Liquid foundation is a thing of the past for me now, I think.
7282	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have never found a foundation no matter what that I was pleased with but I am on my third replacement and have wondered how I lived without it. I don't like make up . This is very natural. Love the concept behind Jane Iredale products as well.


5112	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Even good for face! I love in dry California. I get eczema on my face and this stops the environment from sucking out my moisture.  I drink a lot of water too.  The smell is like cam-fore.  But goes away after 2 minutes
8085	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was trying all types of products to thicken my thinning hair.  Nothing worked.  Minoxidil only helps in slowing down the process but does nothing for covering the thinning spots.  This product really works.  It really does work in covering areas that are thinning, and your friends will not be able to tell the difference.

7459	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I liked it but its not HG. I like that its glycerin based which is different. I don't really like the feel of it on my lips or skin kind of a waxy silicone feel. But it does moisturize well. Overall consensus is that it's way too expensive in America and therefore even though I put I would repurchase, I would only do so for the original price. Oh yes and the smell disappears quickly as stated.
3924	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this body wash, it's great for soaking in a tub after a long stressful day.  My favorite things about the Crabtree and Evelyn body washes are the great scents and they don't dry your skin out.
3777	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this moisturizer on my face and neck. It's not greasy and it keeps me from having breakouts. I like that it doesn't have a strong scent it works well under makeup.
9757	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	First off, when you open the jar, the smell of this moisturizer is succulent - it's lemony and dewy, very appealing to the senses.
1667	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This nail polish is the best! Yes, it is kind of expensive, but it does last and the colors are always fresh and beautiful.
After shampooing, spread a very tiny pea-sized amount in your hands and apply to damp towel-dried hair focusing on the ends working towards the scalp. Avoid actually putting any on your roots or your scalp to avoid weighing your hair down.  If there is not enough product, repeat again in tiny pea-sized increments.  Style as usual.
It's a good powder and I will continue to use it.  But I won't repurchase because it didn't distinguish itself enough from other products, and though the shade range seems large, there's not an exact match.  And although I don't demand much coverage from a setting powder, it should be noted that the coverage level was a bit less than anticipated given the reputation of this brand.
Will very happily continue to use and I love the results!
The moisturizer is creamy, greaseless, and works into the skin in seconds.  Very, very light scent, I can't really smell it, and I get bothered by scent, so don't worry about this one.  Light pink in color, goes on totally clear - no visible signs of sunblock, no shine, no grease.  And it makes your skin so unbelievable soft.  Like the whole texture of your skin is improved.  I really like this product.
3. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL SET + REFRESH LONG-LASTING MAKE-UP SETTING SPRAY (NO SPF):

1436	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Why would anyone spend this kid of money for a hairbrush?  Because it is just that awesome.  And it will last forever.  My son would cry about having his hair brushed until we got this brush. We've used it ever since and I can't imagine ever using a different brush on either of my sons' heads.
9334	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I used this EXACTLY as directed with NO noticeable difference in my hair!  I was advised numerous times by my hair stylist how well this works to give my hair some shine as well as tame the frizzies.  Nadda!  This is a very high-price item to give no noticeable results.  Please save your hard-earned money.  There are plenty of other more reasonably priced products out there that do a good job. I do not recommend this product.
365	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This Dermablend Cover CremeFull Coverage foundation is very thick and hard to work with. At first I thought it was going to be smoother and work better but it was so thick. It started to almost peel off of my skin a little. It also stuck to my problem areas ( t zone ) and caked near the under eye. The color and pigmentation of the foundation was more on the warmer side. They are definitely darker than I thought it would be. I would personally It was on for an hour and was already becoming blotchy.
I've had this on for about a day now and I don't see any chips.  (My nails are fairly short.)  I did have to do a lot of cleaning yesterday evening and normally that would cause chips, but it didn't this time.
4229	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was mortified when they stopped making the Fluide Extreme 50+ because it literally kept my oily, acne prone skin clear and reduced the size of my pores.  I tried this on a whim and really like it so far.  I'm assuming the secret ingredient here is the Meroxyl because it was in Fluide Extreme too.  It doesn't make my skin look AS as perfect but it's still a really nice daily moisturizer that makes my skin look better.  Wish it had more SPF, however.  UPDATE:  WAY too greasy for summer wear, especially under foundation.  I'll save for colder weather.
The next morning I woke up to smooth skin! NO OIL! I was so blown away. I went and purchased the normal size. It's pricy, I never usually spend more than $7 on a product so this is new to me. But I want to take my skincare seriously and will make the investment. Also, I got another free sample of this cream with my full size purchase from Ulta.
7308	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	If you like sandalwood and woodsy scents, this is your fragrance. It is my all-time favorite. Worth its price.

3815	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've heard so much about this brand on my favorite beauty blogs so I had to finally give it a try. I like it very much! This is not an everyday skin cleanser- you're only supposed to use it twice a week. I will say when I use it my skin feels very soft. It doesn't take much to clean your face so this bottle will last me a long time. There's no smell, and I can have sensitive skin and I had no reaction to this. It's a great face cleanser for the price. I'm going to try more from this line.
6934	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this products for years
CON


2937	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is awesome.  Keep in mind this is simply an oily lubricant, it is not a traditional shaving cream or gel.  I've compared this to the standard pharmacy fare, as well as Kiehl's Close Shave cream.  This is by far the best.  It applies easily and is clear on your face/beard.  The blade then just glides so nicely, while giving you a clean, close, comfortable shave.  Great scent too.  For perspective, I shave twice a week, I like to keep some beard stubble going, but I grow facial hair very quickly, and thickly.  Highly recommend this product and is a great part of the Jack Black line of products.
1546	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Very disappointing
6084	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This cleanser is pretty darn awesome - don't let the odd look and the seaweed deter you.
Also, it seems to be a great base for my polish.
It looks nice and works well.  Great quality product.  Great brand.
9603	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my updated review of the lavender soap bar! At first I didn't like it very much and had not bought bar soap for many years using only liquid soap for face, hands and body. I have tried this and a few others that are similar in price (or even more expensive) and it's growing on me now. The reviews of this soap are basically good and I can see now why they are. My skin has not been dry after using this and I did test it by not using any lotion on my body which I normally do every night after a shower. I also used it to hand wash some underwear and it was quite good. The lavender fragrance is not too strong for those who want to have the smell linger afterwards. As I said in my first review this bar is rather large and a bit awkward at first. I found it slipping out of my hands but am using a washcloth now to prevent this from happening. I did want to revise my first negative review for people like myself who do read them before buying something they're not familiar with online! The original version was: This is the first soap bar that I have purchased in many years - I use bath and shower gel and liquid face soap. I thought I would try something different and since this had many good reviews and I like the smell of lavender I bought it. I recently noticed that my skin was looking 'thin' and I attributed this to the many showers using a washcloth on my skin with the liquid soap. My skin is normally dry (bar soap has always been drying to me and I do apply moisturizer after every shower) and this one didn't feel dry right after using it which I did like. The bar is large and should last a long time but it does get slippery when it gets wet and slides off the built in soap bar in the shower and it's somewhat awkward to hold on to. The lavender smell is not so strong and it really doesn't have any scent unless you put your nose on top of the bar before it gets wet. As for the price of this soap I think it's a little too high and possibly because of the name L'Occitane and the fact that it's made in France the way it is described.  I'm not sorry I bought this and will use it eventually, perhaps for some hand washing of delicates. I will say this soap lathers very well!
2528	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	A very nice scent. Goes on easily and absorbs quickly. It's really helped my dry skin this winter.
3306	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This review is for the Wine & Rosewood colors.
The package was only 3/4 full, which is why I didn't give the review 5 stars.
I was very pleasantly surprised by this.  At first site it was a slippery clear liquid, like liquid hand soap.  I think for those who are saying it does not remove makeup, they might be not using enough.  I used an amount the size of a quarter and simply rubbed it onto my face with my hand, then splashed my face with water and it was all gone.
918	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this everyday and it works! I have fine hair so I use about a dime size or little less and work it through damp hair. It is so good I only have to wash my hair every other day. I have tried countless mouses, thickening sprays, etc. This is the one that works every time.
The photograph shows how much it took to do my entire face and neck, remembering that I applied it heavily.


4748	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ok, I'm usually a whatever is cheapest shampoo guy; I wash my hair at least once per day and I just want something that gets it squeaky clean.  If I want a little extra body or hold, I will generally use just a little bit of a very light gel to get the results I want. I've used the Jack Black 4 mornings in a row now and the difference is noticeable.  First of all, it smells great, and works up a nice lather with only about a quarter-sized amount applied to your hair.  The best part, however, is how full, shiny, and easy to manage my hair is after I've shampooed.  It holds really well without any gel or spray and looks great.  I highly recommend this.
Regular use over months will reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.
Excellent eye cream and I love the fact that it's organic!
6263	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My boyfriend uses this pomade. It looks and smells great. It gives a nice shine and has a light hold. I use it once in a while too.
3637	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	And quite simply, she does too. She recommended it, but I really do actually like it for myself. Its not overpowering like "I can't breathe let me out of this elevator RIGHT NOW" and its not too light like "I wonder what that old lady with the flowery perfume was doing in this elevator". Its strong, bold and crisp.
2332	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I am extremely prone to breakouts, which is why I have to use oil free lotions on my face. Not all oil-free lotions prevent my skin from breaking out, though. This is by far the thickest oil-free lotion I've ever put on my face. I liked it and hoped that it would work for me, but after two days, I started breaking out. I had to stop using it. I gave it to my sister who loves it, so it really depends on your skin.
7487	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My frizzy, dry, frizzy hair needs all the help it can get!  Chi has been a go-to product line.  Silk Infusion keeps the frizz away without weighing down my fine hair and giving it a nice shine.  Careful how much you use as a little goes a long way.  I put it on damp freshly washed and conditioned hair and then blow dry and style as usual.  Very, very pleased with the results especially with the hit humid months of Summer on the way.
1357	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this product for several months now and I like it very much. In my "middle age" with the crown of my head thinning significantly, I find that Toppik is the perfect product to fill in the gaps on my gleaming white scalp. It makes my hair look thicker, and is not nearly the hassle of a wig or a hair piece. The downside, is that it can be a little itchy and you can't really scratch it with your fingers without getting the dye under your nails..a pencil works well though. Also, it should be used with hairspray to keep the fibers in place. I don't much like hairspray and have rarely used it, but all the above is still worth it when I'm out on the town and am feeling self conscious about my thinning hair. Recommended for anyone with thinning hair, or small balding areas, men or women.
The AHA's are crucial in this product because without them, your dead skin cells would just accumulate, and the lipid ingredients in this cream would simply bind those dead cells together, causing dullness and clogs. Also it is silicone-free (silicone is notorious for causing clogs), and it has other "good-for-you" nutrients like antioxidants and DMAE. But really--it's the AHA's that do the most.

8471	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have purchased this before and use it every day. I have very dry areas around my eyes and this keeps them nice and moist. Great for people with sensitive eyes like mine. I have glaucoma the cream is odorless. I would suggest this to anyone or older people with dry skin around the eye area.  The price was great. I think I payed 4 bucks more for it at Ulta. I will continue to purchase through Amazon. A bottle lasts a year. All you need is a tiny bit and it makes your eyes feel so good.  Mario Badescu has great products at affordable prices.
5507	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I had my hair cut short and like using a curling brush.  This works really well and it doesn't tangle my hair.  It's much easier than using a brush and blow dryer and I'm getting a better style.
5643	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Color is way lighter then posted.

I love that this has hyaluronic acid from a vegetarian/plant source, and I'm super glad it says so on the label.  Most hyaluronic acid is a byproduct of poultry processing so I'm very happy to see a non-animal source in a product.  And I would argue that the vegetable hyaluronic acid in this product works as well as any other.  I felt an almost immediate (but not unpleasant) tightening of my skin when I used this.  In general, hyaluronic acid hangs on to a lot of moisture -- that's what generates the plumping and wrinkle filling effects.  I used a moisturizer after this, but I probably didn't need to!
2116	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This applies to all Zoya Nail Polishes.
198	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is actually the first OPI nail polish I own, can't complain the quality or the color.
Application method:
7431	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Smells nice but made my skin too oily...  Not sure if it was Pevonia's toner or this cream, or the combination of both, but my skin didn't like the ingredients and reacted adversely.


6178	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Alcohol-free toners are a mixed bag for me.  Some of them are ineffective for my oily summer skin.  But so far, this one has been great (which is good because I have an absolutely huge container of it that will likely last months, even used twice a day).
9359	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I don't notice any difference after using this product. When I applied it as necessary the blemishes remained. I didn't feel or look any different.
4713	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin and this is the only product that my face does not breakout to or get a reddish irritation from after use.  I have been using Bioelement products for over ten years and the products are fantastic and not expensive to use like a lot of products out on the market.  Amazon has very good prices on all the products.

9246	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have sensitive skin and used to believe that physical exfoliants, like natural sugar scrubs, were better for my skin type than peels.  Recently an esthetician told me that I should in fact be doing the opposite because physical exfoliants were irritating my skin and yet not removing enough dead skin for my pricy serums and oils to properly penetrate. Accordingly, I decided to try this instead and have been really, really happy.





Coverage develops as it dries. It is Very Easy to use too much of this product (a very little goes a long way, hence, I find it a good overall value).  While applying, it looks more skinlike than the eventual finish, and that's makes it easy to be a bit too heavy handed, and create a too powdery look.  For this reason, I recommend a sheer use.  It brightens and evens skin.  Coverage can be considered buildable, but too much is a completely different look.
5833	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product since 1995. It is the first thing I put on my face every morning and some days it is the only thing. It never feels greasy and is a great sun protectant.
1664	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a deep reddish-purple color, really lovely, and unusual.  Not sure what else to say, but need these extra words to post. :)
4533	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	So, until I read specifically about Baxter, I didn't realize this Clay Mask was made for men.  Apparently Baxter of California produces and sells a line of products for men.
8763	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Leaves skin feeling lovely - even in harsh winter months
180	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	like it
4866	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Jane Iredale  products and am never disappointed this was perfect. packaged well I will buy  J.I. again.
9676	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ill try to best to make this quick :Goes on easy and thick . This is great for really dry days  especially for those who travel a lot or are in cold climates .I prefer the almond line in Loccitane verse shea however this is great for anyone who has very dry skin or loves Shea . Ive bougnt this for people of all skin colors and ages and everyone loved it . I do not suggest this to anyone with allergies especially to smell because the Shea scent in this is very strong and powder like . Hope this helps
5027	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love this product. I use it under my regular foundation like a primer. It helps my base to go on smooth and look even throughout the day.
3563	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this face wash! So gentle yet keeps my skin clear! Have been using it for a few years and really prefer it over cheaper but more harsh face wash.
I'll repurchase when my other cleansers are depleted. This stuff is awesome.
1325	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	There is only one thing to say  " it really works" Love it and no more bald looking spots !!!
8371	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It is useful as it described.
5460	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great exfoliater and changed my winter lips into the luscious, soft lips that were underneath all that dry skin!
9853	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm obsessed with this stuff. It's very inexpensive and works great! It's the most hydrating cream I've come across for my winter skin! What I like about it is that it is very hydrating but isn't too greasy feeling; it goes on light and your skin can still breathe, so to speak. Has a light, pleasant scent. Wonderful. I also should say that I have very sensitive skin and have tried everything from Erno Laszlo and Chanel (both brands I LOVE), to CeraVe (also good, but this is better!) This is probably more hydrating than $80 Solution 10 de Chanel and $110 pHelityl Night Cream. Really awesome. I only wish it came in a larger jar!
It stinks. It is sooooo hard to apply, nearly impossible. What I mean by this is that I need to press hard to get the color to come off, and on my eyelid, this is near impossible and I end up just irritating my eyes. It is as though it is actually too hard packed into the stick, not smooth enough, I cant explain it other than that. I hate this.
The tube is a very generous size (4oz) especially compared to women's night cream at the same cost. The lid could use a little re-design.
It's a little strange that this 1.2.3 kit doesn't have a fragrance free toner, since the wash and moisturizer are fragrance free, but that's okay I guess.
This is my favorite cleanser at the moment. I do think it is pricey though. I use it two or three times a week to make it last. I noticed there is another page for this item that is significantly cheaper, not sure why. It might be pricey but once you see how well it works, you will be addicted too.


It's quite thick however feels light on your skin and you don't need much to achieve your perfect look. The Added SPF30 protection makes it great for sunny weather.  Overall for all of us brown skin girls, this is the color and cover we've been searching for.  I would definitely give it a try, it's worth the extra $$ for the quality.



9295	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After trying other bronzers from every known cosmetic company, I have finally found THE one. I wanted a bronzer without glimmer, this is it. I wanted a bronzer that would look natural, this is it. I wanted a bronzer that would stay on all day, this is it. I wanted a natural color, this is it. I wanted a small case for traveling, this is it. Done and done, this us a must have for my cosmetic bag.
6147	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is another product I swear by ,this has repaired my dry skin without leaving a greasy  feeling,this soaks right into skin the scent is so mild and fades out after a few minutes .I love that this is made with Olive Oil a reason this is so hydrating .I recommend this to anyone male and female  .Great for daily use.
1012	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I recently tried several Jouer products after seeing a number of beauty vloggers talking about the brand. The color was a very bright, pastel pink, like Barbie pink. For me, (I'm fair with dark hair and eyes) it wasn't the most flattering color.
The color is a nice and more natural look with less orange tint than you see from other brands.
7766	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I hadn't tried this particular cream before, but like the others I use (Skin Strengthening Complex, Physical Cleansing Scrub), it is a fabulous product and leaves my skin feeling like velvet.  I also feel like these products help fight the aging effects of sun and environmental factors.
18	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This hand cream is addicting and the scent is pleasant. It does not offend the senses and a little goes a long way.
9315	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works. It helps remove some food stains. I love tea and coffee and berries and I have older teeth. I notice a difference when I use this. I don't always rinse. I sometimes pour a bit on the toothbrush itself and brush it on. And then pour a bit on top of the toothpaste. Either ways--rinsing, using on brush--has a lightening effect. Be careful or your gums might end up pale/with white spots for a spell. Don't overuse.

6367	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	good product but feel not so well.
4086	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Cleaning your face with oil makes a lot of sense: instead of using detergents and stripping your skin's protective mantle, oil dissolves the makeup and other crud on your face. For the last few years, beauty websites have been promoting the virtues of washing your face with coconut, argan, or olive oil. Micellar cleansers are the next-touted version to emerge, composed of micelles, or tiny oil molecules in a water suspension. ("Micelle" sounds way more impressive than just plain oil & water.) Because your skin isn't being deprived of the beneficial oils along with the unwanted makeup and sunscreen, it will feel not only clean but smooth after a wash. Oil cleansing is ideal for all kinds of skin, including blemished complexions: it may seem intuitively wrong to add oil to oily skin, but magically, it works, and unclogs the pores rather than creating more problems.
Dry skin sufferers will need to layer something more emollient on top of this
 My son decided to try it despite it being malodorous and having an odd consistency. Unfortunately, after two weeks of using it his skin is dry it out and his acne looks no better. He decided to stop using it and pitch in the garbage. I can't blame him.
8757	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It's nice and cool on but doesn't do anything for my combination skin.
5268	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have had oily, problem skin all my adult life.  PCA is the very best facial wash I have ever used!
5993	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	nothing special- don"t notice any improvement or change- but less expensive than most other eye creams and Hyaluronic acid is an excellent skin plumper
That said, I tend to have frizzy hair on the top layer. But as a mom who doesnt enjoy spending hours getting ready in the morning, and one who simply cant even spend more than 45 minutes weekdays (if Im lucky), I always struggle with this. I also don't want to use a flat iron every day, because my hair is starting to get fried from it and hair color.
698	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I find Baxter of California Daily Protein Shampoo to be best when used once or twice a week or when my hair gets really dirty.
4711	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I absolutely LOVE this cleanser. Have been purchasing it for years now. Only issue I have is the damn glass bottle! Why on earth do they think glass is a good idea in the bathroom? And what is up with this stupid pump system?? I end of losing/wasting about 1/8 of every bottle to this nonsense. Please, for the love of God someone get Bio Elements to redesign this stupid bottle!!!

768	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Well I like it. Its got a clean citrus scent that's rather pleasing. Lasts all day and that's what you want in a aftershave cologne. Recommended.
Ingredients: Organic apple juice, organic white grape juice, organic aloe juice, organic lemon juice, vegetable glycerin, polysorbate-20, sclerotium gum, capryl hydroxamic acid, caprylyl glycol, saccharum officinarum (sugar cane), hesperidin methyl chalcone (Vitamin P), steareth-20, dipeptide-2, palmitoyl tetrapeptide-3, xanthan gum, lysolecithin, pullulan, organic evening primrose oil, organic linseed oil, organic borage seed oil, mandarin peel oil, willow bark extract, lemon extract, black tea leaf extract, organic sugar cane extract, algae extract, ubiquinone (CoQ10), dimethylaminoethanol (DMAE), thiotic acid (alpha lipoic acid), vegetable hyaluronic acid, tocopherol (Vitamin E), retinyl palmitate (Vitamin A), magnesium ascorbyl phosphate (Vitamin C), tetrasodium glutamate diacetate, sodium hydroxide, sweet neroli, organic may chang, and cinnamomum camphora pure essential oils.
I've tried a number of Xen-Tan and other brand tanners, and this one takes the least effort to get a smooth application- maybe it's because the mousse isn't as thick as a lotion and dries more quickly, plus the color isn't too many shades darker than my natural color. I love that, like other Xen-Tan tanners, the color just fades away evenly rather than leave blotches. This Xen-Tan mousse is exceptional given how easy it is to apply smoothly, and it's perfect for untanned light skin as it adds a subtle but golden tint that looks even and natural. There are times (summer) I want to look "tan" and use a darker Xen-Tan tanning product, but this mousse is my favorite and perfect for year-round use because it's so easy to apply and gives my skin such an even golden tone that looks quite natural. This is the best tanner ever and gets 5 stars.
670	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Favorite PCA serum, only one I'll get agian
Is it worth it? I'm torn. I really do love the unique colors, but I wouldn't stock up on a ton of Zoya colors. I'll pick a few of my favorites and deal with the coverage.
2707	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Use this product after my Colorado esthetician recommended it for my skin as she uses this line. Read up about the ingredients and like Dermalogica uses top quality. Is a heavy moisturizer and great for dry, aging post menopausal skin types.
1627	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Helps discoloration and gives you a polished look. All while protecting the nails.

7149	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an effective deep cleansing shampoo. With this shampoo I would really recommend that you first wash your hair with a cheaper shampoo then follow with this. I have found that on the first round of shampoo this does not lather well, so you'll end up using more than you need if you want a rich lather. So if you use a cheaper shampoo first to remove the surface dirt on your hair and scalp, and then you use this shampoo, the bottle will last a lot longer and you will get more of the scalp deep cleansing.
9036	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This flat iron is the best. All hair professionals should have this on hand. Quick heat up. Even heat. It's amazing.
I'm no longer concerned should someone take my picture from a a facial picture to one from behind.
7. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL LEG AND BODY MAKE-UP (SPF25):
980	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this for my back. Every other day I ask my husband to do my back and it takes less than a minute. It's easy, I just hand him the little pad and he doesn't have to ask how much etc. Easy. I gave it 5 stars for that. I'll buy again. Every other day means this will last 4 months.
5768	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this is one of the best liners I have tried.
723	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	works well with hair fibers

7990	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was very skeptical about this product, but I bought a smaller bottle on sale at Sally's and it is AMAZING. My thinning hair has been my biggest source of insecurity for the past ten years. It is all I could focus on when I looked at myself in pictures or when getting ready. I was sure everyone was always thinking "she would be pretty if her hair wasn't so THIN". This stuff works! It covers up the visible scalp and you cannot tell it is a topical "fiber" unless you get your eyes centimeters away. I have had so many compliments on how my hair looks and I recently had family pictures taken - I know without this product I would have just been sad about how awful my thinning part looked - now I post pictures with confidence. Only wish I would have tried it sooner!! Now I bought the largest size available from Amazon and it is less than half the price of Sally's. I hope they never stop making it!!

Borage
7959	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing!
8396	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Got this cleanser after a youtube review and have been very pleased. It cleanses gently and thoroughly without drying your skin out.
2848	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It covers black circles great! I wear it once a day in the morning and it lasts for a long time. The package arrived on time.
4789	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Was really thick like old Chapstick.  Probably won't buy anymore since you get like three sticks with the kit. Not moist
6. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL QUICK-FIX BODY (NO SPF):
7876	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great.  They all are.
2041	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect for the summer.  Looks like its very shimmery in the bottle but its actually very subtle when it's on and makes it look brighter in the sun.
You're now good to go! Yes, your hair will feel a little more crunchy than normal,but for me I didn't care. This saved me from a lot of embarrassment and I recommend it to at least try. I don't think it will cover a bald head unless you want to look like you glued hair sprinkles on,
This compares favorably with the Aveeno lotion I have been using recently.
8234	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I didn't think I would HATE a polish, but I do.  It streaked terribly when I was applying it and though the color is gorgeous in the bottle, it is not pretty on.  It looked thick and it chipped quickly.  I have several other butter London polishes and I love them so I am incredibly disappointed in Goss.
8835	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This cuticle cream is amazing however it's a gel more than a cream looks just like Vaseline, anyway my cuticles were in rough shape splitting  and bleeding ,and very dry and painful. The first time I used this I applied  to every finger and covered with spa gloves ,when I woke up the next morning they were all healed up except for one finger that was in really rough shape  but after the second night it was healed .Doesn't surprise me because I have had good results with Mario Badescu products and this is one I will always need especially since my hands are always in water and dry out very fast. I would definitely  recommend this to anyone looking for a fast repair.
9795	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I purchased this to even out brown patches? On my


5551	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the top of the lie in hair fibers.  I have to stay on a budget and use 2nd and 3rd best at times due to price.
3205	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love the Blinc mascara and this primer is a great addition
Sean P. Logue, 2008
3340	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	BY FAR my favorite nail polish remover. Does not strip my cuticles.
76	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Beautiful color for summer BUT is thick and does not cover well.
6012	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Mario Badescu products! I have combination skin and use this on particularly oily days. Very nice, gentle and a little goes a long way.

849	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This lotion has the perfect scent of fresh-cut roses! It is lovely! Imagine surrounding yourself with that heady scent! This lotion goes on smoothly and is easily and quickly absorbed it the skin. It is non-greasy and light. This is a wonderful body lotion!
6940	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a quality product with two cons. It is very moisturizing, lasts a long while and works extremely well BUT it's extremely shiny/sticky (almost like lip gloss for women) and I have noticed some dead skin buildup since I began using--you know the stuff that you need to scrub off in a warm shower. I'd say this is a good product for anyone who likes shiny lips.
8235	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Champers is a lovely bronze with little flecks (minuscule confetti flecks) of glitter, subtle but very pretty the way it dances in the light.  I would say it is flattering to most skin tones and it goes on well/ wears well- unlike the butter London metallic polish I tried that didn't have any glitter.  It was beyond awful- streaked, looked horrid on and chipped quickly.  I also have All Hail the Queen- a metallic with the shimmer and it goes on brilliantly and wears well.  My lesson in butter metallics is to only go for those with shimmer.
1072	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Generously apply after putting your foundation and everything else on, blush, bronzer, eye shadow and it will keep it from smudging all day! I have a bad habit of touching my face throughout the day but this keeps it from smudging off. I noticed a huge difference in how finished I look not just in the morning but also into the evening. It's very easy to apply. Dab a bunch all over your face, wait 2 minutes, then brush off the excess. It's pretty fun actually. It sets your make up so well to make it truly last longer.

It's also annoying to have to shake it up every time you want to use it. It may look "fancy" to have it separate into two different colors, but it's really just goofy.
2.  Length of lashes is increased easily by applying additional coats.
If you haven't tried it, do yourself a favor and buy it today
Sometimes - I admit - I stray from this terrific product and return to "Hard as Nails" - trying to fool myself into ignorant complacency.
2373	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Ever since buying this "Perfume" years ago I have had to have it daily! I'll tell you why.  Since I have been using this fragrance I have had nothing but fantastic comments from both ladies and men!  No matter where I'm at - grocery store - furniture store - working at a golf Country Club etc. both men and women always comment how WONDERFUL I smell and then they have to know what it is that I'm wearing. Men that have asked me have actually written i t down so they could buy it for their wives! And women who ask want to buy it immediately too! I am not exaggerating. The other day I went into a Office furniture store to make a purchase. I was talking with the man who was taking my info. about a chair I was ordering and there was a lady who worked there sitting in the back of the room.  I no sooner walk in the store and the lady says to me: "YOU SMELL SO GOOD!!!  WHAT PERFUME ARE YOU WEARING?" I told her Red Door and she said " I had that perfume before but it smells  so GOOD on YOU! I am going to have to buy it again!!! Every single day that I am out and wear this perfume I get the same type of comments...ALWAYS!!  And the way I look at it - as long as I get so many wonderful comments about it - there is no reason to buy or wear anything else! So this is my perfume of choice! Ladies - you MUST BUY IT! And MEN - if you want to buy a perfume for your ladies in your life - you CAN'T GO WRONG WITH RED DOOR! But it has to be the PERFUME - not the eau de toilette!!  It's the eau de toilette that probably doesn't last as long because it's not as strong as the eau de parfume!  You just can't go wrong with this perfume. Even my mother had to go out and buy it years ago after smelling it on me! I've been wearing it since my 30's and now in my 50's. It's perfect for every age as far as I'm concerned.
204	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love purple polish

http://www.amazon.com/Abba-Moisture-Scentsation-Shampoo-Conditioner/dp/B001DAUKG0/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?s=beauty&ie=UTF8&qid=1361383065&sr=1-1-fkmr0&keywords=abba+mint+scentsation+shampoo


The wash is a gel and becomes foamy once you start massaging it in.  A little goes a long way, so although this is a small bottle I have been using it for a couple of months now.
3868	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I finally have nails!  Thanks in part and largely due to OPI Nail Envy original.
6209	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Keeps your face feeling soft and clean. I've used it for five years along with R2 cream.
I'm definitely interested in Baxter's other products now.

* Lathers up quite nicely--better than most drugstore-brand shaving creams, but not quite as slick/slippery as my husband's favorite
6773	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have cystic, hormonal acne and I heard that Mario Badescu products work well. I purchased this and the Buffering Lotion and the Buffering Lotion works SO much better at reducing my acne than this does. This one is messy, application is weird (you have to apply it with a qtip or something else you can dip into the sediment at the bottom of the bottle) and the ingredients are essentially calamine lotion and alcohol. It also did nothing for my acne. I know this works for many people, so Im guessing it works better for white heads and smaller breakouts, however cystic acne tends to respond better to sulphur- based products (this is definitely true for me) and the Buffering Lotion is sulphur-based.
4433	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an excellent daily cleanser for my sensitive, rash and hive prone skin. I've used it for a while and am thrilled to have more in reserve. It does exactly what I need it to do; cleans my face with no residue, irritation or dryness. Its just the right balance for me of protection and cleaning.
Since I wear cologne or Eau de toilette everyday, I'm particular about the brands that I like.  For years, I've been a Joop man.  Now I'm happy to change it up.  The Varvatos scent is clean and lovely and it goes on easily, stays on.  I put it on several hours ago and I can still smell it. It is not overwhelming.  I asked my wife for thoughts and she said it smelled great.
I would recommend this because I like how the product works and that it has SPF 30 built in.  It would be good for those that like a heavier finish to their foundation.
9888	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Keys to Success:
6816	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good. still trying it out.
7288	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I ordered honey bronze and got this color,called and did not receive good help. I went back to order really watching what I was doing and every time I put in honey bronze  it went back to golden glow, so I went to ebay  you should check that site.

243	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I just bought this color and tried Infinite Shine for the first time. I am blown away! I had to come and leave a review.

2333	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was really surprised at how well the BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA OIL FREE MOISTURIZER performed on my skin. I have combination oily and sometimes dry skin, but mostly oily in the "T-Zone" area, which is the forehead, nose and chin.
Since scent is hard to define or predict, all I can tell you is that this is great for everyday use. Clean, crisp, warm, and inviting my test subjects all agree that this is a lovely scent that can go from office and evening and is fresh without being remotely irritating.
6431	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product also
Stila products offer a natural, but polished look - and the products are terrific for my sensitive skin
From my husband's perspective since it is a shampoo for the Men:


For dry shaving out of the shower You'll need to splash water on from time to time to keep the super slickness going or else the gel gets sticky and you can feel the drag from the razor. For those looking for the closest and most comfortable shave they can get in this price range - you can't find a better shave gel.
1480	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Gorgeous deep purple amethyst color. Looks more berry in the photo here, but I still really love this jewel-toned purple it turned out to be.
8902	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	perfect, ty
2809	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I didn't expect to like this razor this much. It confounds me that it works so well, because it goes against so many of my preconceptions about how razors should be designed. It has no traction plan, yet that proves to be a complete non-issue during the shave. It's longer than I prefer, yet it sits in the hand with perfect balance. It's head is roughly the size of an Aussie-rules football. That notwithstanding, it is maneuverable enough to shave all the angles and corners without undue strain. The angle and aperture of the blade gap makes it whisper, "I'm going to murder you. You'll never leave this bathroom alive," but I find it to be perfectly agreeable and rarely leave a weeper or irritated patch. I don't totally understand it. German engineering, I suppose. Or magic. I'm going with magic. Really good razor. Your mileage may vary. It may, in fact, murder you. If so, I'm dreadfully sorry.
8634	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well, rough but not too rough. Skin feels fresh after using it. I have tried a lot of BJ's products with mixed results, but this is one of my favorite

9564	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As the color of the bottle suggests, this is more of a dusky masculine scent.  No fruity or flowery notes here.  Great for evening.  To be honest, surprisingly different from other CK fragrances I had.  I am a big fan of CK One and this Liquid Gold Euphoria doesn't change that.

2188	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This was a gift for a friend. I own two, my mom has one, my best friend bought one after using mine, even my hairdresser uses one. My oldest is over 10 years old and I use them almost every day. I over stretched the cord by wrapping it and Elchim fixed for the cost of shipping. This is a game changing device. Even if you are switching from a more expensive dryer, you will be impressed.
new life, back youth ;)


2950	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Originally intended for my husband, this has quickly become a new favorite of mine. I am a redhead and the large grains do not affect my sensitive skin (I was expecting huge red blotches afterward).  Instead -I have super soft skin that glows!! I absolutely love this scrub!!! At first, I thought I was smelling almonds but after looking at the ingredients, I see that it is walnut (shell powder) either way, it emits a pleasant aroma. application is simple, "message into face and neck in light circular motion. Rinse well. Use once or twice per week as needed" I used it once, and the next day my skin was softer and had a little glow on it! Thrilled and recommended for all genders!
7948	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this stuff.  I was recently diagnosed with Telogen Effluvium which causes massive hair shedding.  This stuff is a miracle.  I am able to cover up the sparse areas and the wider than usual part flawlessly.  I will definitely be repurchasing.

245	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Love OPI nail polish. This color did not work out for me. I was hoping for a sheer peachy pink.  I have tried applying it several times, with lots of shaking to blend.  Every time I got a streaky look unless I applied enough coats to create an opaque look, which was then a bit too white and bright to flatter my pale skin tone.
5003	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I thought I had the very best eye brown pencil out there but have changed my mind after using the Vincent Longo Everbrow  Micro Pencil.  I really like how it goes on and how it fills in places.  It just glides on so easy and doesn't have that waxy crayon look.  It looks as if you hadn't used a brow pencil because it looks so natural.  It also doesn't smear.  I have on  my right eyebrow a area almost as big as the end of a pencil before it is sharpened and it didn't matter what I used it wouldn't fill in so I was very excited when the Vincent Longo brow pencil filled in to where it looks like the rest of my eyebrow now.  I will be ordering the Vincent Longo brand. I hope it helps those of you who are looking for a really good eye brow pencil.

1943	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great summer color.  New nail polish dries so much better.  Very happy with color. It was a risk online.  I love all things hot pink and this is true to family.  Yipppee
2989	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Awesome leaving conditioner. Lightweight, light small and otherwise the best!


4568	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	It's always preferable when trying a new scent to wait approximately 1/2 hour to see how your body reacts.  While I'm certain that this Juicy Couture Eau de Parfum Spray will be fine on some individuals, I found it to be too cloying and sweet for my taste.  I much prefer my signature Mitsouko by Guerlain or the very difficult to find, Kingdom by Alexander McQueen.
As always, the question is would I pay the $38.00 for this eye cream?  The answer to that is no, but I really don't have the money to pay that much for 0.5 fl. oz. of a beauty product.
8513	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After using another sunblock for a week at the beach that made me break out like crazy, I figured this was worth a try. I LOVE it. I don't usually wear it daily but totally could. Creamy but light and not oily, goes on nice, doesn't break me out, and also I didn't get burned all week when I used this! I am very very happy with this and feel it's worth the price.
It pops and makes your toes fun.
2792	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Although the product is kind of pricey, I think its worth it. I always liked the art of shaving products. When I used shaving cream in a can like it felt like Im putting deodorant on my face. Art of shaving  shaving cream makes my face feel baby butt smooth and I love the different smells it comes in.  I recommend their products...Make sure you get it from Amazon and not from a different seller since it takes alot longer for delivery (mine took 8 days which I feel is too long vs. Amazon 2 day delivery.
9363	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The eye dropper dispenser makes you feel like your applying some kind of magical potion or industrial compound. It's a kind of imprecise application tool.
2804	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Okay, this clipper is for nails on your finger. It does not work on toenails. When you try pressing the clipper, it does not cut the toenail. I am disappointed.
3806	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Skin left feeling very clean, not drying at all.

4143	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE this sunblock! Wouldn't use anything else. Non-greasy, non-smelly and effective. Highly recommend and I love the fact it's non-toxic.
Application wise, it's consistent with the great user experience I've come to expect from Zoya.  It is easy to apply evenly and doesn't go on streaky.  It is worth noting this polish is a little more on the sheer side so it seems to need a full 3 coats to be opaque, but I like the slightly sheer look you get with 2 coats.  Given this is a more neutral, soft polish I think the slightly more sheer look works really well with this.
1256	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product.  Just spray on - I suggest the optional sprayer attachment and use hair spray to keep the toppix in.  Makes a huge difference in making sparse spots look full.  I am very sensitive to many products, and I have no sensitivity to this.- no problems.  Highly recommend this low tech solution
And of course Essie quality, so dries really fast without streaks. Needs at least 2 coats for it to be opaque though!
You get what you pay for with PCA Skin.
9918	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.
One thing to note is that you have to vigorously shake the bottle before using, since it is a bi-phase formula (you can even see a blue layer of liquid on top of a clear layer after the bottle has been standing). This is a great product, and, while not cheap, it does last quite some time as you do not need a lot of the liquid to remove your eye makeup.


6351	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Rose Hips Nourishing Oil is a non greasy liquid that absorbs quickly into the skin. It works great on flaky, dry skin. I really like it after a facial. The product is easily and hygienically dispersed from a drip bottle. I think the price is high for the size but that's often the case with beauty products. The other concern I have is the bottle is clear. That's great for seeing how much you have left. But I have read that vitamin C products need to be in a dark bottle to stay fresh. And this product states it is high in Vitamin C. However, I am not an expert on cosmetic packaging, so the way this is formulated it may be fine.
As some others mentioned, there was some difficulty in opening the bottle. I twisted and twisted the spigot to no avail. I finally unscrewed the cap, grabbed the tube with a dry washcloth and then twisted the spigot which easily opened at this point.
9913	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good product, easy to apply, cream to powder finish.  Medium to full coverage.  Will buy again.
7829	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband gives this shaving cream 5 stars! He typically uses a Gillette brand cream, but he prefers this one now. The razor glides along his face and doesn't "pull" the hairs like usual, giving him a gentle shave. He uses Gillette Fusion 5 blades.
4065	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This feels really good. I love the 3-in-1 One step idea of it. It's so easy.  It has a comfortable feel as it cleans, soothes, and removes make-up. At the same time, if you like to feel really refreshed, try keeping it in the refrigerator. That is invigorating.
6090	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I am a fan of Mario Badescu products.  I have recommended them to clients with skin sensitivities and in most cases they have been very happy with their performance.  Once in a while, however, I come across a product which I am not as fond of.  This, unfortunately, happens to be one of them.
25	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this brand for a year now and my teeth are whiter. It is pricy. I prefer the cinnamon flavor. I have tried colgate and other name brands but they didn't whiten my teeth, even though they promised to do so.
8185	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this product since 1995. It is the first thing I put on my face every morning and some days it is the only thing. It never feels greasy and is a great sun protectant.
EWG Skin Deep Cosmetics Database rates the Juice Beauty  products quite favorably-among the best ratings out there. That site allows you to easily get the safety evaluation of your cosmetic products.

8281	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great neutral color.  I think it would look good on most skin tones. One in the set of Oprah's Favorite Things 2013.
8029	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have a child suffering from Trichotillomania and will say that this stuff has been a life saver.  We are able to avoid the need of a wig thanks to this product.  I'm not saying it is a perfect product because it can be scratched off or easily removed by water so it isn't an option for swimming, but I'm thrilled with it because my child is able to go to school without a wig which is very big deal for us.
9776	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Used this concealer before and will be a repeat customer, it's a great product.
6091	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Doesn't smell as orange as I thought it would, but great cleanser either way.

5. Doesn't dry my skin to make the wrinkles look worse
I cant say how this green concealer would work on a very large or dark scar, but on a smaller with some degree of redness, I recommend it.
I'm glad I didn't give up finding the perfect color because I love the natural look it gives me.
8510	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great face sunscreen for most skin types.  I like the easy-to-dispense mini sprout, so it is very compact for anyone on the go.  The scent is very subtle and not intrusive.  Your face instantly gets moisturized as it gets protection from harmful UV rays and yet it does not feel greasy nor weighs you down. I'm pretty sure that men can use this product as well as sun does not discriminate. If you use a small dab amounts, it should last you for some time.  However, be sure to check under the bottle for the expiration date, as mine had about a 6-month date until expiration.
761	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a sexy woodsy smelling men's cologne spray that smells fantastic on my hubby.  It's a light, gorgeous and very masculine scent,  not an overpowering cologne.  It's not going to smell like you borrowed it from your grandpa.  I really love it.  I mean it's Eternity by Calvin Klein, a timeless classic, you can't go wrong with this.

9521	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've been using this face wash for about three weeks now, and have been very pleased with the results. It's perfect for after a gym session, or a long day at work  it definitely cuts oil and removes grime very well. I often use it in conjunction with an exfoliating device, a Clairsonic, for extra cleansing.
4324	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Baxter Hydrosalve Lip Balm is a great lip product. It provides immediate moisture and absorbs nicely. My lips were soft and smooth. It does not leave a waxy coat or barrier. That was pleasant for me but if you are looking for protection from exposure you might want something with a barrier. I really like this balm. My husband likes it too. He is in the weather constantly and his lips were smooth and soft. The only problem is he only uses it at night because it is a little shiny. His lips are naturally a nice rosy pink and he looks like he is wearing lip gloss if his lips are shiny.
3878	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I paint my nails very often so I'm very disappointed to find that this has formaldehyde in it.  I prefer not to repeatedly use products that contain it given the well-established negative health effects so this will probably end up in the bin...  I've had great luck with Barielle's nail strengthening products which are non-toxic so I think I'll be sticking with those. It's a shame though, I had really high hopes for this!
9307	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I love her products but I hate this applicator!  Its a heavy/thick puff top that have the powder feed through it...  it goes on to heavy and wipes off your other makeup -- can look cakey if you aren't careful.. I wouldnt buy this again.


If it was not for the price, I would definitely buy other colors.

Works well for men and women alike. Has no scent.
3089	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been absolutely thrilled with this "super serum elixer." The name sounds like something from a science fiction movie, but the effects are most definitely not fiction! After only a few applications, I actually did see (in a 10x magnifying mirror) a reduction of the appearance of those little wrinkles around my eyes. I've called them squint lines, but they are wrinkles just the same, and they have been getting deeper. Because of the quick reaction my skin had to this product, I have hope that it will continue to improve the appearance of my skin. It was completely non-irritating and feels like a very light oil. After a bit of time, my skin drank it in. The scent is very light and did not disturb me at all. This serum is so ultra-concentrated that it requires the smallest amount to get a full, light application. I would not hesitate to recommend this to a friend or family member. If you are tempted to treat yourself to a "high end" product for your skin, you would do well to try this one!

4108	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	For the price this kit is more of a 3.5 stars, but since I have to work within whole stars I'll give it the benefit of the 4.
4935	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	AMAZING! I have been looking for the EXACT shade for over 22 yrs and I have found it in golden glow! I am mixed and have a more yellowish undertone and VERY hard to find any kind of makeup with more yellow in it. Usually I get a beige muddy look (almost ruddy) and/or a pinkish undertone. I HATE looking two-toned. This takes the redness out and matches the rest of my body from the neck down and it's amazing in photos! I ordered a sample from Bloft cosmetics for $7 since I wasn't sure what my exact shade was and I wasn't about to shell out that much money for a product that didn't match (just like every other foundation/powder) and I'm sure glad I found a sample which has a decent amount btw. I stiple it on my face with my philosophy multi brush and so far that is The best method and best brush IMO. I never really used it but only for blending into my nose and around my nose area and under my eyes but using it to stiple and then blend and stiple works flawlessy! My face is so smooth and flawless and almost as if I am not wearing makeup. I cannot stress enough how much a miracle this is to me. I am def purchasing the refill, not sure about the compact but who knows, I think I am becoming a Jane Iredale fan! Just in case you are wondering, I am NC30(winter) and NC35 (summer)...as of now, I am the lightest NC30 and this is perfect! My pores don't react to this and I don't break out...this stuff looks much more better than Bareminerals or any other foundation I have ever tried! Even better than MAC mineralized skin finish! Mac looks more made up but this is so natural and you can easily build it up to a more made up look as well. I am def going to try their hydration spray and their BB cream!!!
5906	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
7669	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the way after I use this product my skin feels so very soft and clean.  I recommand this product to everyone.
5661	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Having used this product for over a year, finding the larger size available on Amazon is a huge money saver for me.  Thank You!
I appreciate the fact that I am putting something on my face with ingredients that I can pronounce and know what they are. I've always been iffy on the pharmaceutical skin care products wondering just how much of that is getting into my system and what it's doing there.


This is wonderful.  There is a bit of sheen to it and is not too obvious.  It stays on after eating and drinking.  Highly recommend.
As someone with sensitive skin I like that this delivers effectiveness with as little irritation as possible.  Using it as directed I had some light flushing afterwards, but nothing serious.  And of course the pinkness went down eventually.  But I'm especially excited with the results.  I find that my skin texture looks more even and feels smoother.  I also find this helps lessen my breakouts.  And exfoliating with this regularly seems to make the rest of my skincare routine work better.  I have an involved routine and shell out quite a bit for oils, serums and creams so I love that I'm finally seeing their full benefit.  Previously it seemed I was using the most hydrating facial products possible and still struggling with very apparent fine lines and feelings of tightness, but now my skin looks more dewy and well rested and my fine lines are less apparent.
2674	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I think this is the first time I have used a fragrance product where I thought the name was an excellent description of the scent.  I smell this and it really does remind me of pink cotton candy (maybe with a hint of caramel).

766	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I LOVE the scent of Eternity!  I already love the women's version and the men's smells just as good.  It has a nice clean but slightly musky scent and is never overpowering.  I highly recommend!
2119	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Has a strong flavor, very minty. Is thicker than your normal toothpaste, is a bit chalky. Teeth felt clean after using it but I keep this on hand as an alternative to regular store bought toothpaste. Is it better than some store bought brands? yes, I'm not sure it's better than all though since I have a particular toothpaste I use over this. This is good to have on hand as a back up toothpaste or if you want to try something new you may like this more than the ones you find in the store, depending on your tastes. If you like a thicker type toothpaste you may like this. Comes in a nice tube, is unique looking and tasting and I think it works pretty good. Would make an ice stocking stuffer, it's worth a try if you're looking for a new toothpaste or something different.
The first thing that I did was smell the product to see if it smelled "manly". It doesn't. It smells amazing. It has a sweet almond smell that is addicting. The scent could definitely work for either sex. The scrub is in a form that spreads easily on your face, exfoliates and washes away easily. This makes the whole face washing experience quick and easy.


It's slightly too greasy or oily for my personal preference, and yet, it is making my lips softer and smoother, so I am going to keep wearing it for a week and hopefully I will get used to it. I would love to get rid of my daily lipstick habit, due to the petrolatum in most of them, and I am hoping I will be able to substitute this wonderfully natural product for it.  My lips look good in this, as it is like a clear gloss almost. When I add some lip pencil over this it looks excellent.  I'm quite pleased with this.
7209	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Huge Jane Iredale fan!  Love all her products.

7404	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Item is as described and arrived promptly.
78	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Haven't tried it yet.  Surprised at the "terra cotta" color from the outside of the bottle, I thought it would be more muted.  As soon as I use it, I will report more objectively.
2672	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Favorite scent. I've used this perfume for 6 years and have yet to get sick of it. It's perfectly sweet love it
1. It works or
It's an opalescent white gel that becomes opaque on the scalp immediately. The scent is a little odd but not off putting. Kind of a mix of citrus and plastic. It's a non issue though as it's so faint and vague you have to make it a point to notice it. The product is made of all natural ingredients, cruelty free and alcohol free which I like.
1754	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Another great neutral from Essie! More of a brown tone for that Boho-vibe!

Highly recommend for elegant, romantic evenings.
6759	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well
7154	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my second purchase of this product and won't be my last.  It smells like Christmas and my hair feels smooth but still had body.  Love it.
Also, if you care about these things (and I do), Badescu products are not tested on animals.
4996	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like the precision of this pencil. It actually allows you to make little hair lines that fill in the brow, rather than just a generic color-in effect. The color is perfect. I still prefer Anastasia's, but this is a better price.
6153	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I expected a heavier cream. With most moisture creams that promise extra help and protection, the cream is thick and sometimes greasy.  Mario Badescu's Moisture Magnet is not.  It goes on easily, I did not feel coated with cream and it blended with makeup.  I also mixed it with a self-tanner which helped smooth out the color and gave it a more natural look.
4074	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried 4 micellar cleansers in the last few months and I'm on board, after assuming the were nothing more than overpriced water. They really  do remove makeup and  cleanse in one easy step. This one has a mild almost undetectable fragrance, which is a big plus. It left my skin clean and moist,  no drying . ( I have combination skin). All the micellar cleansers I've used perform similarly, so based on price this would not be my first choice.
1454	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	In the winter I have problems with my skin drying out and my skin really cracking.  I hate the scent of most hand creams and the "greasy feeling".
I decided to give 4 stars, because it is more expensive and I don't see why - the machines don't care whether it's slanted or straight. The configuration gets 5 stars, but the overall value - 4.
5552	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really love this stuff. It stays put with hairspray. I have been using it for a while and will keep on buying it. But I noticed if I have lots of hair products on the scalp, it doesn't "stick" as well. So, be careful not to put too much product close to the scalp.
I have oily/combination skin, my mom has dry skin, and we were both impressed with this moisturizer.  I'm not ready to give up my magic argan oil for nighttime, but as easily as this absorbs, I could see it becoming my new favorite daytime moisturizer.
4206	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great toner for clearer skin
1008	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I prefer a creamy formula that does not have a strong perfume, and this lipstick more than met my expectations. It goes on extremely smooth and has a rich feel, but doesn't creep into fine lines. The color is a lovely pink and stayed true for a decent length of time.. One warning: one persons very creamy/moisturizing formula can too greasy for another. If you dislike the feel of lip glass you may have issues with this lipstick. I'll add that the case is elegant with a substantial weight.

Anyway, my BIG complaint isn't with the cream, or the manufacturer, it's with the doctor! She sold me the cream, but didn't tell me you had to use it in a particular way! I just happened to be on YouTube one day and happened to find a Necktifirm video! They had a method for using the cream, and it was very specific. I was 1/2 way though the cream, and used the remainder the way it was prescribed in the video, but didn't feel I'd really know if I'd have had any better benefit if I'd have used the cream in the specified way the entire time.
I must admit, I didn't see much change in the first week but as time went on and I became much more thorough with my routine I absolutely loved it.  I had pimples around my chin that were big, red and painful.  Now I don't have hardly any coming up at that time of the month and if I do, they disappear very fast
2214	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	These are a handy drink of glycolic acid for the skin and seem to give your face and nice glow after a coulle of weeks of use 2 times a day.
Wonderful, healthy, and safe. I use the EWG's cosmetic database to look up all my cosmetics and the Juice Beauty products come up in the totally safe category. You can find their web site by just googling EWG's cosmetic database, then enter your cosmetic you want to know about.  This face cream has the fruit juices:
5779	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm usually not one for perfumed face cleansers but every time I branch out from la Roche-Posay I find myself coming back soon after. I first came across the brand when my derm talked me into the Anthelios line for my fair skin. The sunscreens were awesome and when I started breaking out a few years later (not due to the sunscreen!) I turned to Effaclar. I go back and forth between this and the Mela-D, both are amazing. They are very very gentle cleansers that do an excellent job of deeply cleaning the skin without stripping it of too much moisture. Everytime I get a bout of acne I come back to Effaclar to get me back on the clear-skin track. The whole effaclar line is amazing but this cleanser is definitely holy grail status for me. It's a bit pricier than I like but it lathers so well that you need little more than a pea sized amount to thoroughly clean your face.


9449	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I got this product as a free sample for my birthday from another skin care site that I order from often. At first, I was mad that they gave me this as my "birthday gift" as I was thinking it was junk that I would never use. In fact, I almost threw it away but months later I tried it on a whim and I am glad I did. I have very long lashes, but they are skimpy and like to do their own thing and it's hard to get them to perk up. This product is amazing and really gives my lashes definition with just a few swipes of mascara. Before using this product, I would use tons of mascara, but this product just allows me to make a pass or two and then I am done. My lashes are SO pretty and almost look fake they look so nice! I have never used a product that made such on difference on my lashes until I tried this one, it is that good. Coming from someone that is severely cheap and buys drug store brands as much as possible, I say this product is worth every penny!!
I use it as a "pre-shave" -- than add the shaving cream...
9117	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Leaves a film on my skin and actually is causing break outs due to clogged pores. This really sucks since I heard such great reviews about this product. It doesn't leave your face feeling all tight and dry, that is true, but not much consolation when you are breaking out and have clogged pores.
My only concern about a three-part system is balancing out the three products so that they last an equal amount of time.  At this point, I fear that I'll run out of herbal mint toner long before I finish with the large face wash pump.  If that happens, of course, I can always reorder, but it makes sense that a three-step process would have components that are equal in size.  A minor complaint, and not really a complaint at all.  Well worth your time.
The broad spectrum SPF 30 properties are, of course, great for protecting your skin.
Fix the container, throw in an applicator and make the price a bit more reasonable, and I would definitely be posting a 5 star review.
608	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful neutral color. Good pigmentation and texture.
8857	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Sticky. I don't like this at all. I got a spray bottle and distilled water like I have done for years. That works fine.
I have tried many times to see what might be different about this primer compared to many others out there.  I have to say after testing this repeatedly, I just don't see any advantage of using this primer.
821	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This has some quality ingredients, but I actually think this drys out my skin; weirdest thing. It takes A LOT of this moisturizer to even get close to moisturized for me. The price is sky-high. I have purchased this multiple times and have tried very hard to like this. It's time to pull the plug. FYI, I bought this direct from Jack Black, not from Amazon.com.
The cool shot really is a cool shot.  Takes a second or two vs fifteen for it to get really cool.
4348	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good


The skin around the eyes is very sensitive and I have often had allergic reactions to many creams but I had none with this one. I have used many eye creams over the years and usually find them effective IF you use them twice a day (morning and bed time). This one is no different from other more and less expensive creams: it works if you use it correctly.
Not recommended for face.
9944	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried everything from premium designer stuff to the value stuff.  When it comes down to it, it's really just shaving soap.  This stuff is no different.  Proraso is a very good shaving product.  It doesn't have the variety of scents that other soaps/creams have, but for the price, it's a good low-frills product.  The soap is just hard enough to load my brush on it, but soft enough to get a really good load without too much effort.  It really whips up a great rich lather that is very slick.  It leaves my skin feeling hydrated and it works great with the Nivea aftershave balm.  The only gripe I have is the scent.  I don't particularly care for the soapy scent.  It's not bad, I just wouldn't wear it as a cologne.  Of course, smell is completely subjective.  Like most all soaps, the scent doesn't linger for more than a few minutes anyway.
7967	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	One of my Favorite products!!
3951	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Relief your red skin!!! It is the third or fourth time I bought this product!
6837	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	0 effect on acnes. The stage of acne does not matter... like i did not applied anything. Origin acne spot remover is 10 times better than this one.

2609	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Bought this product to soothe slight redness and irritation from using acne creams, as it is highly recommended on paulaschoice.com (which I'm coming to find out is quite biased!)

6720	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I normally love this curling iron, this one MUST be defective, it does not clamp shut, so therefore it does not curl properly. waste of money
I highly recommend this lip serum and I will happily purchase it again once my tube runs low.
7486	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Now, mind you, I'm testing this in April-May, not the really horrendously humid summer months here in Florida, so I may have to edit this review in two or three months if this product doesn't hold its own against serious Florida weather.  However, we've had some days already into the 90+ degrees with a lot of humidity, so I've got a pretty good idea of what this CHI Silk Infusion can do.
337	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use a primer before applying and then I use a round buffer foundation brush to apply. I swirl the brush in the Dermablend and then buff it onto my face. I finish applying my make-up and then set with Make Up For Ever HD setting powder and it stays until I wash my face without budging. I haven't tried the Dermablend setting powder but I am sure it is similar. I use NARS tinted moisturizer for more sheer coverage and the Dermablend for my full-on days :) Love it
All-in-all, this is a nice overall set and would make a great gift for those with a new arrival (or one on the way).
2113	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Really like color but does have some glitter in it and I did not know it did... But looks pretty good!
5617	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Been using this product for years to improve thinning hair
Neutralize after use. (I don't only on my back)
In the kit there was a cuticle oil, a clear top coat, a flesh color, and a nail polish remover.
9233	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is amazing! Put it on any blemishes that come up and usually by morning they are well on their way to GONE. Occasionally have to use for 2 to 3 days in a row..but with each application there's a noticable improvement. Love it!

5411	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!
- Doesn't make eyes sting when you get it in them
4027	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a 3-in-1 product: cleanser, makeup remover, and toner. I use prescription products on my face, so only tested this as an eye makeup remover and thought it performed fairly well. However, my 18-yr-old LOVES this stuff.  She uses it to remove her makeup and then leaves it on as a toner. Her skin looks great!
They last a long time too.
927	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I bought this fattener 2 months ago. I have been trying to decide if it really works or am I just hoping it does. Should I buy more, or forget about it. My hair is curly, not long. I have some thinning hair, especially at the crown of my head where it swirls.  On the product it says to use on wet or dry hair.

How often did I apply this?
I apply this cleanser using flat cotton rounds.  That way, I can minimize the fibers on my face and around my eyes.  I don't have to rub -- the dirt comes right off with a swipe.  This is soooo much better than the L'Oreal Micellar Water cleanser I've used in the past.
1297	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I get post-partem hair loss when my babies are 3-4 months old. This time was worse than last time and I had actual bald spots along with thinning right at the FRONT of my hairline! This stuff is great. You couldn't see the bald spots and it seemed to thicken the new baby hairs growing back in. I bought the applicator and it worked great. I am now at 7 months post partem and I don't need to use it as much, but I still have about half the container left. I will save it for my next baby. The only thing I will mention is that these fibers do cling. So, make sure to shake your head a bit, maybe finish getting ready and then wipe off your face and clothes if you have to. Also, I have very dark hair and used the dark brown color, so I can't rate the other colors.
It has no smell for which I am glad and stretched to cover the whole area. If this takes care of my problem, I will gladly pay the price for this serum.
Seems the good people at JB are too busy to address my issue with their product so I found it best to forewarn anyone thinking about trying this product of my experience thus far. I've been acne plagued for more than 2 count them 2 decades. I've tried everything with continued disappointment including anything my dermatologist recommended. I decided to get this on a whim and the first week or so it "seemed" to show improvement.
It also has great longevity.  I can go a week without chips (when used with top coat) on my finger nails and even longer when it's used as a pedicure.
8621	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this wash! It feels gentle as advertised, but my face feels very clean afterwards. What I love most is the fragrance. I'm not sure what is in it that gives the fragrance, but it's awesome. (BTW, not at all flowery or perfumey)
This should last a long time and it is easy to apply.  No greasy after feel.
6632	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love this curling iron, however, it is about my fifth one as the spring on the clamp tends to loosen with use.  When the clamp is not tight smaller amounts of hair are not held effectively and they just fall off of the barrel.  Hot Tools supplies an extra spring to install when this happens, but then the replacement spring loosens.  Consequently, I just purchase another as I've never found another brand of curling iron that works as well for me (when the clamp is tight).
6122	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	There is no eye cream that works for crows feet as well as this one. I have tried $$$$$ brands and I keep coming back to this


What you do is put a small amount (the size of a nickle) on your palm rub your hands together and than apply to your face.  This is very sticky so make sure you wash your hands before you use your razor.  Your beard will have a sticky feel to it and your hair will be standing straight up.  You than apply your normal shaving cream over your face.  You will get the closest shave of your life.
8268	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	After seeing British Racing Green swatched all over the Internet, I finally gave in and bought it. Unfortunately, for me it's been the same story s with a lot of other very dark colours: out of bright light, it just looks like black. I found it really annoying that once I'd put on enough to reach a good opacity, you really couldn't tell it was green. Since then, this expensive product has just sat in my drawers. I can't recommend this colour, but Butter London's Come to Bed Red is a staple for my nails. It's great!
I liked this product and think it is one of the better eyebrow products I've tried. A little goes a long way.

Will see how well this formula wears over next few days but happy to find an alternative self-tanner that doesn't contain parabens and other yucky ingredients.
I would recommend this product if you want a nice feel for you skin but as for price it is too much for such a little quantity.
68	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very light color. I'm pale and it matches my skin tone. It's subtle, but it's great fro everyday wear.
9296	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This bronzer is perfect for that sun kissed look. It goes on matte!
Recently I discovered Lafco candles in a high end boutique - they look extremely elegant: nice clean lines, a simple glass jar and beautiful packaging. But beyond that, the scents were fabulous and this Daffodil in particular was amazing! However, between the look, the scent and the fact that there was no indication of price, I decided this was probably pricey and walked away!

2962	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Talk about scrub! Yes tuff stuff but that's what it is for... prep before shaving and deep clean! I will repurchase
I hated shaving! My skin always got irritated and burned after! Then I tried this stuff after watching hours of videos, I broke down and gave it a whack. Now mind you I'm in a wheel chair so it is harder for me to shave and I get worn out in my chair quickly!!!! After using this I look forward to shaving I can't wait for the stubble at 5pm or 5am to show up cause I'm going to shave... I will spend the extra 10 min to get outta  bed to go through the procedure to shave ! My skin comes out so smooth and irritation free!!!!!! And the girlfriend really noticed a difference! Spend the money, spend the time to learn , spend the time to treat your self to something fun and comforting !!!
8943	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this rose oil for a daily face refresh and I also love to toss it in my wet hair and let my hair dry naturally for beachy waves. Great product.
I am not impressed with the cheap packaging, even Loreal has nicer, sturdier packaging.

Aftershave splash: Irisch Moos
8063	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It really does the job! I am a woman with thinning hair.  I use the medium brown and it stays in until I shampoo my hair.  It doesn't rub off on my pillows and the .87 oz can last a surprisingly long time.  I highly recommend this product, it's so much better than the other things that I tried.  The Joan Rivers product was the worst.  It rubbed off on my pillows and the headrest in my car.

3728	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	It does make your hair and nail grow FAST. But if you are getting this for thinning hair, if you want more volume for your hair, this will not do the magic.

http://www.amazon.com/Abba-Moisture-Scentsation-Shampoo-Conditioner/dp/B001DAUKG0/ref=sr_1_fkmr0_1?s=beauty&ie=UTF8&qid=1361383065&sr=1-1-fkmr0&keywords=abba+mint+scentsation+shampoo

3687	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this conditioner. It made my hair soft and made my beard softer, which my wife appreciated. I liked the smell. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that, to me, it doesn't really stand out from any other conditioners I've used. It's good but not phenomenal.
7043	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	AAA+++
Update: I love this razor. There is absolutely no pulling or tugging. First shave with the personna blades on 3 days of hair felt like no blade and no hair. Amazing. 5 days of with the grain 1 pass. I've experience razor burn with other razors as I do shave everyday and I will say if you do get razor burn this combo will magnify the feeling. Nothing unbearable. And once I was dine shaving it was gone. (1 out of 5 and it was just my chin)

6756	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this curling iron curls my hair perfectly! it heats up fast, gets real hot and creates perfect waves or perfect spirals (depending on if i curl the hair or wrap it with the tool upside down). i totally recommend it!
7470	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product looks and smells pretty scary, but it works wonders on my dry, cracked hands. I definitely recommend it.
2689	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'll never use a pencil again
2780	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband loves this stuff and so do I! I'm allergic to almost every cologne out there or just don't like the smell of it. This one smells so yummy and it's not too overpowering to wear to work. It's just a subtle hint of sandalwood. Love it.
After using it my skin feels so soft. it's also great for travel since I can clean my skin quickly with a cotton pad. After years of searching I've found the cleanser that works for my skin and my life style.
1145	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	have more acne than before, too oil for me

8210	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is really nice top coat! Dries fast and helps nails stay perfect for a couple days. I would recommend putting on a 2nd coat day 2.
4125	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Didnt work at all. Very difficult to push, would not recommend.
9448	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wear the extender and conditioner on my eyelashes all the time with or without makeup. I love the way my eyelashes look and how much thicker they seem since using this. This is one of my favorite purchases from Jane Iredale.
I understand that due to the products moisture qualities that it needs to be stored in an airtight container, but there are lots of airtight containers I open which don't involve a struggle each time.
8291	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	You can't go wrong with butter and this is a nice combo of red/pink.  It's works against almost any skin tone without being too pink or harsh

3162	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	great starter blades but a little expensive.
Unlike may other waters I've used, this pump is great and quite forceful; you do not need to hold your cotton pad right under the pump to get anything.
6383	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love love love the way this smells and use it every single day.  My skin is softer and smooth. I will definitely recommend.
1880	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful brownish-red color, hard-to-find locally. Glides on effortlessly. Perfect all-year long.  Amazon shipments always arrive quickly!
6487	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This product is alright but i don't think my skin like ita very much
I can also see this tube lasting a really long time since you only need a small amount of product to wash your whole face.  The price is high, but I will definitely re-purchase it when I run out since it works so well.


2737	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Truly the best eye shadow ever!  Never creases or cakes up and last all day. I also noticed that my eyes don't water so much when I put Jane Iredale makeup on.  This is a keeper and a must buy!
626	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color and goes on nicely! Love this!
This doesn't get a five star rating because sometimes application can be messy. Don't wear black while you're doing this. I'm also looking for the perfect spray but as far as I know, it doesn't exist.
9954	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I was looking for a relatively inexpensive soap for ever day shaves. I like to save my artisan stock for special occasions and I am not made of money ya know. As a mass produced soap it's actually really nice. It loads well, though I will say it loads better on stiffer brushes than softer ones. The scent is nice and has some staying power. The slickness is about average I would say and it provides decent cushion. Is this the best soap in the world? Nope. Is this soap a decent proformer at a great price point? Absolutely. One of the advantages of this soap over the cream in a tube is that it has a better post shave. Not sure why but it is definitely more moisturizing and has a better finish than the tube creams from Proraso. This is their sensitive skin formula (and I have some sensitive skin.) Let me just say a preshave is a must. I use an oil but you could use theirs as well. A good preshave and prep will make this soap preform better. without a preshave treatment this soap is still to drying for me but it does have some good anti-inflammatory properties.
3086	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like this item.  I am fairly young to be experiencing this issue but it never hurts to be forewarned and forearmed so they say.  It smells pleasant and I use it after every bath.  I do like to tan so it's probably for the best.


9431	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wow. This comes as a pump and it's a great way to preserve your foundation. The foundation is smooth and very light weight. I have oily skin and this still held up. Highly recommend!





Conclusion:
8139	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best.  It was first recommended by my dermatologist, and I use with the Clarisonic.  My skin has been clear ever since.  Well worth the money!  It's the one product I'm loyal to!!
5766	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a beauty product addict. Price doesnt matter to me, Ill try anything, and have tried an insane number of all things potion and lotion. My fave hair serum is $5. My fave face cream is $200. I mention this only because I want to be clear that I am not attracted to only higher end lines.
8084	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've waited a bit to write this review.  I've got a good size bald/thinning spot on the crown of my head.  A couple of months ago I decided to try Toppik after my barber recommended it.  It has taken a while to get the routine down and learn to apply it just right.  I've been very happy but yesterday proved to me what a great product this is.  I never told anyone what I was doing.  People kept asking me if I had just gotten a haircut.  They knew something had changd, but couldn't figure out what it was.
1539	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I own 75 Zoya polishes so obviously I love it. The colors are amazing and I like that they are female centric. The pixie dust polishes are the best!!
800	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent!


white, creamy, easy to apply with a neutral scent - you'll be able to feel the difference!
7123	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	When you're getting old, and you have contact allergies and celiac - you start looking carefully at everything you put in and on your body.  I've used a lot of highly regarded skin care products that made my skin worse because of the ingredients.
9494	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
I followed the instructions applied a small amount to some areas that I have trouble with just to see how it would affect them over others and I'll have to say it does seem to help. It even helps with my persistent bags under my eyes from having to stay up for days at time to meet deadlines. My boss actually thought I was slacking off because I actually looked more rested than I have in years, granted feeling rested is another issue but at least I looked the part.
5614	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Spray applicator only fits on Regular size and Economy size. It will not fit the 1.94 oz. bottle size.
Very mild and did not cause any irritation. Scents are almost non existent.
7904	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really love this stuff. It stays put with hairspray. I have been using it for a while and will keep on buying it. But I noticed if I have lots of hair products on the scalp, it doesn't "stick" as well. So, be careful not to put too much product close to the scalp.
8773	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this night cream! Makes my skin feel so smooth in the mornings. It's not too greasy and doesn't break me out. It doesn't brighten skin or help fade dark spots but my skin feels supple.
1699	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I can't stop using this!
Do let this product completely dry before touching something.  It takes a long time... a really, really long time to dry.  And if you smudge it on something, just reapply extra.  It'll harden and cover up the flaw (usually).
I find it very easy to apply.  One thin coat was all it took.  After that, I put on polish (silver stardust glitter on my toes and larger, garnet-colored glitter on my fingers).  The polish went on smoothly and without streaks.  I notice that I don't have any chips yet (usually I do by this point -- I put the polish on almost 24 hours ago) and I think the base coat must be contributing to the polish's staying power.  (I am also using the OPI RapiDry top coat.)
622	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have tried a lot of different face powders, and this is by far the best I've ever used. I've tried some that have cost twice as much, and this is still better. Better than Chanel, better than de la Mer, better even than custom made powders from fancy and well-known boutiques.


You can achieve a natural look if you build the coverage very slowly and very carefully. Take your time with this and you will be very surprised.
4165	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	PCA products are top notch! This product I wear over their protecting hydrated. It absorbs beautifully. My skin looks great.
5717	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	My husband has been using Toppik for awhile now.  It is an incredible waste of money because this product would work only for people with very small bald spots.  My husband uses it to cover the whole top of his head, which looks like brown fungus growing out of his hair.  And in the sun, it actually turns a pinkish red (he uses dark brown)!  The claim that it can withstand rain or shine is a complete lie.  Even with a bit of wind or humidity, the hair fibers leak down the sides of his face, making it look like tar.  It leaves a mess in the bathroom and on pillows and sheets.  I would not recommend this product just for the sake of sanity  because my husband truly believes that I still don't know that he uses the product!  Toppik has really exacerbated his vanity about losing his hair.  Using Toppik has had a huge pyschological impact on him because he is always ducking his head in front of any strong wind, constantly wearing hats when he is not using the product, and is constantly checking to make sure the fibres are in place.  Instead of just accepting the fact that hair loss is natural and inevitable and that it doesn't even bother me, my husband constantly obsesses over his hair.  Instead of enhancing his look,  Toppik makes his hair look incredibly fake and the fibers fall all over the place.
Overall, I am very happy with this kit.  I have seen nice results.  Lastly, I feel comfortable using Juice Beauty products because they don't test on animals.
441	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have heard of DermaBlend but never thought to try it! It is most definitely worth it!! It goes on so smooth and evenly! It is very light. Not caked on and looking like you have a ton of makeup on. It breathes well! I love it
will have to mix with med. blonde.
9932	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have very sensitive skin.  Over the years I have tried many different things to help.  This is the second order of Proraso Shaving Soap I have made and I do not anticipate changing.  The product lasts a very long time and does not have an overwhelming scent.  This was good for me as I also don't do well with perfumes or lotions that have smells.  This shaving soap has a clean scent but very faint.  The most important thing is that this soap has improved my skin tremendously.  I use this shaving soap and switched to a DE razor.  Although my skin hasn't been perfect it has been a tremendous amount better using this combination than anything else I have tried through the years.  I am very happy with this purchase.
8237	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Accurate color in photo.
I have tried every base coat polish known to man. They are either too watery or too thick or they don't wear well, or they smudge while applying the color polsh. OPI has given us a base that is perfect. It is easy to apply, coats well, dries quickly and is ready for the color coat within a very few minutes. I use one coat of base, two coats of the color polish, and then apply a fast dying top coat. This gives me the most professional looking manicure. It is a tried and true method. Why, then do I say, this 'could' be the best base coat?  The brush applicator has separated from the brush on two separate occasions. It s impossible to attach the brush to the applicator so that it will stay. I am giving the base coat one more chance. The last base coat lasted all of three manicures. I am willing to believe that the is an aberration since no one else has reported this concern. I will report back any issues.

544	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Good match for my NC 40 skin tone

I appreciate the fact that it doesn't have a strong scent. Except for the price (which I think is a little high for a small bottle), I like the feel of it on my skin.
646	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have oily, acne-prone skin and found this product to sort of leave a film on my face. It did nothing to clear my skin, but it might be good for someone who wants a bit of exfoliation and has sensitive skin..
Application: Not as easy as other pencils, which is due, in part, I think, to the consistency (waxy, clumpy) and the size of the tip (too small and chubby and not thin enough to my liking).
7784	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Obagi Clenzidern is a foaming acne wash that leaves your face feeling tingly, refreshed and clean. I did apply a light moisturizer following the use of this product because it left my face feeling a little dry and tight. Some of the ingredients include salicylic acid (2%) and methol. In terms of results, for the few weeks that I have been using this product, I have not noticed any real irritation or peeling. My complexion seems clearer and smoother, more even. How do I know this? Well, I had not seen my mother for about two weeks and when I did see her she said that my face looked some smooth like I had on makeup. I had only washed my face and put on a light moisturizer. So while I may not be able to see all of the benefits, others can.
Others have mentioned that the scent isn't long-lasting or that it's possibly a knock-off.  I can't attest to either issue.  All I know is that it seems amazing.  I would love to spend a night out with a woman wearing this scent.  In fact, I would rank this one up there with my all-time favorite, Amarige de Givenchy.
Make sure you have a heavy duty makeup remover.  I tried the miscellar water and it did not even touch.  Used the IT Cosmetics melting balm and toner and bam, it got off.
3036	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this lotion.  It isn't too heavy and doesn't leave a greasy feel.  I use this in the morning and at night
Officially, from the product description, the scent is that of a "mix of tamarind leaves, herbs and dates, with spice, woods, leather and vanilla."  I can't sense very many of those (does anyone know the scent of tamarind leaves enough to recognize it?).  The official smell index: "Top: West Indian tamarind tea leaves, medjool date fruit, and Mediterranean herbs. Mid: coriander seed templar, clary sage flower, and Indian ajwain. Bottom: eaglewood, black leather, auramber, balsams, and vanilla.  I think I caught some of the vanilla, some of the dates.  Everything else is lost to me in the melange of scent from the bottle. What is an auramber anyhow?
4926	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I don't think this minimized my pores that much unfortunately.

2625	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have three things I look for in a cologne or Eau de toilette: Clean, nice scent, a scent that lasts for a while and (superficial me) a nice looking bottle.  You can see me holding the bottle in the picture I've attached.
843	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	We love this baby shampoo because it washes out easily.  Nothing is worse than a baby shampoo that requires lots and lots of water to rinse out so that the baby loses patience and starts crying in the tub.  This shampoo cleans well but washes with a few rinses of clean water.  In fact, we like this soap so much we use it as an overall body wash as well.  The smell is also pleasant and not too strong.
When applied as I have outlined, I like this foundation and it does wear decently.  When applied as outlined in the directions forget it.  This does have sunscreen in it which can cause problems in photos with flashback, but if you are not having photos done it does a decent job.  Setting with powder can make it look caked on, but with a powder like Guerlain Meteorites, it seems to work a little nicer when lightly dusted.  You can also use this foundation as a concealer with an appropriate brush.
9702	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love L'Occitane Shea Butter hand cream! What a great product! Very rich but absorbs well into my skin! Works wonders for my hands, elbows, or anywhere the skin is super dry!  I will be buying it again along with other products from their company!
9311	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been a shower gel user for more than 15 years, much of the time using AXE Kilo, but a couple of years ago my wife bought me a gift set of Calvin Klein Obsession for Men that included a tube of shower gel. I loved it, but I've used it up and it's ridiculously expensive to replace, so I decided to give Laura Biagiotti Roma Uoma Shower and Bath Gel a try.

9137	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works amazing! Dab a little on at night and in the morning your acne is completely gone or very very small!
2575	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is great. I got it as part of a pack last Christmas, ran out, and had been using some other junk for the last 6 months. I finally broke down and made a full jack Black order of all kinds of products and this was top on the list. It really leave the face clean, smells amazing, and gives you a good wake me up zing. I have decided to use it only on shaving days which is about every other for me. Between this and the Jack Black beard lube shaving is great.

3600	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I love a bunch of stuff from MB, but this is too harsh. And it stopped working after a while  though it really wasn't that effective to start. Recently I had a huge hormonal cystic atrocity on the side of my chin. This product is supposed to be extra helpful for this kind of acne, but it did nothing. Smells very strong of alcohol. Thankfully I found lavender essential oil - it works so well! Love MB in general but would suggest others to maybe look into essentials oils for acne concerns.
3800	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This skincare line dramatically changed my skin for the better! If you have any sort of makeup, dirt, or any gunk on your face, this cleanser is going to wash it all off and make you skin shiny and feel brand new!
2860	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Light and creamy
4815	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this thickening spray.  It adds body and texture without weighing my hair down.  It also adds some heft to individual strands making them look thicker and more voluminous.  I've started layering this spray with a styling spray (Suave) because my hair is really hard to hold and I found that I needed some extra support in order for my finished style to last a couple of days.  The two products work well together and there's no stiffness or crunchiness at all. But you don't have to do this because this spray works well all by itself.  I have a layered long bob (a lob) and I wanted something that would define the layers while adding some heft to my tresses.  This spray gives me incredible body and my hair is light and bouncy and responds really well to styling.  I let my hair air dry overnight and use a curling iron in the a.m. to create beachy waves.  This spray is definitely activated by heat and the volume increases as heat is applied but if you just want texture, you don't have to use heat at all. I really like this spray and its thickening properties and its ability to give my hair loads of swingy body.  It was a good purchase for me.  Amazon has the best price on this product btw.  My local Ulta sells this spray for $16 and I think I paid $10ish on Amazon Prime.  I definitely recommend this spray, especially for fine hair.  If you want more thickness, body and texture, give this product a whirl.
7727	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm seriously getting sold on Demablend! I've been using four products the last month and have been really happy with them. This is no different. I've used "green" cover up makeup before for a few imperfections. I have found that sometimes they are too chalky and do not blend well, and the other one "disappeared" once my liquid makeup was applied. It didn't happen with this! I applied both with fingertips and with a sponge, both worked great! I followed up with Dermablend liquid makeup and loved it. The green covers pimples, red splotches, and red discoloration. This makeup is not thick, and applies easily. The tube is small, but you only need a small amount. I did not experience any rash or irritation. It takes a few applications to get used to applying green makeup before your regular makeup but it works wonders!
5966	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Butter brand polish has added to my collection from this brand. The colours (and monikers) are great. The less toxic ingredients are an added bonus!

8480	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This is a cucumber scented, 4% rubbing alcohol solution. Yes, that means it is 96% water. Save yourself some money and skip this.

7438	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I stumbled on Pevonia a few years ago and just love it. I have extremely sensitive skin and used the pevonia roseacea line for quite a while. I have struggled with finding an enzyme or exfoliating treatment that doesn't leave me just raw with red skin. This is a very gentle enzyme cream mask, it doesn't have much of an odor, and it is so easy to use in the shower (jump in, let the steam work for a minute, put it on, let it sit for a couple minutes, rinse it off). This and the Pevonia C Complexe are the two skin care items I splurge on. I have tried philosophy, Kate Sommerville, Murad, Dermalogica, Burt's Bees - multiple higher end skin care lines and many from the drug store as well and this has worked the best for me and my sensitive skin. I would suggest this product to anybody. A little bit of this goes a long way so it lasts quite a while if using two times per week.
9483	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a very nice candle. It comes in a fancy tumbler with a cute statement about it being a 'flammable' candle. It's soy way and burns for a long time. The wax is a very dark berry color, almost black, so it would be a nice hostess gift for a man or a woman.
First, if you've nicked yourself shaving, do not apply this to freshly-cut skin, because it stings terribly (from the acids in the product)! This does apply beautifully--it smooths on easily and absorbs quickly. I have been applying immediately post-shave and then again once nightly. I can't say that all my shaving-related skin issues have been resolved thanks to this product, but they are reduced noticeably. I hope over time to see even greater benefit.
6727	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great price and good quality item.


7878	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	like
3656	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've had the chance to try several XEN-Tan products and so far this is the only one I would purchase again. The mousse formula goes on easily and dries much faster than many other self tanners. The color develops into a nice, rich tan without any hint of orange. Be sure to wear some sort of protection on your hands when applying. You can order the XEN-Tan mitt or use disposable gloves but you'll definitely need something to keep your hands from absorbing too much stain.
2648	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This  rich scent reminds me of an elegant, formal  winter evening affair; not a everyday scent.  Don't over use it, just spray the air and step through it to catch the scent, so it is not over-powering.  It is not flowery, it actually could be a unisex fragrance.  In my opinion, this is a mature scent for women over 30.
7490	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I previously used a drug store spray on heat protectant for flat ironing, I didn't love the product because it was tedious to spray each section as you ironed. It was difficult to not spray completed sections and if you accidentally did, that section may look greasy.
2469	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Favorite eyecream use daily am & pm.
9642	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When I think of an almond scent, I don't think of this scent at all. This smells a bit like almond oil with a bit of floral, which is to say, bland, soft, inoffensive and mostly unisex. The scent isn't my favorite, but it grows on you and after a while you'll find yourself craving this scent.
4707	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	awesome product for dry or sensitive skin

I noticed in this process of pouring out that the consistency of the butter london is MUCH thicker than OPI and even though the oz in the bottle is less than in the OPI bottle it seemed to take forever to pour out. I actually started to think the OPI seemed cheap by how quickly it poured out... Which I have NEVER thought before!

7397	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good stuff
I hope it is going to be efficient way to review all of the ones product in this line, including compatible products along the way. Respectively:
6490	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing fresh, clean scent -- perfect for the office or bedroom.  The scent is not particularly mysterious or complicated.  It smells like rosemary and mint -- not sweet mint, more clean, fresh mint. I think the rosemary aroma is fairly strong.  So if you like the smell of rosemary, you'll like.  And if you don't like rosemary, I suggest you pass.  The glass jar is exquisite, a beautiful multidimensional green, and the burn is quite slow and clean, so I expect this will last a while.  I wish it came with some sort of lid to keep it covered between burns -- but that's my only complaint.  Expensive, but quite lovely and long-lasting.  The glass jar is gorgeous -- the picture doesn't at all do it justice -- it has beautiful shading and variations in the pattern.  I use the glass jar as a penholder -- it is exquisite.
3543	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best facial cleaner I've found for my mild adult acne. Pleasant smell, good consistency and a little goes a long way. Plus sample products are sent with your order. Great company with great products!
7992	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I use this product since 2 years ago and now I can not live without it.  My hair is too thin and not abundant so when I use it, is like having instant blower
The directions are simple. Apply your usual nighttime moisturizer before applying the drying lotion. Make sure you allow your moisturizer to dry thoroughly before applying the drying lotion. Then, dip a qutip in the bottle of drying lotion, and apply it to problem areas on your face. Make sure to buy extra long qutips because regular qutips barely reach the bottom of the bottle. Once you have used about half of the product, you are going to want an extra long qutip.
9906	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I use this with a face wash and a toner.  It does a good job and doesn't dry my skin out (I'm assuming the aloe helps, but I also don't have sensitive skin, so YMMV).
7015	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I found the smell of the cleanser a little off putting. This is typical of organics so it's no surprise, just a bit hard to take for me. My daughter has used it now for three days and her skin has shown a marked improvement in blemishes and in overall tone. . Neither of us cared for the moisturizer and the amount of peel included in this kit is miniscule.  Still, the cleanser and serum work well together and do offer results. If any of these items are offered separately, those are the two I would recommend.
1111	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I really wanted to like this makeup. I've heard raving reviews about this brand and have seen their expensive products at Ulta but never tried them due to the price. I used this as directed and it's just not for me. I have very pale skin that is oily. I still felt like this left a white, powdery tint to my skin and it didn't set my make up very well.  My make up didn't last any longer than it normally does, definitely not the 16 hours that is claimed. I looked at the ingredients and all that's in it as talc. I'm not sure why a container of talc costs so much money.
That said, just a little bit provides enough control without leaving my hair stiff. Based on its texture and consistency, I was a little afraid that it would leave my hair looking "wet" all day, but that is not the case, at least with the amount that I use.
4196	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	One thing I notice about PCA products is the smell. It is strong and not nice. I don't like this toner. It's really smelly, and it is sticky after it dries up. I only used it a few times. The rest of the products like the serum phaze 24, the sunscreen lotion, the facial wash phaze 1, are all excellent.
9475	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This really lives up to its name. I love it. Doesn't turn my skin white like most acetone removers do.
8879	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this spray! It doesn't irritate my skin or make it break out, and it feels cooling and soothing in a very dry environment.
174	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	love this color
I hope it is going to be efficient way to review all of the ones product in this line, including compatible products along the way. Respectively:
9145	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I must be mutant. Nothing that works for the majority of the consumers never works for me. I used this, along with other Mario Badescu products, and nothing. I saw zero change in my face.

The powder was a little lackluster on my skin. The powder is super very fine and includes a pufff which fluffed up very nicely. I tried applying the powder with the puff but felt like it was immediately absorbing into my skin and I couldn't really tell where the powder had been applied, so I ended up using even more. I preferred using a powder brush to apply this so I could tap off the excess powder before applying and so I could better control where it was being applied. I didn't love this powder as much as I hoped. Rather than having a silky feeling going on to my skin, it was more like matte and oil absorbing. It made my usually dewy skin feel very dry and matte and although I used the powder sparingly, it didn't blend into my make up and I felt like I had a light dusting of white on my skin. It looked a little ghostly, flat and dry. I know most powders by design are somewhat oil-absorbing but I felt like immediately absorbed into my make up as soon as I applied it more than any other traditional powder I've used.
Would I recommend this product?  That depends.  If your skin tends to be oily then you might not appreciate that little bit of "glow", especially if you feel like you're already constantly fighting that "shiny" look.  Budget is another consideration.  At the current price ($24) this is definitely at the higher end of the price range for a powder blush, and is easily twice what you'd pay for a drugstore quality product.  If your beauty budget permits, and you like mineral make-up then go for it - it is a nice product.
7695	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this shave cream.  It comes in a small package and the price may turn you off but don't worry.  First you only need to apply a small dab and if by mystery it will cover your whole face.  The blade just slides right over your face.  I have never cut myself or received razor burn using The Art of Shaving Shave Cream.  I promise you this is hands down better that what you are currently using.
1900	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Beautiful color, speedy delivery, and the merchant was very helpful and responsive. I originally received this item defective, it was very tacky and thick, hard to put on. I emailed him, and he sent a replacement immediately, which I also received quickly. Will definitely do business again! TY!!
1298	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	this product gets a coveted 5-star rating. Those were looking for hair on a bald head should look elsewhere though. You must have some hair in order for this to give the appearance of a thicker head of hair. I have very fine hair and you can see my scalp through my hair. This product does an incredible job of covering that.it is very easy to apply and I strongly recommend you get the sprayer attachment.if you have very thin hair this is definitely the product for you

Yes it is pricy, but I think it's worth it given the ingredient deck.
1736	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Zoya!
2706	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been looking for a shimmer powder for well over a year and could find absolutely nothing until this came along.  I found Jane Iredale's shimmer powder on another website first and ordered there, and then found the gold on Amazon which was what I was really after.  I read one of the reviews about the small size of the powder, but how long it lasts.  I was skeptical, but after using just a bit of this powder, I could see that it's going to last a very long time.  I'm looking into other Iredale products as well to see what other novelties they might have.  Regardless, this is a real winner and will last a very long time.  Beautiful effects.
Caprylohydroxamic Acid, Caprylyl Glycol, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Oleosomes, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (ORGANIC Orange) Fruit Water, Cucumis Sativus (ORGANIC Cucumber) Fruit Extract, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Euterpe Oleracea (ORGANIC Acai) Fruit Oil, Fragrance, Glycerin (ORGANIC), Helianthus Annuus (ORGANIC Sunflower) Seed Extract, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Linum Usitatissimum (ORGANIC Linseed) Seed Oil, Oenothera Biennis (ORGANIC Evening Primrose) Oil, Plankton Extract, Propanediol, Sodium Polyacryloyldimethyl Taurate, Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Trideceth-10, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Water, Xanthan Gum.
Does it clog pores? Does it cause more acne?: I don't know. I can only tell you everyone's skin is different. I have oily skin and large pores all over my face. This product has never made anything worse for me. It has never clogged my pores or caused more acne.
6800	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works pretty well. Didn't get rid of the zit over night but definitely went away completely after about 2-3 after using it once.
751	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Well, I was SURPRISED!  This is an amazingly high-quality blush (the color is Peony) that looks so natural and applies so easily.  It is rich, creamy and doesn't look shiny on my cheekbones like some cream blushes.
8503	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using Mario Badescu products for several years but am nee to this moisturizer. It is quickly absorbed and left my skin feeling soft, hydrated. It didn't leaving my face feeling tacky or oily.
Although I do not believe that this serum has had a permanent age-reversing effect on my skin, as a temporary measure, it works very well. The one thing I don't particularly like about this serum is that my face feels sticky after application, which is slightly unsettling. But this does not interact with my moisturizer, primer or foundation makeup, so it's just a mild inconvenience. Overall, for this price (which is slightly below the upper market products on Sephora), this is a decent addition to one's skin care regimen, though I do not feel that the effects are long-lasting, so you should consider that before you purchase.
5)  Even seems to add a bit of body to my hair.
116	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite!!!

5702	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product looks natural, stays in place, and works to cover the scalp and thicken my thin, fine, hair. I use it everyday.
There is a slight scent but it's not very offensive, which is good as my body really really really dislikes most scents.  I tend to get migraines or just sick to my stomach if there is a chemical scent or even a natural scent that is too strong.  This didn't bug me.



4169	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great moisturizer
4718	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like the fragrance. My John Friedas product does a similar job for less money, however.

First, Thermale 3-in-1 Calming Cleansing Micellar Water Facial Cleanser is FANTASTIC for removing eye shadow, liner and mascara. I use a primer and long wear liner with occasional waterproof mascara. My eye make is put on to last for hours and is really hard to get off with regular cleaner. This product makes even the hard to remove waterproof mascara so easy to remove!!! It takes a little time because my makeup is black, but it cleans it all off quicker and more completely than any other makeup remover I have used. Added bonus, no greasy feeling afterwards like the other eye makeup removers.
3253	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Best chapstick. Expensive though.
6291	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My wife and I love this stuff. Our skin drinks this stuff up like milk. Goes on easy and disappears quickly. Our skin feels silky smooth after shower and using this formula. Smells clean and is not greasy. Love this stuff.
5951	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wore this color with butter LONDON's Stag Do and they went well together. This color has a shimmer/rainbow effect once it is on your nails and is just gorgeous. It is more of a sheer color, but I feel it's very summery. I would highly recommend purchasing this color.
2718	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Light and airy!  It goes on so easy and it is a little shimmery but I like it a lot.  Plus it's all natural.

These little jars are cute too.  They are good quality, small enough for a travel bag or desk, and pleasant to hold and use.  There's a bit of scent with the product, but it's very light, and not bad or unpleasant in any way.  After I put it on, I can't smell it.  It's very subtle even in the jar with my nose stuck down to it, but it's not what I'd call unscented either.  It doesn't smell like perfume,it seems like just the natural smell that emollients. have.
298	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty good color. After two coats it is as pictured.

1197	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great.  Spend 2 - 3 extra minutes in morning getting ready for work and bye bye bald spot.  Love it!!!
I always test products on my hands first, never knowing how my face will react.  My hands have been in and out of water all day yet still feel soft. I don't feel the need to reapply.  The jar is a little small for the price but you really need just a small amount and it lasts so long. Recommended
6541	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent product. You won't be sorry!
The one thing that I had a hard time wrapping my head around was the micellar water. You only get a few ounces of it (3.38), so I really was wondering what good it would be. It turns out, that it's actually pretty handy to keep when you're on the road and can't get to running water to clean quickly. As I understand it, micellar water basically consists of tiny balls (micelles) of oil molecules that are suspended in soft water. These micelles are attracted to dirt and oil in the skin, which helps the water to clean skin effectively. That all sounds nice, and it actually is. A dab or two of the water on a soft cloth does wonders cleaning a child's face, and sure beats the dab of saliva on your finger trying to do the same thing.
For the first time Proraso users you can kindly check my other reviews of this brand on Amazon to get some kind of background facts with the history of this company, I will not talk about any formalities here and will head straight to the shave of this tube. My shave precisely consisted of the below:

2464	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I am a big fan of the PCA line, it has been the only thing to work on my adult acne (mainly the A&c serum, BPO cleanser and nutrient toner). However, I have been using this product for over a month and I do not see any change on the lines under my eyes. I am so used to having fast results with their products that I expected to see some kind of change after the first month. What I can say about this product is that as small as it is I still have A LOT left,PCA products can be expensive but they do last a long time. I will write another review on my third or fourth month.
9239	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is first aid for any pimple! It is an absolute essential to have this magic potion in your home. It is tried and true and WORKS fast...especially for deep pimples.
990	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I've used lots of glycolic pads, even stronger than these,  and yet these are the only ones that burn my skin.  I could tolerate it if they worked.

Also, not tested on animals.  That's cool.
8240	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good
8785	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i use this every other day, and always moisturize on top of it. helped with red bumps i had between my eyebrows ( i think from waxing and it being a sensitive area). it helped with little bumps i had on my neck area as well. i was hoping this would help with my acne scars but not really, it made my skin really smooth and didn't irritate me at all.
3482	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Pretty good color. After two coats it is as pictured.

The color of the microglitter is a bright, leafy green. The glitter is the same color that you can get in the cheap glitter for arts and crafts that you buy at the grocery store. It is not a deep green, has a yellow undertone, and the silver glitter all but disappears and looks like clear spots in the polish. My boyfriend was not impressed.


TheBalm, you have officially hooked me!
9349	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have long hair (almost waist length)that is foil wrapped (highlighted) every 6 weeks and my hair texture is baby fine but lots of it so blow drying without frying it can be a challenge. I've used other "tamer" type products in the past but they seem geared only towards those with naturally curly, coarse type hair or something and weigh my baby locks down. This product gives me shine without weight and the very best thing, especially in winter, is that I'm not left with TONS of static cling in my hair after blow drying. It also seems to protect my hair from the heat of the blow dryer.
6633	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Heats quickly. Good basic curling iron.
2073	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	i absolutely love this color for summer! The pink has a tint of shimmer in it which looks amazing in the sunlight! I received this product a day before the expected delivery date so I am very happy =)


7153	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a shampoo junkie. Philip B's Peppermint & Avocado Shampoo is a tried and true favorite. You won't find me without it. I even have a tiny travel bottle. I wish I could rate this 6 stars!
that said, this cream is definitely not greasy, and applies easily... it is a definite indulgence at its price range, but quality definitely beats quantity and you get a quality product here - allergy free as well
5935	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color is really beautiful and the pearlescence catches the light very well.  I like every Butter London polish I've tried, but this one is my favorite.
987	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	As everyone who cares about their appearance knows, skin care products come at us at record speed all making big promises. Glycolix Elite Treatment Pads not only deliver dramatic results it is the best skin care product I have ever used. First of all it cost pennies a day to use this product. You only need one pad to totally cover your face, neck and hands. So, one jar lasts 2 months--in which time your skin looks years younger. The main ingredient is doctor strength 20% Glycolic Acid which has been medically proven to exfoliate skin, reducing fine lines, blemishes and never tone. You see results in just a day or so. I use it at night rubbing really hard to get all the dirt, oil and dead skin off. You can see the pad turn brown after. Then, I use a good moisturizer like Vitamin C serum and go to bed. In the morning skin looks incredible and with daily use it just looks better and better day by day week by week. One note of caution: If you have sensitive skin and have been reactionary to any similar products in the past I suggest you start out with 10% Otherwise, use this every other day or every third day till your skin gets used to it.
1455	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Jack Black Industrial Strength Hand Healer works to heal the skin with Vitamin A and E. Rice Bran Oil moisturizes without being overly oily.
1247	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used to think buying a wig was my only alternative as a female with alopecia. I started with one little thin spot 20 years ago. Now the entire top of my head is extremely sparse or bald. Nothing worked for me before this. My only problem was that the dark brown was too dark, and the med brown too light. I found out you could pry/twist off the top of the regular size container or larger, and then you could mix colors to get the exact right match.
9720	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been around perfumes, etc. a lot in my life, but this has a truly expensive essence.  It is powerful enough so that you can apply it very sparingly and it lasts a long time.  I can imagine it could be over-applied, but that would be sad.  Just a tiny dab here and there and you're going to be noticed close up, but not from a distance.  My nose is not refined enough to describe the scent but I will always recognize it from here on.
8012	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am African American and have been a fan for quite a while. I use black for my thin edges. I recommended it to a church member who has some thinning issues. She reported that she loves it as well. I also use the spray applicator and holding spray which works well. However, I can just shake the powder on and go without the accessories and it stays all day. Non one can tell a thing.
3560	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After using many topical medicated treatments such as anti-biotics and even oral tablets (accutance), I found using Mario Badescu products much more useful as I am not at any risk of having any side effects such as those of accutane. However, my ultimate favorite would still remain the buffering lotion.
7329	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Ever since Proactiv, every facewash comes in a 1-2-3 kit these days. The three products--usually wash, toner and moisturizer--are supposed to combine to fight off acne and make your skin glow. In this case, I would say the Baxter 1.2.3 kit is more of a Bundle of various skin products which have been around forever, but do work.


The broad spectrum SPF 30 properties are, of course, great for protecting your skin.
2101	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This color took nearly three weeks to be delivered. The color is hot orange and neon but it dries in matte finish not gloss. I wish it was glossy because the matte finish always looks cheap. It's hard to find a neon nail polish that looks glossy and high-def.
I've been using this foundation without the setting powder and so far it's working well for me. I've just been applying a pressed powder to the top of it to set it. However I might order the setting powder that's designed to be used with this foundation to see how they work together.
U have been using a bit of bright cream blush oddly enough, though you may find it unnecessary; you can still have a dimensional look.
6195	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	This would be my first feedback on Amazon. This junk does not work. It smells horrific, used it enough to see results happen. They never did. My skin got worse . Would never purchase again. Wasted my money.
I will add that having a quality brush makes application a dream. I don't use fingers to apply on cheeks. I find my MAC skunk brush (and the mini skunk brush) both apply beautifully, especially POPPY which can be garish if the application is not skillful.
8917	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	In love!! This is a complete worth, it makes me feel fresh and gives me a very nice glow
9057	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is my go to! I use the all the time and it is great! I have a fancy blow dryer and straightener, and this is just great for a curling iron. I have think hair and use about 330 degrees. I tripped over the cord once when it was in a storage holder and about broke my neck and it bent the connector from the handle to the barrel. I bent it back and went about my life and never had an issue!
Sunflower Seed Extract
Please note that this is designed to work with the water base primer by VL.
I really, really wanted the Nectifirm to work! I'm an otherwise young looking woman, and was horrified when my neck seemed to lose the elasticity it had previously had after I lost some weight. I have a small area between my chin and neck that I've tried everything on, but I suppose when the priorities in life are taken care of, if I still have that small problem area I can have some type of skin treatment.
I tried using the dried up contents of the compact it with a damp sponge, it let me apply the make-up but it felt tight on my skin just the way pancake makeup of years gone by felt.

When I first used it I thought it was silicone based, but it's silicone free, fragrance free and oil free. This alone is a plus for my combination skin. It goes on smoothly, as expected. The primer helps with uneven skin tone and wrinkles. This particular brand worked even better then others I've tried. Maybe the fact that it's non-comodogenic (something I need with breakouts) and the fact that it helps your skin "breathe" had something to do with it. All I know is that my skin glowed. I don't know if I would actually buy it for $44, but I might use it sparingly for special occasions when I want to look my best.
5033	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have had the occasion to use several Vincent Longo products and I realize that this line of products provides a high quality product for a pretty hefty price.  In most situations I have found you get a really good product for your investment.  However, in this case, I am just not sure about this one.
Although Obession has all of the qualities I usually like in a fragrance--I definitely prefer musky, spicy scents to more floral ones--for some reason, Obsession is not one of my favorites; although I do enjoy wearing it on occasion, I actually prefer stealing some of my husband's Obession for Men to wear for myself!  Overall, however, Obsession for women is a classic fragrance that I would definitely recommend.
6182	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like to keep my beautify routine simple just because I don't stick with complicated.  I was concerned that this product would dry out my skin but it is refreshing and feels great.  I used this line of products before the toner and I can say that it does make a difference.  I even like it in the cold midwest winters.
9536	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this product, though it's certainly not a cure-all solution. Since starting to use it a few weeks ago, I've noticed my skin is less oily and feels smoother, with less breakouts. Though it's less oily, the face wash is definitely not drying. However, I'm still breaking out from time to time; just a little bit less than usual. I love the way my face feels after washing it with Juice; but beware if you accidentally get any in your mouth. The taste is less than awesome (not that any face wash tastes good... this one just tastes really chemically).
9659	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Sheer, pretty color, stays fairly well (better than most glosses, but not as well as an all day "long wear").  Very nice, cool feel on lip.  Will reorder in several colors.
I use this every day and it makes a huge difference, plus it bulks up the roots of your hair.
8866	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Obsessed with this stuff. Been through so many bottles. I use it for my face, my hair, as a toner, as a primer, as a makeup setter, as a de-frizzer. I bring the little bottle on the plane on long flights cus the cabin air is so dry and it saves my life. Smell is so calming as well.
8363	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I don't know how it would work as a makeup removes, but on makeup-free skin it works LIKE A CHARM. I previously used MB's Acne Cleanser since I have an oily t-zone and hormonal acne on my chin but this is just... better, more balanced, less stripping. Mario's top product.
Polish to touch immediately. Love this. Great price

7812	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great exfoliater and changed my winter lips into the luscious, soft lips that were underneath all that dry skin!
What I find amusing is that I had bottles of Calypso Amber and Calypso Rose and had  been creating something similar for myself by mixing those two before I found Tocade.
It is important to me to use high quality products because I believe that in the end good quality products will pay for themselves!  When I use quality products in the MB line, I am always happy with how my skin feels and this particular product is one of my favorites!  I usually buy mine directly from the Mario website since they run promotions where they send goodie bags of free samples.
8251	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color! Very soft and gentle
653	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Disclaimer: I've only used it once.

7807	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is excellent after-shave balm.  It is gentle & has a very light fragrance (barely there, citrus/lemon/lime).  It absorbs easily and soothes the skin.  A little bit goes a long way.
8588	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I bought this product because it is listed as a lotion for rosacea, and dry, sensitive skin. It is not a lotion. It is a non aerosole spray of very watery, milky liquid.
5368	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm quite pleased with this product for my mild rosacea. I apply it to my nose and other reddish areas. It rubs in easily and has just a very slightly greenish hue. Then I put on tinted moisturizer over my whole face, and my skin looks great. It really tames the redness and lasts all day. I like it because it's not too thick or greasy as well.
Perfect finish. The shiny chrome is just perfect for me, it's gorgeous and functional. Grip is fine, after a couple of uses I haven't had any issues whatsoever.

2455	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This truly is an amazing product for the price!  It makes your scalp feel amazing and you honestly do feel and see a difference in your hairline.
6702	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing!! With just one pass and it works great!!!
463	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I chose this to cover some imperfections/blemishes/rosacea and it works as described.  I use a bit of this first and then my regular foundation for the rest (or just this alone).  The coverage is clean, it goes on smoothly with a bit of warmth on my fingers, and stays on fairly well most of the day.
2309	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have been using this for years but it seems to be chipping more recently - perhaps the formula has changed a bit?
2794	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great price. Arrived on time. Love this stuff
7720	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I'm quite pleased with this product for my mild rosacea. I apply it to my nose and other reddish areas. It rubs in easily and has just a very slightly greenish hue. Then I put on tinted moisturizer over my whole face, and my skin looks great. It really tames the redness and lasts all day. I like it because it's not too thick or greasy as well.
7731	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is awesome!  I love it on my whole face but works wonders around my eyes. My skin feels plump and firm. Love it!!
4733	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Most thickening shampoos mean a dry scalp, and what's hotter than a guy who's constantly scratching his scalp? Mmmm.  hot!
8017	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am a black woman with thin edges. I use this product on my edges when I want to pull my hair back it really camouflages my thin edges. I also ordered the pump to help evenly disperse the building fibers.
1738	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great color!
This product is formulated with ginkgo extract, ceramides and panax ginseng for a generally beneficial skin tonic.
Live and learn!
This is a lovely and creamy intense powder in a nice mirrored compact with a sponge applicator, in other compartments.  While this color is quite dark for me, one quality, besides the products ability to render a thin cover layer, is that I do not see wrinkles really.  Maybe the thin layer or the creaminess?  And the staying power, especially with the fresh mist of Loreal Dermablend Professional Set + Refresh Long-Lasting Make-Up Setting Spray.  Also, I can dab and smooth this powder wherever I want to whatever area of the face or neck.  The darker color, applied gently is making a nice bronzer.  I do know that is stretching it. I haven't tried it over the above LOreal Dermablend Professional liquid Camo product, since this is a very dark color; however, I am sure this might possibly work; though this does go on thin, and I do not think a cr&egrave;me or foundation is needed to get a good look. Very nice camo cover product!
2419	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	For me this is part of my regular shave routine:

4878	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	the buffering liquid was a bit hard to use, but I like the drying lotion and finish off with the drying cream. zits dramatically reduced in 2 days.
2370	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this scent,refreshing clean .
Recommended. prisrob 04-18-15
9830	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This just have that clean pleasant scent that's not overpowering. I've been using this since 2013.



803	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Phenomenal!



7150	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Soooooo clean without stripping ! The warning about not getting it in your eyes is a pertinent one. I use this 3 times a week. I've been looking for a clarifying shampoo since Fekkai DC'd theirs and found a far better one
8810	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Mario Badescu products for years, but just tried this Herbal Hydrating Serum.  Other reviewers have mentioned that this serum is thicker than most serums.  Though the Herbal Hydrating Serum feels thick it doesn't feel greasy or oily.  It let my skin feeling a little tacky, but not uncomfortable.  I've been using this serum in NYC in August when it is hot and humid, I expect that this will work really well while traveling and in colder, drier weather.
4188	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great toner!!

Zero% ZO mix with bunch of additives is hardly anything except chemicals. 97% organic with 18% ZO, the best protection which costs few times less than Coola with no chemicals. Their mix is hardly organic and one needs to ask, do you really need to put fragrance on you skin when looking for protection from the sun as well as all other chemicals Propanediol, Sodium Polyacryloyldimethyl Taurate, Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Trideceth-10, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Water, Xanthan Gum. The main ingredients are Avobenzone and Octinoxate, you can purchase that in mixes for tenth of the cost as Coola.
4581	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great
1890	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	LOVE!!!! Pink with microglitter. Bought 2 bottles!

1464	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the best nail polish on the market! It lasts for about a week and is also loaded with healthy non toxic ingredients! I ordered the color Snow White and it looks stunning!
2311	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This base polish works very well with any polish.  It helps protect the nails and keeps the polish from chipping longer.  This has a very light pink tint and does not take away from the polish color at all.
A great product!
8989	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'll caveat this review by saying I'm not a hair stylist and no nothing as in zip, zilch, nada about the tools used in that profession. However better half has been a stylist for twenty years and serves as Creative Director for one of the top ten Day Spas in the United States - he knows his scissors and then some.
My first attempt with it doesnt count, since I spread it very thin, allowing a bit of dermatitis I had at the time to show some dry skin through.  And I went out that night wondering why this was happening.  I hadnt read the instructions yet.  First of all, I thought I needed to get rid of the rash that was there before reapplying and reviewing this product, and second, I thought I needed to exfoliate since I have dry patches on spots.  Now I get it!  This particular cr&egrave;me has to be built up gradually for me. And building it up judiciously is not problematic at all.  This product is soft and smooth.  It appeared to be a very thin product at first, and it kind of softens and blends as you work with it.  It is lovely.
4459	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This smoothes on quickly and breaks up anything in your skin that shouldn't be there, it wipes off easily with a warm washcloth and leaves your skin feeling squeaky clean without the squeak; my 40 year old skin was left smooth and fresh feeling without a hint of dryness. I used to have combo skin of oily in t-zone and normal on cheeks, now I have a normal t-zone and dry cheeks. I was amazed at well it works, how gentle it is and how conditioned and soft it leaves my skin feeling.
2445	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	BEST hair dryer I have ever owned. Dries my thick, long hair in minutes and leaves it smooth and silky.
330	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I pay about $16 or $17 dollars for this stuff in the stores. So, the online price is fantastic. This is a staple product for me. It works. It does what it says. After I've finished the bottle, I can go about a month or two without it. Typically, I might apply the second bottle only once per week or so, giving my nails little breaks in between before repeating the process. OPI makes a follow up treatment for this product, used for maintenance, but I haven't tried it yet since it's harder to find in my area. I know the price seems a little expensive to some, but, for me, it's worth every penny.
7659	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Nia 24 products for over 5 years. These are the only skin care products I will purchase going forward. I receive compliments on the evenness of my skin tone and this is incredible as I have much sun damage from when I was a young woman who spent much time at the beach and outdoors without adequate skin coverage or knowledge of its importance. The products have also helped with skin dryness, peeling, and helped my skin rejuvenate and retain a youthful appearance. Love these products.
1261	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I only buy this through Amazon.com!  Great price!

I can't speak on how well this product works as an eye makeup remover, because I don't wear eye makeup at all due to very bad allergies, and rubbing my eyes.  Years ago a friend decided to make me up, including eye makeup,and I developed a stye on my eye.  I have to say I looked better with makeup on than without it.  I do wear lipstick or lip gloss daily.  That's it!
The bottle is huge and love the convenience of a pump dispenser
It has a smell that is clean, bright, and yet slightly warm, as well. I love it! Unfortunately the scent doesn't linger after you rinse off and it isn't overpowering at all.
1016	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is a nice lipstick, but the color doesn't look at all nice with my skin shade.  My skin has been described as caramel with yellow undertones.  I tried the Whitney shade and found it looked very unattractive with my skin tone.
5893	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Wears off and chips easily - lasts about 2 days.
8220	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Nice polish, high quality.  Be advised that the color is very "quiet" and unassuming, a perfect neutral.  The gold flecks add gloss, but you can't see them on their own.
I make my own sunscreen as well as I purchase sunscreen for times when I do not have time to make any since I need to surf. For that reason, when I purchase a sunscreen mix, I need the same formula as I use when I make my own organic sunscreen mix since it only requires few ingredients but for more protection like my nose, I bump the zinc. Zinc is what you see surfers put on their nose for protection. The more zinc, the more protection but it means a mix that is more like a mud since zinc is a powder that I purchase and add to EVCO. Sunscreens are worse than processed foods (which I never consume) since there is no nutritional guide for sunscreens. For a small investment, sunscreens may offer me the possibility of avoiding sun burn, pain, cancer, medical bills, pain killers, etc. that come with exposure to the sun. For that reason, choosing a formula with the least amount of ingredients but high zinc oxide is the best solution. A good sunscreen formula should not have more than a handful ingredients, certified organic at least 95% and FREE OF; fragrances, biologically harmful chemicals like Avobenzone, Oxybenzone, or UV Chemical absorbers, paraben, phthalates, PABA and 1,4 dioxane.
6606	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Hot Tools Curling Irons. They are highly rated in the professional industry and great for styling everyday at home. They heat up quickly and have temperature control for various hair textures. I never have a problem with this brand and continues to deliver great products. This size is great for nice waves.
Cons
2913	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This was way expensive and doesn't really do anything for me in any way. My skin seems to break out when using it more than when I use something else and the scent is a bit too strong as well. Basically, it's only a mediocre cleanser with no benefit to the skin.
5309	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Excellent
I've had not breakouts with this product as I have experienced with other moisturizers and this really works to soften dry skin. I had a cold where around my nose, my skin got chapped and dry but this cream cleared up the dryness in no time. This is a really wonderful moisturizing cream that I can't say has had any drawbacks for me, only benefits so far.
7638	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My favorite sunscreen! Goes on very light and even.  I use this for biking and jogging outside.  Not sure how it would be in the water. This is my second order.
6145	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells really good and goes on smooth. I use this in the morning under sunscreen and my face doesn't get flaky or dry. Really good for calming my skin down.
Oh, and it's a bit chinsy for this to come without an application sponge and make users order that separately.
2683	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I really like this moisturizer for combination skin.  It keeps the dry parts of my skin moisturized without making the oily portions of my skin oilier.  I like that it comes with a scoop so you don't put your hands in the jar.  The jar is also very sturdy.
Pro-niacin: improves skin tone, texture & hyperpigmentation
749	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This color is very pretty and subtle.  I tend to use it more as a cheek cream; however, it's lovely as a lip cream when blended with other colors.  By itself it's a little too pale for my skin tone (pale complexion).  It has a very nice, consistent, creamy texture.
********
Use of Artemia Extract (zooplankton-extracted from brine shrimp), is becoming popular for anti-aging creams. First, its animal based. Second, used to protect skin from extreme thermal stress like cold temperatures or UV Rays. Third, there is really little to no information on it other than it appears to be in a few luxury products.
7306	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Five stars for the smell: clean, fresh, lemony - not overwhelming but noticeable just the right amount.


6311	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This a great face cleanser for acne prone skin. I use it whenever I need a quick wash of the face (or back), as it does not need to be rinsed off. While it is great for getting make-up, sweat and dirt off, it is not overly drying. Most products (even acne & sensitive skin ones) tend to cause reactions in my skin, and this is a very gentle cleanser without being too harsh. I have used much more expensive lotions & cleansers, but always keep coming back to this one. Great value and a great cleanser. Will continue buying over and over.
2012	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Got a lot of compliments.  Polish is naturally chip resistant.  Good brand of polish, OPI is my other fav, this is the first time I tried Essie.  Now I am open to Essie as well as OPI.  (tip----learned from my manicurist that the Essie sold in drug stores with white lettering on the bottle is NOT the real Essie- beware.)

Overall, this is a high quality product, made in Japan, although it would have been better if it came with an applicator.


128	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really beautiful color.  This is my favorite brand of polish!  Love this one - and they are always coming out with new ones!
2033	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love purple. This is a very pretty shade and blended with a lot of clothing styles. Love love love
513	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a very good foundation, it does a great job of covering my beauty mark on the side of my face. It doesn't come off easily, so there is no need to keep reapplying during the course of the day. I have used other foundations, but I really like that this has sun screen in it, because it's much better for my skin.
It lit pretty easily and I had it burning for several hours and you can barely tell.
6992	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've tried a lot of serums in the past year.  I'd say this one measures up to most, if not all, of them.  I don't have a huge problem with fine lines yet, but the idea is to start using anti-aging products now (in my mid/late 30s) to prevent issues in the future.
The print on the bottle is microscopic.
I recommend it but the price is a little steep for the quantity it offers.

4016	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I do like this product although it won't replace my current product even though my current product costs over three times as much. The reason is that I have sensitive skin and it seems slightly more red and I have a few breakout spots now. I cannot say for sure, however, that this redness or those breakout spots are related to this Purete Themale cleanser. To its credit, when I use it and follow it up with the Vichy Mineral Water, I sometimes forget to apply moisturizer because with the Vichy routine my skin feels already moisturized. The product also makes my skin feel tighter and firmer so I don't have visible pores. In combination with the mineral water this seems to be a good product for most but if you have exceptionally sensitive skin you might want to try it as a small purchase first and then decide for yourself before buying more..

4603	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I didn't expect to like this, thinking it was Just Another Basic Moisturizer (but with organic ingredients - yawn). But color me impressed.
I would not recommend buying these online.
If you want a very close cut free shave give it a try!
388	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This product does provide a lot of coverage, but it's not a dream product.. You will need more than a thin layer to cover, heavier coverage will need to be built up.  And it's VERY visible on the skin if you build it up to full coverage, which pretty much defeats the purpose of correcting skin--unless perhaps it's for a stage situation where you will only be viewed at a distance.  I also found this formula on the dry pasty side, and while it may sometimes be the only product that works, it is not a pleasure to work with. And you absolutely will feel having product on, this isn't weightless.  It's not irritating, but it also isn't second-skin-comfortable.
2728	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Nice color palete. No irritation. Love it!
This would not work well for extensive baldness (nothing does!), but works well for the dreaded "wide part" problem. Dark hair would be more of a challenge on a light-skinned person, as the contrast between hair and scalp would make the fibers show more than with medium brown hair.

This stuff was just perfect for my hair. It held it in place while still being movable and touchable. Friends commented on how my hair looked. It washed out nicely and didn't leave flakes of gunk on my brush and comb.
739	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've read other reviews say that regular hair spray is just as good, but I didn't find that to be true.  I would recommend that you definitely buy the Toppik Spray in conjunction with the Hair Building Fibers.
- great build and heft : the razor is heavy and feels great to be held.

7222	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Just needs more brushing out with a bit of lighter powder.
369	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The directions for DermaBlend Cover Creme are conflicting and missing a key item for best results.
Dermablend Professional Cover Creme comes in a flat wide mouthed jar.  The contents are very stiff but creamy, almost like a damp watercolor pan if anyone has ever worked with them.  Inside the box is a little spatula so that you can scrape the contents onto the back of your hand to warm it up and then apply.  There is also an instructional paper that presumably tells you how to best apply this foundation.  There is very little odor and the colors are saturated.  There is sunscreen in this foundation.
* Comfortable grip
1061	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is by far one of the best setting powders I've tried so far. I love the giant container and how much of it you get since it's not very cheap. I use all the time and it didn't break me out and it lasts a long time. I have been applying it with a fluffy powder brush and it works great. It makes my face look flawless and doesn't make me look cakey or powdery.

9143	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	helped my son with acne scars

It says it is to be used weekly, but it gets used more often than that with no problems. It is a great product that works very well, does not dry out the skin at all and has just a very light scent.

Toppik is now a must-have product for me so I started looking for a better bargain and found it here. I get almost more than twice the product for only a few $ more.
4567	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've always been a fan of Juicy Couture. I really love this specific scent. It is so light and fresh and most of all it lasts all day!!! You really cant go wrong this. The bottle itself is simply gorgeous!
3472	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great summer color and cheaper on Amazon than at Target.
6614	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works great for tight curls. I prefer my Conair curling irons though. The handle is a little tight and squeaky compared to Conair brand.
1414	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I could take or leave this toothpaste. I have it in both whitening mint and jasmine mint. I find whitening mint to be a little strong at first, but effective for removing light staining on teeth. Jasmine mint is very nice and light, also somewhat feminine. The reason I didn't give it a 5 star review is one simple fact: my breath smells horrible within an hour or so of using. My husband even told me my breath was bad (he's not one to typically say such things). Not my usual Colgate Total. I may buy the Jasmine again (I just love the taste) and get a tube of Colgate for when I know I will be around somebody.
7932	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Used this in between coloring.  Now am letting my hair go gray and it is really helping me tolerate the grow out.
8664	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this astringent...has helped my acne a ton!
-it doesnt flake everywhere like some of the other products do.
3682	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Baxter of California's Daily Moisturizing Conditioner is a nice light conditioner that is great for daily use. Great if your hair is in good condition.  If you have dry or damaged hair, I don't think this is the one for you.  It does not weigh your hair down and has a nice, light minty scent.  I didn't realize this was a "mens" product, but it works for girls!  I have bleached/dyed bright blue hair and this doesn't strip the color which is a PLUS!
However it appears that the Rose Hip extract has been diluted with glycerin and butylene  glycol.
Given the marketing, I would have thought this would have had a distinctly feminine smell, but I found it to be more unisex.  It will not be in my daily rotation, but I will use it - lightly - when I think the occasion calls for it.
309	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I ordered Don't Bossa Nova Me Around. It's not the color I was expecting - in yellow light it's a creamy brown and in bright light it almost has a lilac tint to it. However, application was flawless. Totally opaque and beautiful with a single coat.

9178	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Too drying and not effective.

7957	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I gave it a 4 star because it seems to have a slightly different formula compared to prior, meaning, it seems a little more sticky.
8914	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	have used it for years and have had many complements
5482	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I have been married for close to 24 years, and hubby has always used Edge Sensitive Gel, no matter what razor. But after my great experience with a Vichy facial serum, he figured that it was worth trying this. He used it once and tossed it. His skin was irritated, especially his neck, which was scraped and red, and his shave was not as close with the same razor.
As a new treat, I decided to try the Jasmin Mint flavor...delicious! The Jasmin is very subtle, not too sweet or flowery, just a really beautiful complement to the mint.  It would be nice for a man or a woman (anyone who thinks $10 is a reasonable price for an everyday luxury).  The light periwinkle tube is almost as delicious as the flavor, and another subtle touch by Marvis. Mmmmm, as the old toothpaste commercials used to say!
9202	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Better than other spot treatment. I have tried saciliyic acid and benzol peroxide. Helps my face anytime I have breakouts.
It goes on smoothly. I rub it between my palms and then gently spread it over my face and neck (except on my nose and to either side, where I tend to have oily skin). I found it goes on and absorbs better that way than using my fingertips. It makes my skin feel soft, and not greasy.

7023	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This shampoo is SO  hydrating, you may not feel the need for conditioner after using it.  My hair tends to be on the dry side and I've found this shampoo REALLY helps.  My hair is soft and smooth using this product.

A bottle will lost a long time.  If your skin is sensitive like mine you may want to alternate cleanings with the gel cleaner so you don't shock your face.
1825	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	It was watered down! It was a waste of my money
6555	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I would reccomend this product to anyone trying to take care of aging skin.  I have used this for several years now.  Each 50 ml lasts well over six months.  I use it nightly.

6451	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an expensive product, but I believe it is worth every penny.  I have never heard of a product layering over moisturizer.  This serum is very thick and comes out of a decent sized bottle made of plastic.  The opening is very narrow as to not over-dispense.
8725	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was dealing with problematic breakouts on my back and chest that weren't responding to my normal tea tree oil body soap.  Decided to try this on the basis of a recommendation from a friend, and this has cleared things right up!  It's also very gentle and smells good.
I found that using&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/TRESemme-Thermal-Creations-Heat-Tamer-Protective-Spray-8-fl-oz-236-ml/dp/B000H88QOM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">TRESemme Thermal Creations Heat Tamer Protective Spray 8 fl oz (236 ml)</a>&nbsp;as I dry my hair, and then again as I am using this iron, gives me excellent results!  Soft, straight, smooth and shiny, without any stiffness or stickiness.  A great combination of heat protection and performance.
7007	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I'll be honest that I selected this item from the Vine program mostly for the serum and less for the face clearing since I don't really have acne, just the occasional breakout. The problem I have is that every time I do get a blemish, the spot, even when healed takes forever to fade and I have been looking for something that fades and evens out those spots.

2751	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Review of: NUXE Contour des Yeux Prodigieux Anti-Fatigue Moisturizing Eye Cream, 0.5 fl. oz.
We observe that the price of this foundation is higher than average.  On the other hand, this foundation seems to blend well without caking, and is more than just a foundation.  As with many things, the best way to see the difference between a budget foundation and this foundation is to try both at the same time, one type on each side of the face.  We believe the difference will be obvious and will help determine which kind is best for your skin.
This cream is no different. It goes on like silk and skin is instantly softer. You don't need a lot of it to cover your face and neck, a little goes a long way.
In the shower, this foams really nicely. It feels good on my face which is the menthol added. The salicylic acid that actually controls break outs is mild enough to not burn or sting. I have not had any skin irritation or break outs in a week of daily use. I'm using this once a day though rather than multiple times.
6771	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good stuff. Takes redness away and shrinks pimples over night. Make sure you don't shake it before use tho! Use a q tip and get some of the pink stuff from the bottom and use it that way!
2664	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Calvin Klein's Obsession was an instant classic since its introduction in 1986.  A blend of citrus, flowers and spicy gives this cologne a soft fragrance that makes a statement without being overpowering.  Although it could be used year round, I prefer wearing it in the fall, winter and spring seasons.  I would rate its longevity to be moderate to long lasting, depending on how much you spray on.  It is the perfect fragrance for professionals in any field or age group.
QUALITY: In spite of what seems to be a very light hue, you only need one swipe to get a nice glow, and the powder is extremely lightweight--it's definitely matte (almost all powder blushes will be matte), but it *doesn't* sit on your skin. The powder solid also doesn't crumble and fly all over the place like many do, so I'd say it's a good on-the-go compact...I only wish that there was a mini brush as a part of it, but that's just me as most powder compacts don't come with one and expect you to always have a giant brush in your purse. But because the pigment is powerful enough and the powder isn't crumbly, I'd say this will last much longer than many other blushes--and thus, this is a decent price.
I would be willing to try another color by this brand, but I can't recommend this one.

5479	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product!  My husband is so happy about it.  Says it leaves his face feeling so nice and that it rinses off his face so easily.
8. LOREAL DERMABLEND QUICK-FIX CONCEALER STICK (SPF 30)
I will update as I keep using it.
6539	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	People in the U.K. have made this the number one moisturizing cream in the country, and I can see why. I purchased a try me trio if products, and am so very pleased with all of them. The scent of all of the products I have tried is fresh and clean. If this scent was made into a day parfume it would sell out.
641	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the loose powder by Jane Iredale. It was originally recommended to me by the lady that does my facials. You can have as little or as much coverage as you need. I love the spf value, too. It feels like your wearing nothing and doesn't come off on your clothes, cell phone, etc. like liquid foundation does.
4797	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is an effective deep cleansing shampoo. With this shampoo I would really recommend that you first wash your hair with a cheaper shampoo then follow with this. I have found that on the first round of shampoo this does not lather well, so you'll end up using more than you need if you want a rich lather. So if you use a cheaper shampoo first to remove the surface dirt on your hair and scalp, and then you use this shampoo, the bottle will last a lot longer and you will get more of the scalp deep cleansing.
2907	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	i've always had oily skin and wanted to try this in addition to my usual regimen. although its super expensive and the bottle is small, it does work pretty well. A little bit goes a long way and it will keep the oil under control for a while. Not all day but for a few hours which for me is fine.
So, no thank you, I would like to keep my moisture barrier.
9698	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good
Taste is subjective, but if you like interesting flavors, these are nice toothpastes to try.
They are a bit on the narrow side, so it will take multiple clips per nail to do the job.  I don't mind this because I like to have more control over the curve, but it is something to be aware of, particularly if you've been using the more expensive, larger styles.
There's a lot going on with this scent. The lemon is almost rugged, like it had a few drinks with the Dos Equis man. It knows what elegance is, but it doesn't want to flaunt that it knows.



When applied with damp sponge, airbrush finish
I personally use some sort of cologne every day at work, so I don't want something that is going to overpower people.  Rather I simply want to have a fresh clean scent that will last all day and this cologne seems to do that for me.  My wife is the biggest critic of my cologne, and when I got her seal of approval I knew that this was a good product.
The product I'd most brag about...the Vitamin C Serum....it keeps me looking much younger than I am and is the most effective product I've ever tried for keeping my Melasma at bay. When I ran out of the last bottle the spots came back slowly but surely and much darker..a true test of its efficiency. I highly recommend all MB products...they give you excellent results for a great price.
9589	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been buying Elta MD products for a while now; they are the ONLY ONES that don't leave my skin feeling greasy or oily; i can put my makup on right after using it;  it is not sticky at all and it offers great protection;  Love it.
Since it contains salicylic acid, it's designed for oily and acne-prone skin.  I don't have acne (just the occasional pimple), but do have that classic oily T-zone, and this seems to help reduce the shine.
7178	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product. It makes my skin feel so soft. I use it in the morning and at night. Its light but hydrating. My boyfriend and I share Combination Code. I like Combat Lines for daytime too. It has good sun protection. I even take it to the beach.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Billy-Jealousy-Combat-Lines-Face-Moisturizer-SPF-30-3-5-Ounces/dp/B000A5CPMQ/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Billy Jealousy Combat Lines Face Moisturizer, SPF 30, 3.5 Ounces</a>
like others have mentioned, this is a 'rattler,' due to the loose head-tightening mechanism in the handle... and you will NOT be able to swap out the head - this is a TWO-PIECE razor... the base plate remains fixed to the handle - only the top cap separates - not a problem for me...
Nonetheless, I would buy more Art of Shaving items in the future.
Butylene Glycol
604	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I just wish the lip pencil would stay on my lips longer.  It is a nice color but a little lighter than I expected. However, it does look quite good on me and I did reorder it.

edit:2/11/2015
You want to make sure you get it on the ROOTS/Scalp.. brush hair afterward to knock off "extra" and use hairspray.  It will look awesome and STAY PUT. Been using this for 2 years now and tried SEVERAL types before I found this... if I was a "prep per" I would stock food, water, emergency supplies and THIS for the vanity side of me.

6370	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is amazing and smells great.
7623	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I was skeptical about buying the cleanser figuring that my current oil free acne cleanser was good enough. I ended up using the travel size to see if it made a difference and it REALLY did. I now use all PCA products and can honestly say that I've been impressed with every product. And like their other products, this cleanser goes a long way and last a good while so its definitely worth the money for me!!
8708	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've trusted Mario Badescu products and their spa for years, but just recently tried this Rose Hips Nourishing Oil.  I use a few drops on my face at night before putting on a moisturizer.  It feels good, goes on quickly and doesn't leave my skin feeling oily.  I like it because of the antioxidants in the Vitamin C.  I don't have issues with dry spots, especially during the summer.
9577	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	draws compliments everywhere I go. The entire line of "Euphoria " is outstanding. BUT, this was delivered opened and without a nozzle. The box was torn along the seam as well.

7053	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product!
5684	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	It takes too long to cover the patches. The colour was too dark for brown. It was like black. It cannot be used for large areas of baldness.
One jar lasts about 4 months. There is no other shaving cream like it!

7502	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Feels great . Not heavy and makes your skin feel really soft. Great feeling on skin with use. Does not clog
7839	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love the minty flavour. It feels very soothing and I would imagine it has a slight numbing effect in case you get a cut. A half press is enough to cover your whole face. It provides a smooth generous foam that makes your shaver glides with almost no friction at all.
Pros:
2357	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I've used a variety of lip balms and hydration solutions, and I found this one to be sub-par.  It felt heavy on my lips, and didn't seem to sink in like other treatments.  It also felt sticky.  After about half an hour I ended up wiping this off, because it felt like it just sat on my lips.  As far as moisturizing lip treatments go, I'll stick to Fresh's Sugar line.  It's more expensive, but works so much better.
This lotion actually made my dry winter hands look so much better.
5538	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good head camo.
Texture: Not as smooth as other pencils I've used. Took longer to apply and had to keep smudging and fiddling with Q-tips to get a neat line. Didn't go on "evenly."
6582	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this spray to my face and neck as a little refresher!
1180	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have some scaring on the top of my head due to skin lupus. This has solved my problem. It is easy to apply and no mess. Took it with me today when I got my hair trimmed and my stylist was very impressed. I would highly recommend.
5581	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Slightly purple/off color in some lighting. Sticks better than Caboki but the color made me stop buying it.

In short,  this is an excellent product.

This had me curious enough to research this further, after all maybe its just me.  Perhaps I don't remember the scent or my body chemistry has changed.
5480	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This Vichy shaving gel is the thickest, creamiest shaving cream I've ever used and yet it rinses off the blade with ease. In the past, when I've used thicker shaving gels, the trade-off is always that the cream is so thick that I have to spend a lot of time rinsing the blade between strokes. This cream somehow dissolves immediately when you get the blade wet.
1799	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Get color but pretty watery
2518	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I think this makes a better cologne that a perfume, but maybe that's just me. It had a subtle sophistication to it that begs to be discovered as you inhale the scent. I suppose that's probably part of the appeal.

5124	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Would order again!
6569	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the neck & bust cream now for several months. I was introduced to it like most other users....on a cruise. This facial cream is great. I live in Florida & at 62 I can still get oily skin in this climate. This products is light & is not clogging my pores.
5930	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love Butter London colors.  I have had chipping issues in the past with Butter London but now I use the Revlon gel base coat and that is no longer an issue.

555	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Really nice cover makeup. It is a bit thick, but it glides on smoothly, and it covers beautifully. It even covers pores and makes my skin look smooth and beautiful. After applying a light dusting of powder over it, it has superb staying power even down here in the heat of the South. This is well worth the money. I'll definitely be using this from now on.
769	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This comes in a lovely bottle that has a classic shape and classic styling.

5153	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This stuff gave me a terrible rash on my chest. Definitely not for use if you have sensitive skin. I started out using it every day. Then went to once every other day. Rash didn't start to clear up until I stopped use altogether.
9692	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I like shea butter for times when skin really needs extra protection & moisturizing.  This shea butter hand cream is really good and not terribly greasy.  A little goes a long way.  Even my husband who hates greasy lotions, likes this one.  It has a light unisex fragrance - almond & slight coconut.


9847	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very emollient, especially in the winter here in the dry plains. Feels cool on my red cheeks.
5385	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love this product - skeptical if it would "add value" but it does!
3139	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm going to start by saying I am not a fan of the dry solids, but this is indeed a dry formulation.  However, this product works.  Pleasant smell, I haven't needed a "recharge", and no irritation for my skin.  Two swipes is all I usually need.  Lasts all day long, and I even noticed it lasts after my evening work outs, and even after the shower after the work out.
6458	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Mario Badescu products for years, but just tried this Herbal Hydrating Serum.  Other reviewers have mentioned that this serum is thicker than most serums.  Though the Herbal Hydrating Serum feels thick it doesn't feel greasy or oily.  It let my skin feeling a little tacky, but not uncomfortable.  I've been using this serum in NYC in August when it is hot and humid, I expect that this will work really well while traveling and in colder, drier weather.

Look when applied: Seemed heavier and line was not as strong and consistent. Getting a thin line was very difficult (again, an issue of consistency and size/shape of product tip)
So far I had a few friends try it and they were hooked.



There is no white cast.
9772	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product to use for circles under eyes or just to brighten areas. Blends easily and stays put, all while looking completely natural.
3532	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using CND's Stickey Base Coat for about three years, ever since I first read about it in a beauty magazine.  It really does an excellent job of anchoring your nail polish down, and it makes my at-home manicures last much longer than they ever did before I began using it.

As an added bonus, It is refreshing to know that I don't have to worry what any unpronounceable chemical ingredient may or may not be the cause of some serious medical condition down the road as it is all natural!
I will continue to use this product.
Best product I have found for my very difficult skin.  I had all but given up but was impressed with the service and the cleanser and decided to give this a try.  Thank you.
2667	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I found out two things upon trying this the other day. First, it is very powerful. After two short squirts, two rooms in my apartment were bathed in the scent for a good hour. Secondly, upon smelling it, my 18 year old daughter said that it reminded her of my father, her grandfather. I felt the same way. It's heavy on the musk and very strong. Neither of those are my choice qualities in a men's fragrance.
Nice size bottle, lasts a long time. Scent does last on your skin, but didn't bother my nose, in fact I kinda liked it.
My razor glides very smoothly, and since the lotion is clear, I can see if I have missed any hair. The smell is very faint which is something I like.
It didn't remove my make up, and it surprisingly made my skin MORE oily.

6553	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Wonderful texture and weight, lovely scent, and my skin feels WONDERFUL!! I highly recommend all of the products in the Elemis line!
The powder blends well over the foundation.
I don't see why this should be JUST for men.  I like it!
I had a blemish forming so I tried a dab of this on top instead of my usual go-to solution for blemishes.
Four stars because this has sunscreen in it.  I prefer to have no sunscreen in foundation.  If someone wants to have sunscreen, I prefer to add it separately.  If it did not have sunscreen, I would like it a bit better.
4888	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Jane Iredale is the best.  Nothing else need be said.  Be sure to get the perfect color for you at a salon - Prefessional recommendation is needed. It is worth the extra step.
931	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	light weight, smooth application. easily blended.  great product.


2666	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	As a pair, I like both the Eternity and Obsession colognes.  This one is the duskier of the two, maybe Eternity is good for work, and Obsession for when the sun goes down.  Smaller bottles keep better, you go through them rather than having them sitting around on your dresser and getting rank over the years.

5952	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I wore this color as an accent to butter LONDON's Hen Party. The polish covers the nail really well and stays on without chipping for a good amount of time. In my opinion it is worth the price you have to pay.
9276	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is one of the few hylaronic acid products that actually works. It is a delightfully light, yet effective moisturizing serum that soaks in immediately, leaving my skin soft and supple. I have acne-prone skin, which of course still needs moisture, and this performs very well without causing ANY breakouts. Exceeded my expectations as have the many other PCA products I use. This is an EXCELLENT cosmeceutical line and I'm sticking with it...
1099	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a review of the Dermablend Loose Translucent Setting Powder in "Cool Beige". I am in love with this powder so far!! I like the tinted color as a setting powder since it adds even more coverage for my blemishes and sun spots. The 1oz size is very generous and I believe will last quite a while. The powder comes with a little "puffer" to apply the product on your face. It is really just a super jumbo cotton ball and I'm not sure how it would hold up to being cleaned or to frequent use, but you can easily use another applicator or brush to apply. I loved the smoothness of my skin after applying the powder and in extreme dry heat, it has kept me looking matte and fabulous! Overall, very pleased with this product. I added a few pics to show packaging and a finished look using the powder as a setting powder.
Face it guys, there's no miracle cure for hairloss - yet. Toppix is a good cosmetic choice for hiding hairloss, but if you're bald or otherwise don't have at least some hair to which Toppix can blend into, this may not work for you. You can always buy one of the smaller sizes to try out if unsure.
will have to mix with med. blonde.
Im not sure that I buy that. Both my wife and I tried this night cream out, and I cant say that there was any perceivable difference. It works wellthe AHA formula cleans off the dried skin overnight, and is especially welcome during cold and windy winters.  It is a thick cream, almost like a mask, which is odd if you haven't tried it before. It comes out almost like toothpaste, which was a shock at first. But it blends into the skin nicely. All in all, we are pleased with the results.

The package directions say to remove the cleanser with cotton pads, but the product info on Amazon says that you can also use water to wash it off. I use water, but that's just my personal preference.
5569	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great product!!! Covers thinning area very well!

SIZE

4267	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My favorite thing about these is the subtlety and the fact that they blend well. That way, it's not obvious that you had a "dramatic" change and you can add to it day by day if you so choose. Only caveat I've noticed is that I don't think it lasts that long. It's advertised for a week and I think it's more like 3-4 days. That's fine for me, since I usually do it for a specific event or weekend, but just so you know...
8612	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The IS Clinical products were introduced to me by my skin care specialist.  Do your skin a favor and get this.  Is it expensive? Yes but worth every drop.  Think how much you will save in getting all those drugstore serums that don't work.  Will it totally erase wrinkles?  No, of course not......BUT it WILL definitely make your skin brighter & healthier looking and it certainly does lessen the look of wrinkles.
  Overall, I really like the seaweed cleansing soap from Mario Badescu Skincare.  It thoroughly cleans my skin, giving it a healthy glow, without dehydrating it.  I relish the creamy texture, color and scent of the cleanser.  It easily washes off my face.  The bottle is small enough to carry in a backpack, purse, shoulder bag, tote bag, etc.  Therefore, it is conducive for traveling.  After using the product for nearly a week, I haven't experienced any adverse side effects.  I highly recommend this seaweed cleansing soap.  It would make a thoughtful present for someone with a troubled complexion.
8584	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Overall not bad but stings my skin a bit.
This has a nice texture and smell with no artificial fragrances or dyes.  The large number of plant extracts should be suitable for sensitive skin, although consider doing a patch test first, as always, if you are concerned.  I, personally, didn't have any issues.

4507	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great mild oil cleansing water.
3003	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing body lotion! My skin is very dry! I have been using this everyday and I can see a difference!! It is a little on the pricey side, but I think it is well worth it!
7073	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	This product will mess up your hair as if you've been to the beach, but your hair will smell very strongly perfumed. I don't use it anymore because of overwhelming scent.
7586	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Its smooth and feels good and has a mild nice fragrance but it has done nothing and I'm not surprised. Nothing is going to fix creapy necks. Wishful thinking is so expensive. Things that work best for me are specific  neck exercise to create bloodflow, stay away from prolonged sunshine , watch your posture and eat healthy fats...We're all different and we all will age but let's do it slowly!

4100	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	can't live without this....I have silver salt and pepper hair and my worst nightmare is yellow hair.  This is great !
5546	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Quick fix for an uneven and terrible haircut! I received a very bad student haircut that went from medium full to shorter than military with exposed scalp. I stumbled across this stuff on Amazon and bought a competitors as well. This one worked well but was actually enhanced by the other one. This was mostly because the other was a shade different in color and combined created a more natural result. My hair was shorter in one side than the other and the student actually took a 'chunk' out. I looked terrible! This stuff actually created the illusion. Of an even look and concealed my visible scalp while my hair is growing back. It is worth a try! Hair spray makes it stick and once dry will not transfer. Step 1. Shake over your washed, dried, and styled, hair like you are sifting in a back and forth motion. Step 2. Pat gently but firmly into place. Step 3. Wipe any product off your forehead, ears, neck and be prepared to do it again. Step 4. Seal it with a mist of quality hair spray ( you do not need theirs!!). Paul Mitchell Freeze and Shine worked great!
791	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Age: 56
Over all, 5 stars for value, ease of use, and quality of shave.
7051	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bioelements Sleepwear is the best.  Doesn't stay sticky like some over night creams for the face do.  Your skin feels so soft.  I have adult acne and I can't use many of the products out there.  Sleepwear works well and doesn't cause me to have an outbreak.  Well worth the money!!!


6241	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using Pevonia RS2 lotion for many years.  This toner is used after cleansing and before moisturizing. I have rosacea and using these products has worked well for me.  I continually get complements on my "wrinkle free" skin and I am 61 years old!  I would never swithch from using this product.  It also smells good.  It has a hint or a rose smell.
One of the things I love most about MB products is that they have fewer ingredients and do not irritate my skin.  Whenever possible I try to use more natural products on my skin and I regularly use a variety of cleansing masks along with my clarsonic in order to keep my skin clear.  This drying lotion can sometimes sting a little when I put it on if I tried squeezing a pimple (yes, I know, against the rules..but it happens!), but if I use this before bed I will wake up and find that my large red pimples have shrunk significantly overnight.  Depending on the size of the breakout sometimes it disappears completely within a day!
7063	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I absolutely LOVE this cleanser. Have been purchasing it for years now. Only issue I have is the damn glass bottle! Why on earth do they think glass is a good idea in the bathroom? And what is up with this stupid pump system?? I end of losing/wasting about 1/8 of every bottle to this nonsense. Please, for the love of God someone get Bio Elements to redesign this stupid bottle!!!
3291	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works ok. Hold is not great for thick medium length hair.
196	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Not my favorite color, but lasted long on my nails. Looks a little more orange in person.
1750	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	For some reason when i put this nail polish on it goes on with a matte finish and looks weird. I feel like when i bought it that it had been tampered with before. None of my other essie colors that i've bought from a store has done that.
5885	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Accurate color in photo.
4307	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	face wash for my whole family!
3276	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	So I've tried probably hundreds of balms over the years and I truly think Jack Black balms are one of the best on the market. They are thin, but so, so emollient and last a long time on the lips. I've got very dry lips and generally need to apply balm many times throughout the day but with these I can go several hours between applications. I appreciate the more subdued scents; I love smelling berries and candy on my lips sometimes, but other times it's nice to have a more grown-up scent. For the price, you can't go wrong, this is a wonderful product that could be priced much higher and still be worth it.

7424	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Other reviewers commented that this product was very thick - and they did not mean that in a good way.
7050	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I needed to change my review. After a few weeks of use- I have broken out worse than anything in my life. My skin has never been in this bad of shape in my life even in my teenage years! Bioelements and I clearly do not work well. I switched back to Dermalogica and instantly cleared up. Never switching again in my life.
8935	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love it - will re order
7722	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Works well covering a red scar on my face. Required a few layers, followed by foundation makeup and the redness disappears. Lasts all day!

Face it guys, there's no miracle cure for hairloss - yet. Toppix is a good cosmetic choice for hiding hairloss, but if you're bald or otherwise don't have at least some hair to which Toppix can blend into, this may not work for you. You can always buy one of the smaller sizes to try out if unsure.
So now I mix them together and so far am more satisfied with the mixture than any of the 3 individual tubes.
7131	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I've been using this in conjunction with the Jack Black True Volume Thickening shampoo.  First of all, I have had thinning hair since I was about 26, going on ten years now.  I've tried all kinds of products to try and magically make my hair appear thicker and fuller, but I have finally come to the acceptance that there is no miracle product.  With that said, I believe this is a great conditioner.  It is relatively light, has pleasant citrus smell (smell is subjective), and it leave my hair very soft and manageable.  I'm not going to say one way or the other whether this has made my hair appear thicker... if it has, it's barely noticeable.  But since I keep my hair relatively short, it has made it much more manageable.  I will buy this product again.
3020	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Perfect!
This is a creamy roll-up stick cover product which does the job without rubbing off too much. I love the idea of having a smooth body-skin look as with the generous tube of the wonderful, and long-lasting Dermablend Professional Leg and Body Make-Up; however, Im mentioning this Quick Fix product first as Im partial to a more natural, yet youthful, look, only working with the blemishes and letting the natural skins still show through.  This is my personal preference.  It isn't quite going to be looking as flawlessly airbrushed overall as with the full body make-up, yet it is the product I will use first; especially during the day. I love it.
2842	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have used LA Medical, IS Clinical, Pharmagel, Skin Ceuticals, and a variety of other luxury brands, currently and in the past. As well as formulated my own after extensive study in cosmetic chemistry, herbalist, formulation and clinical aromatherapy.
5594	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing product for thin hair.  Use it with covure and they work great  together.
* If you're looking for instructions, they're not on the packaging or the bottles--they're on an O-shaped cardboard thing that goes _around_ the packaging. I almost threw it away before realizing it contained the instructions (which weren't that helpful, but I personally was curious whether the oil went on first or last)
6649	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great barrel size
5788	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I really like La Roche-Posay's products.  This is a very good foam cleanser that cleans with out leaving your face feeling dry. I recently bought Noble Formula Zinc bar soap and I LOVE it. It  also cleans very well with out drying I will be using both.

8007	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The Toppick Hair Building Fibers fill in the thinning areas on my scalp. It looks very natural, and others comment that my hair looks thiicker.
2599	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like it.  This is my first time trying mineral make-up. This is a pretty light and soft color when you apply it.  Don't freak when you get in the mail.  It looks a lot darker than in the picture. You can adjust the color to as light or as dark as you want.  It comes in a really neat case that can be connected to other products in this line to create your own make-up kit.  The price is rather high but probably comparable to those brands you will find at a makeup counter in a Department Store.
4539	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the BEST facial cleanser that I've EVER used...
1495	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Too many large glitter pieces, just looks clumpy and cant smooth even with many top coats. Who wants lumpy nails?
9473	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I am really happy with this remover.  It takes a full manicure off with just one cotton round.  Even does a great job of removing glitter polish.  I think this is my third bottle in 2 yrs.  So it really goes far.  I average a mani change about twice a week.  So, I would say this is a great value.
705	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I wouldn't say this stuff will clear up a face but it can be used everyday to keep your face looking good without drying it out. Not a real acne cleanser or anything. I like it for a daily cleanser
1205	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This product has changed my life... I feel so much confidence since I've had it. I was tired of people looking at the back of my balding head and the top. This adds hair fibers to existing hair. It covers everything on.my balding head. Sometimes it takes some time in the morning to do just like you have regular hair. You have to get a hang of the pepper shaker style. I have tried the other tools they offer, but as a primery bald person that just seems to not work as well. The pump just blows powder all over. Most people don't even notice there's a difference, and they think I just dyed my hair. I sleep with it at night and leave it on for almost about a week (5 days) then it starts to get a little itchy. Has to be touched up everyday. I.spray w hair spray n blow it w blower to hold. I have read that you can get it wet and when I go in the shower it doesn't seem to come out right away... but I haven't quite tested that theory out yet. Also cut it when trimming up like real hair. It's Worth the try for any guy n gal, n would be excellent for guys w fullet hair but thinning.
Now, a moisturizer that simply hydrates is not good enough! we demand more from our products these days. To show truly efficacious results, this cream has to DO something else. That's where the AHA's come in. The fruit acids to act as low level AHA's (i'd guess it's 5% or less), so you won't see visible brightness overnight -- but over a few weeks, you'll feel your skin texture getting smoother, more refined.
This does exactly what it says.  It cleanses and removes and tones. I use Estee Lauder Double Wear Mascara which doesn't smudge in the rainiest of weather and it's a bear to get off. This water wipes it clean without rubbing and with one stripe.  I do use flat cotton squares instead of cotton balls but it's awesome

4660	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The blemish clearing cleanser really gives a deep down cleanse, lathers nicely too. The blemish clearing serum worked ok. I prefer a higher 2% of salicylic acid. This one is .75% which may work for some, but doesn't help much with my adult acne. The oil free moisturizer is lightweight, worked fine, but nothing out of the ordinary. The added blemish clearing peel was a nice treat. I felt like it did brighten my complexion and made my face feel soft. I only wish a sample of the blemish clearing powder would've been included. As is, it is a very nice good size set to try Juice Beauty to clear your complexion. My reason for 4 stars is because of the smell of the products. I found it to smell a little medicinal. Overall, good value and the cleanser and mask is worth the price for the whole kit.
1765	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good basic white. OPI is the best.
6. LOREAL DERMABLEND PROFESSIONAL QUICK-FIX BODY (NO SPF):
8038	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I used to use another brand, but the next morning all my head started to scratch,
With a Feather blade I get a much closer and irritation shave with the 37C.  This is now my favorite razor.  I have found that blades seem to last longer on this razor, likely due to the additional stiffness afforded by the torquing of the blade.


5083	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	Pevonia moisturizers are great, but the peels are not that effective.
3867	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This definitely works!! My nails feel much stronger than it was before applying this. Also this gives your nails a more natural look. It is beautiful!! I would highly recommend this for everyone guy AND gal.
2446	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Love it! So far, so good. This super powerful and blow hot. Speeds up a blow dry for sure.

8860	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My husband and I have been buying this candle for years. Each candle lasts about 6 months with roughly 4 hours burn time a week. We love this brand (and this scent) because it fills our home with a pleasant yet subtle scent. I've tried other candles that smelled pleasant at first, but after about 30 minutes of burning began to smell overly sweet/fake.
5175	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I've had little pots of this moisturizer before and I've always loved how rich and creamy it is.  It does a great job moisturizing but it doesn't have an SPF, so I always need to put another lay on top of it, unless I wear it at night.  The pot is small - along the lines of a sample size.  I love Vichy products and there are some that I'm never without, such as&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vichy-Minral-89-Hyaluronic-Acid-Serum-Moisturizer-Daily-Skin-Booster-to-Hydrate-Plump-and-Fortify-Skin-1-69-Fl-Oz/dp/B06XC5PQGL/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vichy Minral 89 Hyaluronic Acid Serum Moisturizer Daily Skin Booster to Hydrate, Plump, and Fortify Skin, 1.69 Fl. Oz.</a><a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Vichy-Puret-Thermale-3-in-1-One-Step-Face-Wash-Cleanser-and-Eye-Makeup-Remover-for-Sensitive-Skin-3-3-Fl-Oz/dp/B074D72QTS/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Vichy Puret Thermale 3-in-1 One Step Face Wash Cleanser and Eye Makeup Remover for Sensitive Skin, 3.3 Fl. Oz.</a>.
7045	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bioelements is the best product i have ever tried.  Now have been using for 20 years and at 50 i am told i look 30.
7619	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	My skin feels very clean and soft after washing. Not tight. The smell is a little too strong in the beginning though, but once I washed it off it's ok.
4171	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love all the PCA products I have purchased!  I can see a difference within a few weeks of starting to use it.  The prices seem to have gone up on some products since my last purchase.  A bit pricey.
In the shower, this foams really nicely. It feels good on my face which is the menthol added. The salicylic acid that actually controls break outs is mild enough to not burn or sting. I have not had any skin irritation or break outs in a week of daily use. I'm using this once a day though rather than multiple times.
I don't see why this should be JUST for men.  I like it!
The product I'd most brag about...the Vitamin C Serum....it keeps me looking much younger than I am and is the most effective product I've ever tried for keeping my Melasma at bay. When I ran out of the last bottle the spots came back slowly but surely and much darker..a true test of its efficiency. I highly recommend all MB products...they give you excellent results for a great price.
The toner, kinda smells like toothpaste to me. I don't have a pore problem. But I am using all three steps to get the optimum benefits. I notice that if I do a rush job on my face and just want to get to bed then the toner picks up a lot of the dirt that the cleanser missed.
7631	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	I love all coola products. This however had the consistency of the correct product but felt like it had sand in it.... it felt like an exfoliating scrub. I tried to use it as long as I could but my face was raw after a few days. I will continue to buy my coola products directly from birchbox as to avoid wasting money.
I just wished that it came in a bigger bottle!
8126	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good product for making skinny hair fat!

Formula-wise, this is one of my favorite Zoyas.  It did require three coats to become opaque, but it was super easy to apply.  It was not drippy and the brush was fairly narrow (not wide like those Nails Inc. brushes), which I felt gave me a good level of control.  It dried quickly (helped along by some Seche Vite fast dry topcoat) and has a nice shine and a smooth, even surface.
2433	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	amazing! i live by this iron, I've had it already for so many years and it is amazing. gives you shiny super straight hair, it heats up really fast which makes it useful for days you are in a rush.

5587	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Good
775	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This foundation is a very good match to my complexion. I am very pale, and the color doesn't stand out.  I need a light coverage foundation, and this is light and makes my skin look dewy and glowing.  A very nice product, even for older skin.
919	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Arrived quickly. Very nice. Exactly as expected. Great seller.

As excellent as this product is for me and other blonde/gray women, it's the shape of the brows that make a huge difference in the brightness of the eyes.
62	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the neutral I was searching for this winter. Tickle My France-y is a browned pink that works good with my skin tone and everything I wear. Professional but feminine. I use Poshe as my top coat and always get at least 7 days on a manicure.
539	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a great, lightweight full coverage foundation. Goes on smoothly and does not look cakey or flakey on my skin. I am typically fussy when it comes to my facial products, so I was skeptical when I first ordered this. However, I was pleasantly surprised to see how flawless this product worked for me. It smoothes my skin, minimizing poors and making me appear to not be wearing foundation (but my face looks amazing). I had never heard of DermaBlend before I ordered this, but I am definitely sold. This will be my foundation of choice going forward. Absolutely love how it makes my skin look and feel.
6961	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I wanted to like this product. I tried it a couple times, but I just can't use it any more. It's got great ingredients and did make my skin soft and for that I give it the 2 stars. For me though, first of all, I really didn't like the scent. I'm not sure what it was about it that didn't please me, but it certainly didn't smell good to my nose. Secondly, the moisturizer felt really heavy and slithery on my skin and felt like it didn't absorb very well.
If you are thinning, this well make you feel better and look great, really!

9576	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a perfect gift for the man in your life. My husband smells like a million bucks. This is a warm, rich, amber and vanilla parfum for men. Calvin Klein Euphoria for Men Liquid Gold is very long wearing, and a little goes a long way. If you like a deeper spicy scent versus a clean bright smell this is the one you will like.
2640	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	This is an intriguing fragrance.  Upon application, there are several different notes.  There was definitely a powdery aspect to the scent, but a sophisticated powder--warm, with almost an oriental quality, perhaps due to the "amber" listed in the description.  The description also notes that this fragrance is supposed to have an "overdose" of vanilla--there is a subtle air of vanilla, but I certainly did not find this to be dominant.
8255	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	just beautiful!
6357	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is the BEST moisturizer I've ever used! I have really dry sensitive skin and it's extremely hard for me to find something that I can use that doesn't make me break out like crazy. This moisturizer made me a believer in Mario Badescu so much that I went out and bought his full face treatments for every skin mishap I happened to have that day. I couldn't be happier with this. I have also recommended to my friends and family. Just a few days ago I had really dry skin all over my chin, cheeks, nose, and forehead. I tried everything I could think of with the products that I had already, and nothing was working. I decided to try this after a youtube blogger friend of my recommended it. It only took a couple days for my skin so look amazing. It think after using this my skin looks better than it did before. I don't even need full coverage makeup after what this has done to my skin!!! It's a miracle product line!!!
- It goes on and sinks in smoothly.
5577	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	very good product... I lost a lot of my hair and it covers that very well..
9306	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love this product as I like most Jane Iredale products.  It looks natural but gives a nice sheer coverage while protecting my skin from UVA. I use translucent for natural coverage.  Most days, I first use Jane Iredale's moisture tint, Dream Tint, in "peach brightener."  Dream Tint comes in various soft shades.  I apply the Powder Me Dry Sunscreen with a brush.  I shake some of the powder onto the sponge applicator and load my brush off the sponge.  A jar will last me a year.
Each element of this kit has been easy on my skin.  I am sensitive to odors and the scent from these products is minimal and quickly dissipates.  A small amount of each one goes a long way and I estimate that the items should definitely last a month, if not more.  My only quibble is that it's difficult to get the precise amount of product I want out of the tubes.  I often end up squeezing out more than I need.  I wish that instead of squeeze tubes they used little glass jars or tubes with little pumps.
2224	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like these. They seem to be good quality. These keep getting more expensive these glycolics.
6661	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	It was bigger than I wanted. But still works wonderfully for other hair styles
7681	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a product I use a couple of times a week.  Any NIA24 skin care product is worth checking out.  This works nice with just a dab on a wash cloth, to prevent dry flaky surface skin.
8239	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	good
2646	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This scent reminds me of a beautifully decorated heart shaped box of chocolates on Valentine's Day. With a vase of flowers sitting nearby. When I first sprayed some on, it reminded me of the scent of white chocolate or the sweet, creamy fillings inside a box of dark chocolates. And that is mixed with a soft, feminine, powdery scent. And then there is a slight nod of romantic flowers, which I am guessing must be the magnolia.
Its a thermal spring water thats safe enough for even the most sensitive of skin. It says to spray on, leave on for 3 minutes and then remove excess without rubbing but I found that it has evaporated away at the end of 3 minutes and no removal is necessary.
The product I'd most brag about...the Vitamin C Serum....it keeps me looking much younger than I am and is the most effective product I've ever tried for keeping my Melasma at bay. When I ran out of the last bottle the spots came back slowly but surely and much darker..a true test of its efficacy. I highly recommend all MB products...they give you excellent results for a great price.
I will buy it until something better comes along.
8874	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I love love love this stuff! Smells so good feels great on my skin! I even love ot as a makeup setting spray.
Vichy Id&eacute;al Capital Soleil Autobronzant Moisturizing Self Tanner Lotion can ease the transition to comfortable display of winter legs to summer short weather.  If you have never used a self-tanner this is a good one, and worth a try, especially if you have tried other products.
8990	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have very fine, thinning hair and the regular curling irons I have been using left my hair flat and whatever curl was there, left immediately.  This curling iron does manage to make a good, lasting curl.  I was very concerned about the heat intensity, but I have it smack, dab in the middle and it works just fine.  I do like the swivel cord--makes maneuvering it around the head nice and easy.  It has a strong spring and I do like the indentation in the tip.  It allows me to put a finger in it for better control.  I know some people remarked about the dial, but I don't find it moves--it stays exactly where I put it.
Right out of the box, however, the Crabtree  & Evelyn Jojoba Shea Butter Soap almost got 1 star.  The bars are exceedingly large and bulbous, making them hard to handle.  But I wised up after realizing that's just a temporary problem. Still, I'm thinking of sawing the next bar in half.
I have very sensitive skin that's easily irritated by almost everything, and this cleanser so far has been awesome.
6432	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	After two weeks I started seeing the fine lines around my hair line disappear. So far so good
2525	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This is a really good moisturizer for men's skin..it does not really have a smell to it which is good, if you are like me, then you don't want your skin to smell like flowers, perfume, or candles or other crap that women use as their body lotion. This is designed for men so it will not smell like you used your wife's moisturizer. The bottle is a BIG bottle and you only need a few pumps from it to coat your skin so it will last you a long time..It is nice to use right after a shower and it makes your skin smooth and keeps it from drying out and cracking.. A+ men's product that I will continue to purchase..

7434	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using this peeling cream for a year and love it!  Gentle but you see the positive effects.  Great price too!
4243	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	this stuff is great for the neck and chin area (most ingrown build up). stings a little when apply after a fresh shave but it's worth it. i use it mostly for night time application since that's when my hair really starts to grow back. I use it nightly or most of the nights in a week and i am impressed so far with the results.
8. LOREAL DERMABLEND QUICK-FIX CONCEALER STICK (SPF 30)
I also don't think that this is a high-quality lotion.  It doesn't absorb well, and it really doesn't do much to soften or soothe dry skin.
It is a thick cream texture, isn't greasy and a little goes a long way. I use a 3/8" squeeze from the tube, which is enough to cover my face. It absorbs quickly and well, so I can go about my business and not get anything on my pillow. I either can't detect anything but a light scent or there is none added, so it has a very light to no scent. My skin is on the oily side and I noticed that it was a little less oily after a week of use.
5227	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using revision products for about 10 years and love the brand. This cream works well and I am never without it.
After two months of use, my skin is possibly the best it has ever been.  I have very minimal to no breakouts. I don't have to wear much makeup at all beyond a little foundation or concealer to even out my color.  Lines by my eyes and mouth are reduced. Redness is gone.  Old acne scars and discolorations are fading. the texture is GREAT.  I have gotten compliments on my skin lately. (You look healthy / are glowing! / look so young! You can't be 38!) I almost wish I had taken before and after photos. I cant believe it, but I actually threw out all the other non-PCA skin care products in my cabinet without hesitation.
No strong scents or perfumes
120	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm wearing it right now.  Great color and wears like iron.
3607	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Bought this buffering lotion after purchasing the drying lotion and having great success. I alternate them nightly. There is a complete difference in my skin after 2 weeks! No longer getting regular breakouts on my chin and my skin looks markedly clearer. I use the drying lotion on any bumps that start to appear and they are literally gone in a day. I alternate every other night with the buffering lotion to keep the area clear and bacteria free. My chin has given me problems for years due to hormonal breakouts and this line has been a miracle help!
I know that some say this is a great set for women too but I think it is designed for men and should, for the most part, be used by men. It seems to be a little stronger and the moisturizer a little too thick for the average daily use for women.
5169	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This works well on your skin and doesn't dry it out or leave a residue.  It works especially well for anybody of any age who suffers from any degree of acne, whether it is a severe case of adolescent outbreak or adult acne that involves the rare breakout.  This one has worked well in the past and continues to do so.
5534	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I like it but very expensive and other comparable products available.
After you have dried your hair (using all of the products you normally apply), sprinkle the Toppik onto the areas that need to look fuller.  Lightly tap the area to help the keratin particles `grasp' the hair.  Once you have filled in these spaces, you may lightly style your hair.  Vigorous brushing will remove Toppik so, don't do it.  Toppik should remain in place until you brush or shampoo.
Also, the leather pouch that it comes with is incredibly stiff, and it is a real effort to jam the clipper into it.  It does loosen up a bit with use (I've had mine about six months now), but the quality of the pouch is not as high as the clipper.
2774	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I use this and Proraso shaving cream. I have had some great shaves since using the combination.
2628	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	When I grew up it seemed that Old Spice was the only men's fragrance around and, frankly, I just hated it.  Then along came Christian Dior's Eau Sauvage with (what I thought then) well balanced fruit and spice scents.  Here we are 50 years later (in fact Eau Sauvage was introduced exactly 50 years ago) and I just may change the scent I use when good old male sweat is not quite appropriate (which is just about any time I am not wearing jeans and even sometimes when I am in jeans).  I love the woody smells combined with fruits like dates and herbs like cilantro and then the addition of leather - it's the leather that really hits me and is definitely something that is missing from the original formulation of my old standby Eau Sauvage.
weight conditioner.  Love the conditioner too!
7564	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Our weather this summer and fall in San Diego has been especially dry, and my skin has been really flaky for a few months.  Exfoliating helps, but I also seem to need a heavy-duty moisturizer at night.  This one really packs a punch!
This has a long list of ingredients and every single one of them is a natural one that I highly approve of.  A few of the great ones are: macadamia nut oil, vitamin A palmitate,
1861	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	More purple than described. Chips easy but goes on well, clean look.

8916	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Great cream
* No Sunscreen

The water gets rid of oiliness on my face, but does not prevent it from returning. If it was, it would have been 10 stars.
This cream, like all other BAXTER OF CALIFORNIA products, is supposed to be specifically formulated for men's skin, which tends to be thicker and oilier than women's, according to research, and so perhaps that's why it works better than the average night cream that you find in the drugstores.
I stumbled on this shampoo and conditioner searching for products with a more natural lean, although I know some people have issues with some ingredients here. My hair is basically frizz free right as it dries thanks to this, and a little bit of my fave hair serum, and its almost perfect (its only ever "perfect" when I flat iron!). Soemtimes I don't even use the serum, and its still great.
I have very sensitive skin, and this didn't burn or irritate it at all.  There was also no redness after using it, and no stinging while it was on.
5561	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product
Overview:
This perfume is very soft and very romantic.
7384	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	The Vincent Longo primer gave me a smooth and matte base using very little product. After applying my foundation, the finish result made my skin appear flawless and my foundation stayed in place for hours without any touch ups. A great product to have.
I would definitely recommend Toppik to anyone.

9969	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm a woman in my 40s who has switched to shave soaps & a brush after years of canned foam. The Proraso green soap/croap is my favorite, and the white is very similar. Both are more of a "croap" (cross between hard cream & soap) rather than a straight up hard puck of soap. It lathers crazy easily with a wet badger or boar brush & the "Marco method" (if you're new to wet shaving or having trouble making lather, google it - you won't regret it), and provides a good, close, irritation-free shave. I lather in the plastic Proraso bowl directly on the soap, then go straight to leg. I have also done a separate bowl lather with this, and it worked nicely. After use I leave the lid off for a couple of hours to let the soap dry somewhat (I shave in the shower & store my soap there, so there's a lot of water) and then store it with the lid on. The white has a slight menthol feel, but considerably less than the green. In my opinion, the white has a light scent of roses & fresh cut grass. It's very light and clean, and I think it could be considered the most "feminine" between the green, red & white Proraso soaps. I had issues with irritation from the red Proraso (disappointing, since I loved the scent), but neither the green or the white cause any problems for me. Overall I am extremely pleased with this soap and it will definitely be in my regular rotation.
6094	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is strong enough to cleanse but mild enough to not irritate sensitive skin.
9743	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Smells good. I like the masculine fragrance.
6294	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I am liking this lotion for my fair dry skin.  The flip top makes easy access to the lotion.  After bathing smooth is all over you and you will feel like new skin from neck to toe.  The combination of wheat oil,peanut oil, vitamin E gives your skin a smooth feel.  Those scaly dry places from age and weather seem to disappear.  You elbows will feel like they have never been dry and rough.  I am not too happy with the fragrance but I can live with it.  My lotion me from Amazon.
Steps


4. Hydra  Body Lotion: Pleasing mild smell, makes my baby's skin soft. Doesn't feel tacky or oily and once rubbed in feels nice and smooth.
4762	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Fantastic Shave.
8413	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This stuff is like Botox in a jar. Amazing!
9.  Bounce on the concealed area edges gently to blend with the rest of the face.
The bruise formulas may fade blood bruising but for trips and activities outside of home .... this completely gives a coverage so you are not self conscious of deep dark bruises.
3891	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Amazing product. Have tried everything in the market and this product works amazing. I have long and healthy nails now because of this product. Thank you. Will always buy again
6936	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great

2498	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I love the color of this topaz kajal eye liner but I don't feel like it lasts very long in the waterline and that's what i wanted it for.
8508	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Based on reading another review, I went to Mario Badescue's website and did their skin analysis.  You answer some questions and they give you product recommendations.  I had already received this moisturizer for review, but had not tried it yet.  This moisturizer was not the one recommended so I was a little nervous at the term "moisture magnet."  I have combination skin and have a hard time finding moisturizers that don't make me breakout. Even if I find one that works for a while eventually it makes my skin breakout.  I usually don't use a moisturizer just to avoid the drama.
5127	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Love Chi hair products
921	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	1.0	Did nothing.
7823	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Works great, my skin feels soft after use.
7334	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	In this package you get a facial soap, toner, and lotion.
My only reservation about the product is all the multisyllabic chemical ingredients in this.  I hope they're safe for people and for the environment because it's one of the best leave-in treatments I've found for my frizzy grey hair.
Long time .
Color: This was a really good color for me, even though I have medium brown hair. I have found that many products labeled "blonde" are the right shade either alone or when used to lighten up a darker color.

I really do like the color. Having brown skin it's not exactly nude but a nice neutral color with a hint of sparkle to break up the monotony. The application reminded me a lot of the Chanel bottle I have. Not just the removable top cover, but the fact that it brushes on neatly. You won't end up with too much on the brush, minimizing clean up and product waste.
With any new skin product (new to me), I patch test it first:  Before liberal use/application, apply a small amount to an area you can monitor (such as the under belly of the forearm). I see they recommend trying it behind the ear (I like the forearm better-easier to regulate). If no itching or redness develops, it is not likely that an allergy has occurred.  You might then want to try more use and greater distribution.  But, when in doubt, always stop use and consult your physician.
Best of all, it's cheaper to buy on amazon!
A minor miracle happened - her face not only tolerated the cream but she called me a few weeks later and told me that the Fluid had made her skin calm down and the red flareups were all but gone. This is now the no. 1 item on her wishlist for birthdays and Christmases.
Bottom Line: Great Product, won't hurt your pocket to start out, will last you so long you'll probably want to throw it away just so you can buy a new tube.
3833	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	This toner has transformed my skin. I've been searching for years to perfect my anti aging skin care routine, and this is at the top of my list. I've seen a noticeable difference in the brightness, tone, and clarity of my skin in just over 2 weeks using it. My under eye bags and wrinkles have also been incredibly lessened. It does cause some sensitivity when using a serum or eye cream afterwards, and I'm extra careful about using sunscreen, but all in all, this toner is amazing. Love all of the MB products I've tried so far; packaging might not be shiny or fancy, but it gets you results!
91	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice summer polish!
9958	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have been using the Proraso shave cream with great success.  I purchased this "Soap in the Bowl" to support a recent vacation as I did not want to travel with my ceramic bowl.  This product provided a very comparable lather and since it was the same ingredients as the cream in the tube, I did not experience any break-outs as a result.  This is a must have for travel or for anyone not wanting to mess with the separates.

6114	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	Although this cleansing soap leaves the skin moisturized and feeling good I found the application to have a pasty unluxurious feel.  If you are looking for a cleansing soap that is foamy that is not how this works.  It's thick consistency works well with the pores, but as much as I see this as a good product for others it is not my cup of tea.
7357	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	I have used a lot of different brow products over time, and one thing that I have a difficult time finding is a brow product that does not settle into the skin, pores, or smear while wearing in the day.
3902	Luxury_Beauty_5	NEG	2.0	opi is a great product.. i bought the soft and thin one and it didn't work for me at all. i guess i should've got the original one. i ended up buying sally hansen hard as nails at target for $2.49 and it's working GREAT! my nails are paper thin and bend backwards and split down the middle and have ridges. they are a mess! especially after taking off my acrylics. i would try the regular...
7588	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I'm seeing quite a difference after 3 weeks! I use it on the dcolletage too and that skin looks much smoother, highly recommend.
Also, I had been worried that the eucalyptus oil and menthol in this would irritate his skin since he has sensitive skin, but they haven't at all.
5834	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I have tried many different face products, but by far this one is the best.  I continue to purchase it, as it not only hydrates the skin, but protects it from the sun.  I would highly recommend this product.

2786	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	I splurged a few Christmas's ago and bought my husband The Art of Shaving line
7585	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	It works!
Overall, this cologne makes a nice, fairy-priced gift, ideal for anyone. This scent is natural, neutral, and nice. This cologne is certainly not the typical Mens sporty kind of cologne; this cologne is ideal for any occasion and appropriate for both sexes!

 I would not  recommend the acne kit.  Frankly, buying good old Noxzema, Ckearisil, or Neutrogena is the better way to go
purchase with the  cleanser and follow the directions and get great results.
5699	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	My hair dresser told me about Toppik's Hair Building Fibers because one of her clients has had success using it.  Toppik is intended to make your scalp appear as if it has hair in the right places.  This illusion is created by the tiny keratin particles bonding to your own hair.  If your scalp is actually bald and there is no hair that is combed over it, this product isn't going to work for you.  That said, it does wonders for those of us with thinning hair.  Just be sure to get the correct color that matches your own.  For example, the light blonde is strictly for those with very light, platinum blonde hair.  If your hair has the least bit of ash or red tone in it, opt for the medium blonde Toppik.
It has a refreshing minty-eucalyptus "Sea-Breeze" like scent and it feels great going on my skin. Because it doesn't contain alcohol you don't get that extreme tingle/sting like most other toners, but it still feels refreshing.

681	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I liked it but its not HG. I like that its glycerin based which is different. I don't really like the feel of it on my lips or skin kind of a waxy silicone feel. But it does moisturize well. Overall consensus is that it's way too expensive in America and therefore even though I put I would repurchase, I would only do so for the original price. Oh yes and the smell disappears quickly as stated.
5794	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	Very nice product- can add moisture to your skin without adding product. I was impressed.
UPDATE 7/10/16:  Second bottle now on order, worth the $15.  Wife came to me with tears in her eyes and a red face from scrubbing saying she was out of the Vichy and she hates her other face cleaner... so I guess that is the best recommendation I could possibly give.
I have been using LOreal products since the 1980s when my best friend was wearing a frosted lipstick I liked and I later sought out.  It smelled good too. It was a truer color in my eyes, since many comparable brands were putting red tinges into the light pinks and such.  Also, some of the LOreal colors of lipsticks and eyeshadows were pearly, and I liked them because they looked very ethereal, as with the pink-violet lipstick that changed colors depending on the light.
I highly recommend this for someone who is looking for something to act quickly.

I use this every morning. I apply a pea-size amount into my hands, and gently smooth over my face and  neck. My face feels much smoother and softer. I have not noticed any difference in my wrinkles or lines. This product is expensive, but well worth the money. Only a very small amount is needed. However, don't purchase this size, you can purchase a try me set for less money.
- Full coverage

- Great for sensitive skin
8287	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	The color is really beautiful and the pearlescence catches the light very well.  I like every Butter London polish I've tried, but this one is my favorite.
7705	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	4.0	I have dry skin and I use this along with Bioelements Sleepwear before i go to bed.  It's perfect.  It makes the area around my eyes feel soft.  I haven't used it long enough to notice any change in the lines around my eyes.



If you are thinning, this well make you feel better and look great, really!
7182	Luxury_Beauty_5	POS	5.0	great product


